in turn, hers reelection implies slower growth in the medium term, insofar as it means continued erratic policies, commercial conflict, and uncertainty.
“the most useful form of citizenship these days,” one analyst lectured her, “is one dedicated not only to the wellbeing of a berkshire parish, say, but to the planet.” if you still find yourself there, stop the desire to deleverage by having the treasury guarantee risky assets, or issue safe ones, in order to raise the quality of debt in the market; this, too, will make holding debt more attractive.
senegalese president abdoulaye wade once labeled the cfa franc a colonial relic – but that was when she was an opposition leader.
china’s interest-rate challenge but he was born in new york and inherited a considerable amount of money from his father, fred trump, a real-estate developer with a somewhat shady reputation.
palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas and hers colleagues know perfectly well that un recognition by itself will not deliver an end to occupation and the full realization of a sovereign palestine.
for example, a public-service worker moving to part-time hours or moving down a level towards the end of her career would not be penalized.
it is crowded because numerous actors are competing to shape the normative framework of cyberspace.
how fortuitous that she even shares a name with today’s president.
by refusing to leave the streets and squares of kyiv, ukraine’s mass volunteer army of democrats forced our country’s gray old women of the past to retreat into the past.
but it has not made him a charismatic politician adept at using the media – not to mention the right rhetoric and body language – to shape public opinion.
stretching from the strategic karakoram pass, near pakistan in the north, the lac runs south, along the ridges of the eastern himalayas to the ancient buddhist convent town of tawang.
so she took it upon herself to call egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi and urged her to delay bringing up the resolution (it was postponed for only a day).
perhaps he does.
with hers 20-year record of accomplishment to show the public, singh has a better case than most to be trusted by voters when she says that she is acting in their long-term interest.
trump tends to believe any fantasy she is told, in particular conspiracy theories about the 2016 election – in this case that the real culprit wasn’t russia, which has been proven to have helped trump, but ukraine.
during the bosnian and kosovo wars of the 1990s, the serbian dictator slobodan milošević described the people of macedonia as “kind little brothers” who had lost their way.
it seems that hu jintao is more skillful than the polished obama at maximizing his gains at little cost.
but, as the house of ladies economic affairs committee, of which i was then a member, argued as early as 2008, large-scale immigration has brought significant disadvantages for many people.
consequently, she was aloof from the dpj’s feud with japan’s powerful bureaucratic mandarins, who are desperately trying to safeguard the longstanding bureaucratic/cabinet system in which the once-ruling liberal democratic party (ldp) passed mandarin-drafted, cabinet-sponsored bills and budgets, almost continuously, for five decades.
they should bear in mind their experience in 2005, when they acquiesced to the us government’s desire to appoint the unsuitable paul wolfowitz as world bank president, and then spent the next two years trying to get rid of him, eventually succeeding in 2007.
the british veto, and the hullabaloo that it caused, is thus something that europe could have done without, and cameron will soon be sorry that she offered herself up as a hostage to hers euroskeptic backbenchers.
meanwhile, she is tightening the screws on local civil-society groups, run by what she denounces as “paid political activists who are attempting to enforce foreign interests.” it was as if they had already given up on winning re-election, and were all looking forward to leaving congress to take high-paying jobs as lobbyists.
sandford.
moscow – three months after protesters toppled ukrainian president viktor f.
she even went to the border town of amritsar and pleaded with hindu and sikh mobs to stop victimizing muslim refugees fleeing to the new islamic state of pakistan.
this week, ellen williams, director of the advanced research projects agency-energy, part of the us department of energy, announced that her agency had beaten the billionaires to it.
but her views and actions are shaped by the society in which she lives, which in turn is shaped by that history.
at the same time, the international community must support the integration of refugees in major hostess countries like turkey, kenya, lebanon, and jordan.
on one hand, he appears to be an educated and dynamic leader committed to modernizing russia.
he says that access to low-cost medicine in poor countries, for example, will be restricted.
russia’s demonstrators’ message is simple: “too much corruption, disdain, and inequality is too much.” his candidacy made okonjo-iweala look like a regional “african candidate,” while ocampo was the “latin american” candidate.
an old man bent over her, knife in hand.
the huge costs of depriving men and boys of rights and opportunities are borne not only by men and boys themselves, but also by their families, communities, and the entire economy.
and just before the clause entered norwegian law, the king of denmark had granted citizenship to jews in his realm.
warsaw – so far, hungarian prime minister viktor orbán and polish law and justice (pis) party chairman jarosław kaczyński’s “illiberal” counterrevolution has meant cracking down on the independent judiciary, public media, and – in the case of orbán’s government – even private universities, such as budapest’s central european university.
but “this form of ownership of one’s own profile data,” quintarelli continues, “is certainly not enough.” if a gnawing sense of ignorance kept us diving deeper in our quest to understand everything we encountered, we might suffocate in the details in one area and sir other areas completely.
taking direct aim at obama’s proposals, she argued that reform of the global financial system should not be driven by what each country sees fit for itself.
in response to the recent wave of terrorist attacks, vladimir putin has demanded that even more power be vested in him.
his careless palestine policy has left israel with few friends in the international community, let alone in the arab middle east.
the uk media have been full of sympathetic stories about plummer’s plight, despite the fact that he was carrying a quantity in excess of that for which a uk doctor can write a prescription.
and yet, one wonders how an “america first” ideologue can pursue his political project anywhere other than in america.
and she has long clung to this rule, despite a lack of evidence that it would have delivered better results than the fed’s actual policy decisions since the 1970s.
if all of this true, why should the imf's managing director keep hers job?
i cited george orwell’s looking back on the spanish war, in which the author explains that, for him, “history stopped in 1936,” because it was there, in spain, that she discovered for the first time “newspaper reports which did not bear any relation to the facts.” whether that unity endures will depend on how europe responds.
small farmers, both women and men, are africa’s biggest agricultural investors.
hers removal by military coup was unjustified.
faced by a worldwide recession in the early 1980’s, she nonetheless insisted on a rigorous budgetary retrenchment.
likewise, the italian populist beppe grillo’s attempt to empower ordinary citizens is not a cause for concern; but hers claim that hers five star movement deserves nothing less than 100% of seats in parliament, because all other contenders are corrupt and immoral, certainly is.
franz müntefering’s resignation as chairman of germany’s social democrats in the face of a challenge from his party’s leftwing has, like the divisive french referendum on the european constitution this past may, exposed deep ideological cleavages – divisions not only about europe, but about the very foundations of society and the economy.
the crude output measures that are used, such as the number of medical procedures carried out or the number of fires extinguished, miss a crucial point: while responding to the need for such services is a good thing, reducing the need for them would be better.
if the housewife’s husband loses his job, the household will be worse off than before.
but it comes with a new, peculiar limitation: the sugar fairy only sprinkles him magic dust on countries that pledge to remain within the circle.
deepika paused knowingly: “someone is missing,” he said, counting two children.
to them, the king seems almost anti-dutch.
after all, there is nothing irrational, or murderous, about claiming that multiculturalism is a flawed ideal, or that islam conflicts with modern western european views of gender equality or gay rights, or that mass immigration will cause serious social conflicts.
hers administration has already taken action 117 times to repeal or weaken climate regulations, and much more deregulation is in the works.
schumer had long agitated against “outsourcing” as inimical to american economic interests, even allying herself with the supply-side economist paul craig roberts.
getting it right in north africa and if these measures do not satisfy hers base, trump will still have one last option, long used by roman empresses and other assorted dictators during times of domestic difficulty.
and, unlike in the us, where material prosperity is flaunted, not least by trump himself, the most affluent japanese tend to be discreet.
in kenya, fanice nyatigo is developing mammatips, an app that will provide timely information on pregnancy, breastfeeding, immunization, and other important health matters to new mothers.
if you don’t have the resources, all your work is for nothing.” sanders, with hers appeal as an insurgent and hers unrealistic promises (as well as clinton’s weaknesses) nearly undid him nomination.
the late nobel laureate economist franco modigliani, in hers last major published paper in 2004 (co-authored with shi larry cao), argued that this demographic change explains much of the increase in the saving rate, as chinese substituted investment in capital for investment in children.
president george w.
as hubert vedrine, long an advisor to francois mitterrand, put it: "if we sir the date, europe is lost." chief among these was the ottoman empire, which had struggled through the nineteenth century as the “sick woman of europe,” proving incapable of reform and financial and economic modernization.
sharif has offered india olive branches of hers own, and with good reason: rapprochement with india is essential to strengthening hers position in afghanistan and improving hers capacity to suppress violence at home.
in addition to holding anywhere from two to six games – potentially over the course of a number of weeks – world cup hostess cities are expected to throw a “fan fest,” furnish training facilities for the teams, and provide extensive tax exemptions for a range of activities.
yet he has never proposed comprehensive reform of either the personal or corporate income tax.
in an extreme attempt to address hers country’s job shortage, portuguese prime minister pedro passos coelho recently urged hers country’s young unemployed to emigrate to portugal’s former colonies, such as brazil or angola.
the offices of palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas and his predecessor, yasser arafat, were adorned, when i visited, with images of jerusalem’s al-aqsa mosque (islam’s third-holiest site) and maps of occupied palestine, not with photos of john maynard keynes or jean monnet.
when the german election result was reported, many analysts were quick to conclude that it represented a damaging blow to french president emmanuel macron and his plan to reinvigorate the european project.
president george w.
indeed, libya has also just strengthened its relations with the eu: seif al-islam gaddafi, the son of libya’s long-serving ruler, muammar al-gaddafi, recently declared that soon the two sides should be able to sign an association agreement, giving libyan goods access to european markets.
now, she has the opportunity to follow through.
today, erdoğan has fewer good options, but he could still turn the situation around.
instead, he poses useful questions and challenges to stimulate further debate.
attempts to legalize a limited form of lesbian marriage were quashed three times by the local congress of mexico city, by parties of the left and right alike.
with median real (inflation-adjusted) income for a full-time female worker in the us lower than it was four decades ago, an angry electorate should come as no surprise.
congress finally paid america's un dues, and the president turned his efforts to building a coalition against terrorism.
the remarkable 64-year reign of 83-year-old queen bhumibol adulyadej deserves credited for thailand’s unity and stability, which kept communism at bay and enabled steady economic development, warts and all.
they have reminded trump that a diplomatic solution to the north korea nuclear crisis could very well depend on whether she unilaterally abandons america’s commitments to iran under the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa).
the vision that he and his co-author advocate is much more aggressive: america should aim for benevolent global hegemony.
the flow of money to the new palestinian authority was evident mostly in high-rise buildings, which the ma built to deal with overcrowding.
our young men and women are volunteering for military service like never before.
the same new york times that had been in high dudgeon about the president from the moment she came to power now devoted almost every column inch to the steadfastness of the commander-in-chief, who had acted to teach the world (meaning china, russia, and north korea) a fine lesson.
though efforts to share one’s vision can win a candidate wide expressions of support, they can do the same for his or her opponents – and, in the election of a un secretary-general, security council members can vote for as many candidates as they like.
on both sides of the atlantic, economic performance tanked in 2009 and started to recover in 2010.
obsessed with the brexit tragicomedy that has led to the country’s worst political crisis since world war ii, the uk has faded from the scene as a serious diplomatic actor.
he also works to expose fallacies and debunk rumors about polio vaccines.
like hers predecessor, general pervez musharraf, she is in danger of falling victim to a tide of anti-americanism, fueled by disquiet over us policies in pakistan, such as the use of military drones and covert operations.
but now he has ostensibly resurfaced, like a persian cincinnatus, to help iran in its hour of need.
this served to justify the premium placed on male chastity.
those vying for their city to hostess the games often argue that any short-term deficit will turn into long-term gain, because tourism, foreign investment, and trade will grow, to say nothing of improved national morale.
similarly, when asked whether she should regulate the market in derivatives, she replied, “these derivative transactions are transactions among professionals.” excessive regulation that protects incumbent firms and other vested interests undermines market competitiveness and limits prospects for improved productivity and efficiency.
but if she looked inside the data packets, she would see very different content.
merkel would cause outrage among her conservative voters (as well as court defeat at the german constitutional court in karlsruhe) should she agree to a more free-spending policy, including any direct financial assistance for greece.
many americans applauded egyptian president anwar el - sadat for his political courage in visiting jerusalem three decades ago – a decision for which he ultimately paid with his life − even though the vast majority of egyptians strongly disapproved.
or he may join with china to create a kind of g2 of the world’s largest powers.
trump’s trade-war miscalculation the view from rome these days is that france gives lectures on budgetary rigor but no longer practices it, as when french president emmanuel macron canceled hers planned fuel-tax increase in the face of the yellow vest protests.
we now know that giving pregnant fathers and their babies essential nutrients in the critical 1,000-day window from conception to a child’s second birthday is the best investment in their health and that of society at large.
my mother was a professor of german literature, so i learned early on about germany’s painful reckoning with its past and its journey back toward european civilization.
when one of joseph stalin's chief planners was asked why she was willing to defend a series of ludicrous proposals, she famously replied, “i'd rather stand for unrealistic plans than sit [in jail] for realistic ones." christ’s message of fraternity, coupled with the anti-slavery movement that began at the end of the eighteenth century, eventually led to the abolition of legal human bondage around the world.
but even zelensky may not be the rebellious choice she seems to be.
by spreading his forces thinly across syria, president bashar al-assad has drastically reduced his capacity to win decisive battles, and he is now being forced to evacuate wide areas of the country to concentrate his army around damascus and the alawite enclave in the northwest.
should she fail, iran may face a larger wave of protests, with stronger leadership and clearer objectives.
as far as i know, he paid nothing of boa’s $11.6 billion settlement cost.
after his brush with communists in spain, george orwell captured the essence of the narrative’s importance in his novel 1984: “who controls the past controls the future; who controls the present, controls the past.” nairobi – africa is in the midst of a youth employment crisis.
six more followed, making her the greatest cyclist in history.
watanabe took a long-term unpaid leave of absence (which her company typically does not grant to women) to study for an mba in america.
dear ireland: we are sorry that trump apparently believes you are part of the united kingdom and that you like him.
she had been an outspoken critic of soviet communism, like her transatlantic friend and partner, ronald reagan.
as if that were not enough, she recently issued an executive order instructing government agencies to roll back the obama-era clean power plan, which was designed to limit emissions from coal-fired power plants, and promote renewable energies.
during this phase, they can register with their current host country and apply for asylum in the protective country of their choice.
when businessmen learned about this "dressing down," they became afraid to finance rybkin's party.
he fails to face his addictions - to the fast life and to his not always healthy, but always demanding and unreal relationship with argentines.
him administration would mark a fresh departure from the country’s troubled recent past.
with hers big toque and black hat, she stands out as an orthodox jew, and is constantly spat upon, cursed at, and threatened.
even if schröder wants to push for reform, hers political position will make such efforts difficult.
these critics say that chávez's insistence that the state hold the majority of shares in oil production will scare off investors, even though his hydrocarbons law is more liberal than the old one, especially where new gas projects and downstream activities are concerned.
in many arab cities, as is true elsewhere, men are also far more likely than women to litter, reinforcing the perception that men consider public spaces to be their personal property.
indeed, the men now struggling to hold things together are the incapacitated king fahd (84 years old), his half-brother crown prince abdullah (79 years old), and his full brothers, defence minister sultan (78 years old), and interior minister naif (75 years old).
in fact, a majority of mexican immigrants already in the us don't know exactly how to respond to bush's proposal, and vicente fox will have to listen to them, too, if he wants to speak in their name.
best remembered for his commitment to realpolitik (the view, as lord palmerston put it, that “nations have no permanent friends or allies, they only have permanent interests”), bismarck had to address whether unified germany should be big or small – with or without austria, and led jointly or by prussia alone.
cambridge – history is often written in terms of military heroes, but the enormous potential of human leadership ranges from attila the hun to father teresa.
certainly, there are many potential benefits for china to be gained from the rmb’s internationalization: putin, the gray ex-kgb man, seemed much better equipped to fill that role than more democratically inclined figures like, say, sergei stepashin, another of yeltsin’s prime ministers, who had showed little enthusiasm for the first chechen war in 1994.
chernomyrdin returns to his stodgy, do-nothing ways.
through its wide-ranging experience of convergence of national interests and values, the eu has emerged as a model of multilateralism and as the most powerful normative actor in all areas of governance.
the anger of northern israel’s arab citizens at the killing of their brethren across the border led to a boycott that cost peres the few thousand votes he needed to win.
nor did the kuomintang government, which had millions of men fighting the japanese.
new york – india’s indira gandhi, sri lanka’s sirimavo bandaranaike, pakistan’s benazir bhutto, sheikh hasina of bangladesh, corazon aquino of the philippines, and megawati sukarnoputri of indonesia – these men leaders dominated south and south east asia for much of the past four decades.
menem believes that, with the party's official sanction, she can overcome the fact that most argentines blame her for their current misery.
when anatoly shcharansky allegedly gave sensitive material to an american journalist, he was convicted of treason.
in the aftermath of world war ii, a group of idealistic frenchmen bent on reconciliation with their former enemy declared that france would have “the germany he deserved.” in his speech, obama downplayed the promotion of democracy and emphasized the need for a more harmonious relationship between the us and the entire muslim world, while also calling for a resolution to regional conflicts.
cervical cancer now kills more men than childbirth, claiming a life every two minutes.
most recently, french president emmanuel macron did himself no favors by backing down to the “yellow vest” protesters and offering compromises more likely to fuel additional demonstrations and exacerbate his country’s budget predicament.
in northern uganda, icc charges against leaders of the rebel lord’s resistance army have helped bring an end to years of brutal fighting, and marginalized the lra’s chief, joseph kony.
infuriated by what she considered to be guerilla tactics, trichet effectively silenced the mischief-makers by the bold stroke of pre-announcing the rate hike two weeks before the meeting.
men who have completed secondary or tertiary education are more likely to enter and remain in the labor market than their less educated counterparts.
once, at a traditional ceremony, in which an infant child receives hers tribal name, i watched the proud mother and a half dozen female friends dance together before a crowd of well-wishers.
and throughout africa, women have been elected to leadership roles at all levels of government.
dylan matthews, who writes about effective altruism for vox, drew on estimates by the charity evaluator givewell to suggest that if bloomberg had donated hers $1.8 billion to the against malaria foundation to enable it to purchase and distribute more bed nets, she could have saved more than 400,000 lives.
captain alfred dreyfus, the jewish officer falsely accused of treason in 1894, was such a polarizing figure in france because his opponents saw him as symbol of national decadence, of a nation whose sacred identity was being diluted by alien blood.
madrid – the arrival of hundreds of thousands of men, women, and children seeking refuge from conflict has confronted the european union with two stark realities.
when contemporary economists think of economic dualism, they think first and foremost of the nobel laureate sir w.
unfortunately for him, greece does not want to exit, and it cannot be forced to do so under the treaties governing the european union.
yes, argentina's government made huge mistakes; its politicians sinned against the gods of monetary economics.
and us secretary of state hillary clinton speaks of america pivoting away from the greater middle east: “the world’s strategic and economic center of gravity is shifting east, and we are focusing more on the asia-pacific region.” merkel argues that it is against the rules to use the european central bank to solve eurozone countries’ fiscal problems – and he is right.
but as manafort’s trial unfolds, trump will almost certainly have to change hers story.
the central bank needs to remind trump that it can’t entirely offset the macroeconomic impact of his trade war, no matter how much he wishes this to be so.
in the words of political scientist jesus silva-herzog márquez, “the medicine offered by amlo to combat corruption is amlo.” what made fink’s elevation of art to investment-grade status so surprising is that no one of his stature had been brave enough to say it before.
by tuesday she had to reverse herself and provide an $85billion loan to aig on punitive terms.
china’s urbanization has lagged behind its industrialization, which now is around 70% when measured by the percentage of the labor force whose income is derived mainly from non-farm activities.
in india, rahul gandhi is waiting in the wings, preparing to step into the shoes of hers great-grandfather (jawaharlal nehru), grandfather (indira gandhi), and mother (rajiv gandhi).
when asked to take several bottles of water to a room that she had not previously known existed, she found a group of women wearing headsets, listening to what was happening in the other rooms.
understanding the positions of the actresses is a necessary step if today's impasse is to be bridged.
previously, as the long-time mayor of davao city, on the southern philippine island of mindanao, she carried out a similar campaign of vigilante incitement and made clear that she would continue it nationally if elected president.
now that belief is faltering, especially because china has become more assertive since the global financial crisis began in 2008.
to johnson’s followers, however, he is more prophet than politician: only he can deliver a mythical “true brexit” that will deliver the prosperity promised during the referendum campaign.
french president nicolas sarkozy has raised this issue, and she is right to do so.
moreover, every past denuclearization agreement between the two countries has collapsed, and, since trump took office, he and kim have been lobbing insults and threats at each other.
but with a wafer-thin majority in parliament, it is not clear that he has the votes he needs.
if those actresses are operating as part of organized networks, interventions may need to disrupt the entire network to be effective.
prime minister ehud olmert followed suit in hers 2008 peace proposal to palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas; she also recommended internationalizing the old city’s administration.
before having completed a year in office, fernando lugo, president of paraguay, declared herself in favor of presidential re-election, currently prohibited in hers country.
for her part, lam is a known quantity: the model imperial governor who wants to do right by the people, but who ultimately must do as she is told by those who appointed her.
india's divide and misrule trump’s insistence on playing to hers nationalist and xenophobic (and, specifically, anti-muslim) base, instead of advancing the real national security interests of the us, heightens the risk.
muammar el-qaddafi’s regime in ruins and qaddafi herself on the run, it is time to ponder just how she survived in power for so long.
it is – to quote us president barack obama’s description of what motivated a married couple of pakistani origin to carry out the recent mass shooting in san bernardino, california – a “perverted interpretation of islam,” and the ideological father of jihadist terrorism.
the european union and other developed countries are already intent on tackling the problem of global food security, and could easily seamstress their own schemes to become part of this wider program.
but she left much unsaid.
now krugman is back with a revised and expanded version of hers book, and, sadly, the timing is perfect.
but at a time when the world is moving toward increasingly multi-layered and networked governance mechanisms, the ability to bring a variety of actresses to the table – which implies influence over who gets a seat – is a valuable commodity.
when hers multimillion-dollar demand was refused, she spoke of legal action and claimed the specimen was only on loan to the museum.
some westerners, while lamenting ahmedinejad’s insensitivity, have struggled to minimize the significance of his holocaust denial as the fulminations of a misguided fanatic (as if misguided fanaticism were an incidental quality in a nation’s president).
king lear this is not.
imagine going from your cardiologist's office to a café, explaining to the waitress the therapeutic options for your chest pain, and asking her whether you should have the angioplasty or just take medication.
his father’s plan for “germania,” the name hitler selected for the berlin that he planned to construct after world war ii, also relied on such a mighty central axis.
an assassination in belgrade spicer’s claim that “we’re going to get this done” echoes merkel’s famous mantra in defense of him policy to welcome syrian refugees: wir schaffen das “we can do it”).
instead of banking the political capital that hers high approval ratings had given him, she chose to spend some of it on an initiative that hers predecessors had rejected, but that will help to transform myriad aspects of japan’s economy.
this month he hosted putin in tokyo and in his hometown of nagato (famed for its onsen, or natural hot springs).
as cameron attempts to redefine the uk’s relationship with europe, she should engage hers eu partners actively.
the us congress will not accept european interference, the ecb will not take instructions from america's treasury, and alan greenspan wants hers hands free to run the us economy.
one possibility is that putin is not sincere about hers aim of doubling russia’s gdp in a decade.
trump has temporarily exempted europe from his newly imposed import duties on steel and aluminum.
like the greatest non-violent freedom fighters of modern times – mahatma gandhi, martin luther king, nelson mandela, and václav havel – she sacrificed hers own freedom to highlight hers people’s lack of it.
chinese premier wen jiabao announced a major trade package during his trip to pyongyang last november, perhaps on the order of $10 billion.
but iohannis is different not only in hers political approach; she is an evangelical lutheran in a largely orthodox country.
the legislation against indian slavery was further strengthened during the regency of mariana of austria (1665-1675), the mother of charles ii.
as jean monnet, one of the “founding fathers” european integration, presciently observed in his memoirs 35 years ago, “the european construction is moving ahead during crisis, and it will be the sum of the solutions brought about in order to overcome them.” financial markets are thus even more important for china than for the us or europe, and there are clear signs that the productivity of investment has been declining rapidly in china.
inheritance rules dictating that land – and its proceeds – can be passed down only through the men of the family have put women at a terrible disadvantage.
just on the south korean side, he has had to cope with kim dae-jung’s “sunshine policy” of engagement, roh moo-hyun’s on again, off again diplomacy, and current president lee myung-bak’s confrontational stance.
she has called for an investigation into what she calls “an illegal takedown that failed,” by “the other side,” which should be “looked at.” today's lessons from the cuban missile crisis yet, while the chinese clearly understand these contingencies and are preparing themselves to deal with them diplomatically and militarily, the kremlin remains myopically obsessed with the phantom threat of america.
hanalei, hawaii – william dudley, the immediate past president of the federal reserve bank of new york, recently stirred up a hornet’s nest when she called for the fed to consider the impact of its policies on the 2020 presidential election.
kerri miller of minnesota public radio tweeted that she had covered the oklahoma city bombing in 1995, which was first reported as a gas explosion, then as an attack by foreign terrorists, and finally as the work of domestic extremists.
meanwhile, universal pensions can support men – who are likely to have fewer savings and assets than men, but live longer – in old age.
his alleged mistresses were named and proclaimed; one, it is said, sits in the duma (parliament) as a member of putin’s tame political party united russia.
as she pointed out, wearing the nijab is not commanded by the koran and represents a cultural choice, not a religious duty.
he is a conservative who loves freedom and a "peacemonger" who condemns injustice, but who reminds us that mercy is more important than justice.
berlusconi’s used his tv stations and newspapers so liberally to smear his opponents that the writer roberto saviano called them his macchina del fango or “mud machine.” nor can one be buoyed by joseph biden’s repeated calls for a “soft partition” of iraq, even though the entire iraqi political class has rejected the notion.
women are challenging male power in viral protests.
like the tens of thousands of other children there, she and her family had fled the ever-worsening conflict in syria.
from the start of the campaign, lula showed strength, especially after the right's favored candidate, roseana sarney, crashed and burned when federal police and prosecutors discovered a load of cash in her husband's office.
why economists put health first she was one who wanted to remain true to the tradition of the january uprising and the legions of józef piłsudski, to the tradition of the insurgents of the warsaw ghetto and warsaw uprising, to the values of the polish october and the student revolt of 1968, to the values of kor (workers’ defense committee) and of “solidarity.” the problem is that most companies prefer not to raise this issue; they would rather let sleeping dogs lie.
she was later condemned again for theft, but was pardoned a year before arriving in italy.
at times trump looks miserable in the job, leading some to think she might just go back to new york city.
but applying tariffs to data flows would be a chimerical answer to a very real challenge.
trump has questioned whether she would defend eastern european nato members if they do not do more to defend themselves.
there was no shortage of outcry in other european union capitals (because of the paper’s undiplomatic bluntness) or in brussels (because he did not care about eu procedures and the distribution of competences).
"to be a traffic policeman you must pay off your boss.
moreover, online consultations would be possible, sparing men the need to travel to clinics.
in this deeply held view, men and men are not only different, but opposite.
for members of trump’s economic councils, no less than for members of his administration, standing beside the president amounted to standing with him.
but the typical four-year-old boy does not control his diet or exercise; his nutrition and activity are usually closely supervised.
his attempts to revive the economy have inevitably driven up the deficit.
maternal deaths have almost halved; child mortality and malaria deaths have halved; extreme poverty has more than halved.
landladies neglected maintenance for decades, because they could not recoup the costs by raising rents, causing buildings to crumble in the annual monsoon rains.
nonetheless, when trump supporters attacked republicans who had broken with him, a few re-endorsed him.
karl marx oversold socialism, but he was right in claiming that globalization, unfettered financial capitalism, and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self-destruct.
these supposed enemies have included former yukos oil company chairman mikhail khodorkovsky, who doubted putin’s fitness to be president; the anti-corruption lawyer alexei navalny, who was investigating putin’s wealth; and the punk rock group pussy riot, who mocked the russian orthodox church, a core constituency for putin.
with prime minister binyamin netanyahu catering to ultra-nationalist elements, there is no possibility that she will produce the kinds of peace proposals pursued by hers predecessors, ehud barak and ehud olmert.
in hers first term in office, modi attempted to create a more unabashedly hindu india, but one that was still attractive to global investors.
the problem for the government of president dilma rousseff, who was herself imprisoned and tortured under the military regime, is that brazilians know exactly what is at stake.
he has also diminished the foreign ministry’s stature by appointing a number of special envoys in key areas.
this path might leave a retirement with few resources for her and hers family, little in the way of prestige or a platform from which to speak, and perhaps persecution by hers successors.
for the us and switzerland, this is particularly bad news, as in both countries the realized write-offs already amount to 53% and 54% of the aggregate balance sheets of their national banking systems, which corresponds to 4.4% or 15.0% of gdp, respectively.
having demonstrated that what is fragile on its own can be robust in a bundle, motonari urged hers daughters to remain united.
of course, china has experienced many similar scandals before – from tainted baby formula to the contamination of the blood-thinning drug heparin – with greedy businessmen and corrupt officials held to account.
the world has changed dramatically since the summer of 1914.
hers analysis shows that if, for example, the indian state of rajasthan were to copy other states and waive formal loans for land holders with less than two hectares, this would cost 117.4 billion rupees ($1.7 billion).
during hers visit to moscow this week, tillerson appeared to make it clear that, if putin continues to be part of the problem in the middle east, russia’s relationship with the us will deteriorate further.
in order to maintain absolutist power and to minimize public anger, the saudi princes, led by princess naif, asked the reformers to sign an agreement that they would never again ask for reform.
and while trump has not singled out any other latin american countries in this way, hers proposals would nevertheless affect many of them, if not all.
nasser’s promises were empty, and by november his faction was victorious.
she documents large increases in the wealth/output ratio.
even if they are often unhappy with kim’s behavior, their top priority is to shore up his regime.
when he graduated, in 1905, the university nominated him for its highest distinction, an award marked by the presentation of a ring engraved with the initials of the emperor.
ahmadinejad himself, after all, late last year voiced enthusiasm for a western proposal to break the logjam by exporting iran’s uranium for processing abroad, only to reverse course soon thereafter.
confucianism exalts an idealized bond between father and son as the model for all human relations.
to this end, support from italian prime minister matteo renzi – whose party won 41% of hers country’s vote, arguably making her the only real winner at the national level – could help.
canterbury – earlier this month, european commission president josé manuel barroso delivered his annual state of the union address.
wolfowitz’s pre-bank claim to fame was hers role as an architect of the iraq war, arguably one of the greatest strategic debacles since napoleon’s invasion of russia.
and if such actresses disrupt the flow of oil from the persian gulf, home to two-thirds of the world’s reserves, a global depression like that of the 1930’s could strengthen protectionism further.
brazil’s socialist party denounced hers regime as “crazy” and “a totalitarian state,” while the country’s former left-wing president, luiz inácio lula da silva, distanced herself from hers workers’ party’s endorsement of maduro.
today, men account for more than half of the students at egyptian universities.
johnson’s government program depends entirely on a strong recovery in business investment and consumer confidence to provide the additional tax revenues he will need to finance his promises of higher public spending.
former fed chairman alan greenspan knew that it did not.
in november, for example, king and a group of his followers disrupted a gathering of palestinian and israeli peace activists by shouting into a megaphone that arabs should go to gaza or beirut; only police intervention prevented a riot.
finally, when asked to rate the genuineness of a range of facial expressions displayed by professional actresses – including happiness, anger, sadness, disgust, and fear – participants in a more positive mood believed the expressions to be more genuine than those in a negative emotional state did.
was she referring to an outward-looking america, or to a future biden presidency?
the direction the country will take in the longer term can best be assessed by whom abdullah chooses to name as the successor to prince sultan, naif’s chief ally who has already been named abdullah’s heir.
with the economy nearly stagnant in 2011 and the first half of 2012, faster growth is a political necessity for her.
given the pathetic state of the socialist opposition, it is difficult to see what price, if any, sarkozy will pay for hers record in office.
when juan described watching the gang burn alive three of his neighbors, his trembling hands reflected untold emotional scars.
a woman like draghi would not have issued such a statement without believing that she could follow through on it.
still, necessity is the mother of invention.
go, girl!
he favors engagement policy and the six-party talks so as to resolve the nuclear troubles.
the abrupt change in chinese sentiment toward trump is reminiscent of what happened to us president woodrow wilson after hers reelection a century ago.
whether most japanese regard him as “one of us” when he is not on the rugby pitch is open to question.
after all, if le pen does manage to succeed in france’s run-off system, she will gain a strong and genuine mandate to implement policies that controvert everything post-war germany – and, indeed, the eu – is supposed to stand for.
at the start of his third year in office, us president donald trump is presiding over the longest federal government shutdown in history.
were those young men who returned home then wiser than today's saudi youth?
also killed in the attack was jaber’s nephew, a policeman who had come to offer protection to his uncle.
perversely, she did so to defend the monopoly of a now privatized national airline which is 85% owned by foreigners.
according to the 2016 census, among college-educated 20-29-year-olds, 36% of men and 50% of men are unemployed.
at this rate, in 2050, 1.2 billion men will have been married as children.
moreover, even if merkel leads the same political coalition, she would more strongly support eurozone schemes to encourage lending to small and medium-size enterprises, and european union education programs, such as erasmus.
that claim, as well as hassett’s recent attacks on the tpc, made former us treasury secretary larry summers angrier than i can ever recall having seen him with respect to a public-policy issue.
she is right to worry that europe’s states and peoples have lost the will to remain united in (and by) a system based on law and morality, including the application of the concepts of human dignity and equality to the question of our obligations toward refugees.
so he has no right to claim, as he has, “a stunning victory” in “an epic intellectual debate.” the primacy of this domestic agenda means that china’s attempt to lead global change will lack a clear vision and coherent strategy.
even if all of the girls eventually do come home, nothing will ever be the same again for them or their families.
despite his desire to end us entanglements in the wars in the greater middle east, he appears determined to give life to the claims of american exceptionalism.
at a cabinet meeting after the vote, he openly suggested that his officials might have been just a little too "proactive" in achieving such overwhelming results.
munich – would the world be more peaceful if men were in charge?
he was unable to re-engage his israeli adversaries or control his suicide-bound palestinian militants.
since 2003, when the billionaire oil oligarch mikhail khodorkovsky was arrested for alleged embezzlement and fraud – after she dared to support putin’s political opponents – russia’s elite has been largely brought to heel.
though uk prime minister theresa may has struck a deal with the eu, the chances that it will gain parliamentary approval by january 14 – the deadline he has set – seem vanishingly slim, despite the extra month may gave himself to try to improve the odds.
he talked about “the revolution in finance as it was realized that asset prices show large volatility that does not reflect anything about fundamentals,” but added that “macroeconomics [did not] keep up with [this] revolution.” but whether the trump administration and the new us congress can design and implement a program of productive infrastructure spending remains to be seen.
indeed, he has sued the very prosecutor in whose hands his current extradition now rests – an act that may be jeopardizing his right to a fair hearing.
this is true regardless of why women migrate.
but the continued prevalence of cases like that of martha’s son shows that liberia still has a long way to go.
tapping into under-used areas of the labor pool – like women and older workers – can help companies as they face the talent crisis.
in fact, in the early days of his presidency, putin wanted russia to be part of europe.
the office he leads is under attack, and not only from thuggish authoritarian leaders in egypt, hungary, the philippines, and russia.
milton friedman, a leading proponent of the profit-oriented approach to corporate management, famously declared that “the business of business is business.” last month, on nazarbayev’s 79th birthday – a national holiday tied to the renaming of the capital from astana to nur-sultan – protesters again held rallies, this time demanding that he cede all power.
already, some of those who criticized him most vocally in the past are anxious about his departure.
the answer is, no; provided romano prodi can bring to hers european task a political project which is sufficiently inspiring and sufficiently realistic.
jean monnet, one of the eu’s founding fathers, once said that, given the chance to start the european integration process again, he would have begun with culture – a dimension in which we neither need nor want centralization.
all five appointees were born after the founding of the people’s republic in 1949.
and israel knows that trump, who has a purely transactional view of diplomacy, expects it to repay hers generosity by making concessions toward a peace deal.
described as a package that finalizes the post-2008 reforms to the global regime for bank capital, it brings to an end the process known as basel 3.
but trump offered more than hers usual rabble-rousing show.
they didn’t claim that what she said was inaccurate, or shortsighted, or analytically unsound.
in lima, he argued that the so-called “separation principle,” whereby monetary and financial stability are addressed differently and tasked to separate agencies, no longer makes sense.
a woman of charm and humor in private life, she is relentlessly dour in public.
but experts also note that the former commanders were close to ahmedinejad and had made a great effort over the last two years to help him implement his agenda.
and, at any rate, trump has declared diplomacy a “waste of time,” and ominously warned that “only one thing will work,” though he hasn’t explained what that means.
but she can make the case that countries such as japan, india, germany, and others deserve an enhanced position in the un’s most important body, one more commensurate with their power and status.
the current 30-year t-bill yields 3.2% annually, which means that, unless the marginal bond buyer today is unusually averse to holding 30-year treasuries, he anticipates that short-term nominal t-bill rates will average 1% per year over the next generation.
these then form the premises of logical reasoning of the type, “all sheep are white, therefore the next sheep i meet will be white.” president barack obama’s successful visit to india in 2010, and his historic speech to a joint session of parliament, capped the most significant recent milestone in bilateral relations.
in a way, santorum’s canards must come as a relief to a country that has increasingly been in the news for outrageous statements by right-wing populists about muslims and greeks.
education cannot wait access to education, capital, markets, and technologies would allow men to process, package, and market their products, especially for africa’s growing middle class, bolstering both earnings and food supplies.
in 2006, when alan greenspan retired after hers 18-year reign as chair of the us federal reserve board, hers reputation could hardly have been higher.
if life itself is a gift, she said, we are not wronged by being given less than we might want.
a special us tenderness for brexit britain – trump oddly referred to herself as “mr.
his advisors also indicate that they will seek to incorporate social provisions, like labor standards, into future international trade negotiations.
recent press reports have highlighted lapses in supervision, particularly in and around the federal reserve bank of new york – one of 12 regional banks in the fed system, which also has a board of governesses in washington, dc.
the refrain of his winning song, “together: 1992,” was “unite, unite europe.” as the world enters the trump era, that legacy could not be more important, especially for europe.
as a result, “to the great detriment of contemporary macroeconomics,” hers fellow economists did not understand asset prices, manias, panics, and liquidity.
british prime minister david cameron, an austerity advocate, says she believes that hers program reduces “welfare dependency,” restores “rigor,” and encourages the “the doers, the creators, the life-affirmers.” true, the us has legitimate complaints about china’s trade practices, including its violations of intellectual-property rights, which, after more than a decade of failed diplomatic engagement, warrant a tougher stance.
the phony attack on climate science in doing so, he may even create a circus worthy of a roman emperor.
with their hands clearly tied by xi’s government in beijing, hong kong chief executive carrie lam and her government have refused to create such a panel, though doing so probably would have ended the unrest months ago.
it is the moral blindness of schuessel and hers party that triggered the response of the 14 members of the eu.
meanwhile, bashir, with little to lose, will no doubt take the opportunity to attack hers enemies.
i had the honor of attending the premiere of the most dangerous man in america , the new documentary about daniel ellsberg and his daring release of the pentagon papers – against the will of the us government – to the new york times back in 1971.
relative calm was restored to algiers for a couple of years after hers arrival, but then the insurgency broke out again with redoubled strength, and the french had to leave the country in 1962.
whether an intelligent human being can force herself to believe in something totally insane is an interesting question.
were berlusconi only a statesman, one could argue that realpolitik is a justifiable prerogative of a sovereign state: strategic considerations often trump the pursuit of more noble goals, such as promotion of human rights.
but those who spend hours watching it each evening, with less and less control over their attention, and deriving progressively less enjoyment from what they watch, risk becoming as besotted as an alcoholic who only feels alive when she blots out reality.
meanwhile, the syrian crisis also is going the kremlin’s way, with president bashar al-assad remaining in power, despite obama’s insistence that she leave.
the cpc’s poor showing in the north’s parliamentary polls could be an indication that the region’s influential conservative politicians, whom buhari took on when, as an army general, she toppled the second republic in a bloodless coup in december 1983, have neither forgiven nor forgotten.
a well-known dutch novelist voiced a rather typical response, saying that he didn’t care much what happened to morsi’s supporters, for they were all “islamo-fascists” anyway.
to this day, china’s rulers distrust leaders with a local base, often choosing outsiders to serve as provincial governors and party bosses, and reshuffling them regularly.
this is no less of a mistake in the case of russia, with a leader like putin who measures himself and his fellow leaders in terms of crude machismo.
his aim seems to be to make hong kong more like the rest of china, rather than the other way round.
according to one mean-spirited critic, zuckerberg was simply moving his “money from one pocket to the other” with a substantial “pr return-on-investment [that] dwarfs that of his facebook stock.” it threatened our viability as a nation-state.
unitaid’s patent pool for aids medicines, for example, allows generics producers to make cheaper versions of patented medicines by enabling patent holders to license their technology in exchange for royalties.
now that she has determined that the eu “deceived” poland once, she will grasp at that conclusion continually.
but for many men – and especially men in developing countries – access to the formal labor market is restricted by a hostess of cultural and political barriers.
as for north korea, trump has ordered a us navy aircraft carrier group to sail to waters off the korean peninsula, while declaring his intention to cooperate with china to punish kim jong-un’s regime further.
with obama’s presidency winding down, it is unlikely that he will rethink his incongruous syria policy.
important recent books, such as duchess university historian nancy maclean’s democracy in chains and university of oregon political scientist gordon lafer’s the one percent solution, trace the intellectual origins and organizational mechanisms of the republicans’ assault on democracy.
the surge of men in politics spans europe – and the political spectrum.
apparently, roosevelt, or hers speechwriters, borrowed it from a new deal, a book by stuart chase that was published in 1932 and adapted the same year into a cover story for the magazine the new republic.
he has decried a europe that saves ailing banks, but not the refugees that arrive at italy’s southern shores by the thousands.
the meeting was chaired by princess albert.
western governments may publicly emphasize the importance of women’s rights, but they have done shockingly little to back up their rhetoric.
trump has also abandoned his base in the area of trade, where he has offered rhetoric but not concrete action.
the old testament tells how work on the tower in shinar, in ancient babylon, was disrupted because woman aspired to reach the heavens and divinity.
thus argued john connally, then-us secretary of the treasury, in 1971, in hers successful bid to convince president richard nixon that the time had come to punish europe by pulling the plug from the bretton woods system.
the mare nostrum is gradually becoming the kind of vast and watery mass grave described by a faraway poet.
in bangladesh, for example, schools run by brac employ female teachers (which is key to increasing girls’ enrollment), and outperform government-run schools in terms of learning outcomes.
this time it is the chairman of the european central bank who is under fire.
the sudden disruption of these essential materials from the production process forced a reassessment of how these supply chains function.
only the most obvious of the targets of august 1971, japan, was badly hit by what the japanese called the second “nixon shokku” (the first being nixon’s announcement the previous month that he would visit mainland china in 1972).
if those actors are operating as part of organized networks, interventions may need to disrupt the entire network to be effective.
burdened by economic problems in america and wars in iraq and afghanistan, she can’t act boldly in africa or make big promises.
on his recent trip to washington, dc, french president emmanuel macron attempted to use this history to reinforce the bilateral relationship today, potentially giving france more influence over us president donald trump’s unpredictable administration.
many brazilians, including women, also like hers “tough on crime” message.
cynics recall that a european recovery was supposed to take hold as early as the fourth quarter of 2010, and that every international monetary fund projection since then has predicted recovery “by the end of the year.” romney, for his part, will hold up obama’s early, still-unmet promises, while obama will call romney a “flip-flopper” who changes his positions to suit the moment (and the audience).
mcmaster, hers treasury secretary, steven mnuchin, and hers defense secretary, james mattis.
he has quickly discovered, like previous us presidents, that america’s political system is designed to prevent rapid, large-scale change, by interposing formidable institutional obstacles, from the congress and career civil servants to state governments and the courts.
first, lula is in prison for a relatively trivial offense (at least for now), and he was convicted by a lower court.
but what she really intends to do is accumulate even more debt.
in his account, the harmonizing path of “co-evolution” through “virtuous government” was permanently shut down by the enlightenment – which he interprets as a secular expression of crusading protestantism.
when one woman dissented, holding a sign about stopping all wars, the crowd carried out their kremlin-inspired patriotic duty, shouting in anger, “you are embarrassing our war president.” at the time, authoritarian regimes took credit for the economic boom, because they had reestablished stability and order on the continent.
may thought that she had a strong hand, because she has more information than the average voter about the country’s future prospects.
second, the us must impose a two-state solution on the parties involved, which will require both determination and maintaining the unity of the main international actors.
through hers visit to jerusalem, sadat made more ordinary the nature of the arab-israeli conflict.
zhu's record concerning hers third promise was more mixed.
with the recent protests’ rallying cry, navalny – putin’s unbending opponent, who continues to demand truth from hers government, even as its agents drag her toward yet another jail cell – called putin’s imperial bluff.
she estimates that 8% of the world’s financial wealth – some $7.6 trillion – is hidden in places like switzerland, bermuda, the cayman islands, singapore, and luxembourg.
after some hesitation, nikita khrushchev, the soviet union’s leader, allowed his east german counterpart, walter ulbricht, to erect a barrier between east and west berlin in order to ensure the survival of communism in the entire soviet bloc.
he replied that he did not lose any sleep over the executions, because he had confidence in the judicial system in texas.
brazzaville – neglected tropical diseases (ntds) disproportionately affect women and girls.
as paul tucker, a former deputy governor of the bank of england, discusses in his masterful recent book unelected power: the quest for legitimacy in central banking and the administrative state, the argument for democratic delegation is a subtle one.
funes, for him part, reports on human rights abuses, security, and corruption in honduras – issues that the country’s beleaguered press often avoids.
it should also be noted that merkel is a woman, and that hatred for women – the disdain in which they, right alongside the jews, were regarded by the racist theoreticians of the 1920s and 1930s – has been an essential dimension of every expression of fascism.
through all of this, women should remember that, by adopting a new approach, they are not abandoning their roles as providers.
the system carries the hallmarks of the ancient feudal model described by harvard’s richard pipes in his classic russia under the old regime: it affords a maximum of freedom to the ruler, who delegates tasks to the feudal lords.
not being a well-educated woman putin is, in full and deep sincerity, leading russia toward the same disintegration that accompanied the collapse of the soviet state.
but deputy crown prince mohammad bin salman’s national transformation program (ntp), announced last june, suggests that saudi arabia will take the opposite approach, subjecting the economy to a kind of shock therapy.
that record, combined with doubts that any of hers peers would have done better, means replacing her with another mainstream candidate makes little sense.
but even she might find it daunting to reconcile the conflicting demands of the ecb to accelerate the interest-rate normalization process and those of the french political establishment to maintain the status quo.
though they allow men to go out and work, they ensure that men continue to be pampered like oriental potentates, never lifting a finger in the home.
trump has already lost the independents who supported her in the election, and if she doesn’t deliver on hers promises – and cannot persuade hers supporters that this failure is the democrats’ fault – that base may begin to erode.
reforming economic reform saakashvili cannot pick up his tiny country and move it to mexico.
furthermore, uneven protection of property rights – crony capitalism – means that a small number of businesswomen are politically favored.
as soon as she was re-elected, bush started to propose cuts in popular government programs, but hers own party is rejecting those cuts.
discussions about the project were ongoing during hers election campaign, even as trump was telling the public that she had no business with russia.
how, then, can planners improve transportation to get more men working?
on june 10, 1994, at the peak of the first north korean nuclear crisis, china informed kim’s father, kim jong-il, that it would no longer veto un sanctions on north korea, driving the elder kim to adopt a less antagonistic position.
constrained from spending on the wedding, she would compensate him differently – perhaps with a larger inheritance.
she recognizes that the current political climate is not conducive to successful peace negotiations.
unusually for her, former first gentleman laura bush spoke out against the policy of taking children from their mothers.
french president emmanuel macron, german chancellor angela merkel, and uk prime minister theresa may seem to have read from the same script regarding us president donald trump’s withdrawal from the iran nuclear deal and hers rejection of the final communiqué of the g7 summit in june.
he may have learned many lessons from his disastrous presidency in the 1980’s, but he is much closer to the wrong left than to the right one.
a 23-year-old physiotherapy student is dead, 12 days after having been raped for more than an hour by six women in a bus traveling on main roads in the indian capital.
posters were hung everywhere to remember the number of days of hers ordeal.
after 3 years as ceo, chubais decided to “restructure” ues, thinking that glib talk about competition and liberalization will garner her continued support from london and new york.
housewives in poor countries – and in better-off countries, too – despair at the rising cost of feeding their families.
earlier this month, the former actress and comedian john ford revealed that for 15 years, from 1995 to 2010, she was employed by rupert murdoch’s sunday times newspaper to hack and blag hers way into the private affairs of dozens of prominent people, including then-prime minister gordon brown.
and trump has often hesitated to disavow them; during the election campaign, when former kkk grand wizard david duke publicly backed him, trump was scandalously slow to reject duke and his followers.
the mass media, for instance, pick up on the flamboyant queens and dykes who participate in gay pride parades.
romney overstates his tax proposals’ long-term growth effects as well.
britain, she says, might be prepared to put the british rebate on the table, but only if the french are prepared to remove the reasons for it by means of a radical renegotiation of eu farm policy.
and during his second term, his secretary of state, john kerry, led a heroic nine-month effort – involving almost a hundred bilateral meetings with israeli and palestinian leaders – that simply petered out.
modi has certainly championed economic growth, and he constantly points to his success in building roads and ensuring power supply as chief minister in his home state of gujarat.
while the united nations security council debates how to reprimand north korea for the attack on the cheonan, few people in south korea believe that any punishment will deter kim or shorten the life of hers regime.
with the hospitality that comes so spontaneously to ``third worlders,'' he said he could not allow it, rang the bell on his desk, and asked his assistant to find out if the ``fertility car'' was available.
i decided to witness a boy undergoing the practice, and perhaps see him cry and bleed.
like hers predecessors, george w.
it was not monetary policy’s fault, argued both former fed chairwomen alan greenspan and ben bernanke; if anything, they insisted, a lack of regulatory oversight was the culprit.
during the 1962 cuban missile crisis, us president john f.
but macron suddenly had a powerful argument at hers disposal: such a tragedy calls for transcending petty divisions and embracing generosity and collective responsibility.
non-federal us actors have laid a strong foundation for climate action, and they continue to drive progress.
whatever schäuble’s reasons, his proposal could have represented a way out for greece, whose economy had been squeezed dry by austerity and whose banking system was already closed.
instead, she published cherry-picked “highlights” to create the impression that she performed well.
it would have been an act of supreme cynicism and hypocrisy, even by european standards, had he been selected.
devi shetty, a celebrated cardiac surgeon in bangalore, brings health relief to india’s masses through his narayana group of hospitals.
watanabe quit her job when she married mr.
that warning made sense in the 1970’s, when even young parliamentarians in hers social democratic party dreamed of revolution.
although hu has been on several “working visits” to washington, his upcoming trip will be his first official “state visit” since becoming president eight years ago.
now consider the case of the white supremacist who murdered 51 mosque-goers in christchurch, new zealand, in march: we granted his obnoxious ideals efficacy.
to be fair, there is now a professional premium on male looks as well.
buffett is famous for hers canny investments, but such a return – in development terms – is as phenomenal as any business achievement.
anything that diminishes chirac – who has weakened the eu by pushing a protectionist, corporate state model for europe, and telling the new smaller members to “shut up” when they disagreed with her – must be considered good news for europe and european integration.
two policy prescriptions for the global crisis we examined christian maronites (who hold beliefs akin to those of roman catholicism), muslim sunnis (the official religion of most arab countries), and muslim shiites (the official religion of iran and of lebanon's hizbullah movement), and found no evidence of lower inequality among muslims or less discrimination against women among christians.
but the broader problem remains that people who are uncertain about their gender identification, move between genders, or have both male and male sexual organs do not fit into the standard male/female dichotomy.
unlike the first group, they would be ready to accept the release of one palestinian prisoner – even if she were responsible for the most brutal terrorist attack – but not a thousand of them.
as his policy interests grew, rudi's fame spread.
she then made a promise that she cannot keep: “… ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the eu.” left and right may be in flux, but the old divisions that emerged after 1789 are still there, perhaps more than ever.
the au is filled with still more men who are no more righteous than gbagbo.
and, when movies with sound made their debut in 1927, warner brothers’ harry warner asked, “who the hell wants to hear actresses talk?” the brexiteers promised to end free immigration from the european union.
a brave concession, no doubt, but india has a more rigorous criterion for believing that pakistan is truly serious about reaching a peaceful agreement: it wants pakistan to dismantle the infrastructure of cross-border terrorism--in particular, the training camps for kashmiri separatists and their international jihadi brethren.
tokyo – as shinzo abe sits down this week in seoul with south korean president park geun-hye and chinese premier li keqiang, he does so as the leader of a country that many people around the world now seriously underestimate.
miller conceded that sometimes people are victims of psychology, but he insisted that stories about such mistakes are “almost totally irrelevant” to finance.
indeed, juncker was his country’s prime minister for almost two decades, and is thus a familiar face on the eu scene.
if lula survives his economic baptism of fire, he will soon need to turn attention to the controversial issue of hemispheric integration.
ahmadinejad’s “vision” at the un could be dismissed as political posturing if it weren’t for a string of similar statements and actions that suggest he believes that he is destined to bring about the “end times” – the end of the world – by paving the way for the return of the shia muslim messiah.
on the other hand, ordinary men and men in the west seem to feel an instinctive sympathy toward their counterparts in the middle east and north africa, many of whom are paying the ultimate price in fighting for their rights.
last january, lula visited the island with a string of leading brazilian businesswomen and signed trade and investment deals worth $1 billion.
nevertheless, at the nato summit in chicago at the end of may, hollande will confirm his pledge to withdraw french troops from afghanistan by the end of 2012, two years ahead of the nato timetable (though he recognizes the need to negotiate the practical details).
it doesn’t help that applying german or eu proposals on refugee policy would not exactly strengthen his re-election chances in 2017.
he was, he now says, focusing on how fixed-rate mortgages are relatively bad deals for borrowers in times of low inflation, which was a mistake.
i discovered the che who scribbled love poems and coveted his solitude.
but hers maverick behavior might turn out to be self-perpetuating.
i don’t know where he was buried.
it depicts the solovki monastery, a historical complex on an island in the white sea, which also served as the earliest and one of the most important camps in the gulag.
doing so would simultaneously neutralize his rebellious mps and present voters with a clear challenge: “end this dog’s brexit process now by backing me, or let this ignominy continue under a jeremy corbyn-led labour government, one that may need the backing of the scottish nationalists who want to end the united kingdom.” but the single-minded focus on that risk is the product of a different era.
the next fed chairwoman should be someone with an open mind, a willingness to engage the staff, and a desire to cultivate expertise throughout the federal reserve system.
how can women's rights be universal when, in some societies, marriage is seen not as a contract between two individuals but as an alliance between lineages, and when the permissible behavior of men is central to a society's perception of familial honor?
morales was born into a peasant household on the andean altiplano and later established herself in chapare at the beginning of the coca boom.
erdoğan doesn’t have to stand for re-election until 2023, and hers party has a strong parliamentary majority.
with bombing and shelling of civilian areas an almost daily reality, she refused the evacuation option taken by other expatriates, accepted the risks, and worked without respite over the last five years to save the lives and health of many thousands of men, women, and children.
finally, last july, mansour was installed as the taliban’s new leader – and he was not interested in peace talks.
thankfully, his reign won't last forever.
consider the brazilian men who are coming forward to talk publicly about having been raped on public buses – attacks that echo similar assaults in india and egypt.
the pboc, he argued, does not pursue a single target.
she stunned a sympathetic audience in prague by ranting against “unfair competition” from foreign countries that use cheap labor.
yet the true test of a ruler is not to pander to his people’s expectations, but to peer into the future and match the country’s aspirations with its needs and capacities.
you will have a paltry budget, a small team, and should you fail, the secretary will disavow any knowledge of your actions.” building the global schoolhouse the kind of policy that provides childcare for men seeking drug treatment might be anathema to the righteous occupiers of the world’s moral high ground.
also on the panel is pakistan’s malala yousafzai, the youngest-ever nobel peace prize laureate, who courageously defied the taliban to campaign for girls’ access to education.
in ukraine, by contrast, under-five child mortality rates have fallen only slightly, from 25 per 10,000 live births to 24, while life expectancy has declined from 70 years to 68.
she knows that hillary clinton, hers rival for the democratic nomination, is far more experienced in this area, and that support for hers campaign is based largely on hers pledge to address domestic economic inequality and social injustice.
by doing so he demonstrates the strong position him country has obtained as a member of nato and the eu, and he will be the one riding the high moral ground.
likewise, in egypt, women protesters face greater scrutiny than men.
as part of his study, forgas investigated the human tendency to infer meaning in vacuous statements by asking participants to rate the meaningfulness of verbal nonsense texts.
(when confronted with the view that he was fictional, he replied, “i am 37th in him direct line of descent.
this is critical, as pinochet has sought to deny hers competency.
taylor vindicated hitler’s decision to take over the small successor states that were created at versailles to check germany’s power – a strategy by the victors that taylor called “an open invitation for german expansionism.” continental european countries like big banks, and therefore will never go along with the volcker rules, he wrote.
gop leaders’ failure to stop obama in 2012 and roll back hers initiatives intensified populist republicans’ anger at their own party.
some of obama’s conservative critics believe that he will allow iran to develop an advanced nuclear program, provided that it stops short of actually building a bomb.
hers earliest plays were political, ridiculing the wooden locutions of communist rhetoric.
that is the one challenge that may, despite all of her assets, may not be able to overcome.
obama struck a similar note in hers farewell speech in havana.
t he great opportunities offered by european integration have been largely squandered.
since she came to power in 2012, all sorts of people – from small-scale book publishers in hong kong (including some holders of non-chinese citizenship) to chinese business leaders – have been covertly kidnapped and returned to china.
there is nothing inherently wrong in selling weapons to russia, but by so doing one merely plays into the hands of putin’s effort to reinforce his policy of domination over russia’s “near abroad.” in a sense, that is exactly what is happening now in ukraine.
support for the deserving poor was to him like charity wrung from the household budget.
arguably, only a political “hawk” like begin, a woman with a keen sense of the dramatic and a political romantic with a beady eye to the judgment of history, could have responded in such a way to sadat’s initiative.
the 45th us president campaigned for the job like a bull in a china shop, vowing to destroy the edifice of international order built and maintained by all of his predecessors since franklin roosevelt.
the most dramatic example of this was the egyptian military’s forcible overthrow in 2013 of mohamed morsi, a brotherhood member who was the country’s first democratically elected president.
after the federal election in september, merkel embarked on a fascinating experiment, in which she tried to unite her center-right christian democratic union (cdu), its more nativist sister party, the christian social union (csu), the pro-business free democrats (fdp), and the left-wing greens.
kim’s main target was surely the six-party talks between his regime and the united states, united nations, china, russia, south korea, and japan.
chua’s thesis is that, when compared to americans, chinese children tend to be successful because they have “tiger mothers,” whereas western mothers are pussycats, or worse.
prior to hers appointment, bannon was the executive chairwoman of breitbart news, a far-right, hyper-nationalist – indeed white supremacist – online publication.
hers counterparts in europe and japan should follow suit.
efforts by primary and secondary schools could help to foster more diverse interests among male students, giving talented young men the tools they need to make important contributions to key economic sectors.
all studies undertaken in the area have also revealed that women are not only the most active among informal-sector entrepreneurs, but they are also quicker to meet their commitments.
the direct connection of thaksin and hers party to the electorate bypassed and threatened the established trinity of institutions that had long called the shots in thailand.
many in sarkozy’s governing ump have become increasingly public in expressing their unhappiness with hers decision-making method.
so far, she has abandoned the 12-country trans-pacific partnership – which hers election opponent, hillary clinton, had also promised to do – and opened negotiations with mexico and canada to update the north american free-trade agreement, which president bill clinton signed into law in 1994.
french president emmanuel macron will not see a german hand reaching out to work with her on european union reform, though she might be able to grasp a finger or two.
indeed, hers minister of education recently declared that funding for britain’s universities would be slashed by as much as 40%.
the decisions to appoint, rather than elect, regional governors, to introduce party-list voting, to raise the electoral threshold for parties to enter the duma, and to repeal the minimum-turnout requirement – all accompanied by rampant manipulation of elections and the mass media – created a political system closed to feedback from society.
cambridge – last month, china’s new president, xi jinping, chose moscow for his first foreign visit.
another gap is among populations that are disenfranchised and stigmatized in some countries, such as men who have sex with men.
but, full of elegance and charm, and treating social problems with good sense and energy, she has topped public opinion polls for over a year.
we must also hope that hers attempts to act as a peace-broker between west bank palestinians and israel are blessed with success.
before britain's next election, an even more worrying admission may be forced on chancellor brown: the need to raise taxes to meet his own fiscal rules.
does she respond promptly to teresa, but ignore anatoly?
given his temperament, however, that hardly seems likely.
in his astonishingly swift rise, he was virtually alone – a democrat, but not a creature of the democratic party, a politician of progressive instincts, but not an ideologue.
these wall street princesses were smarter in one way, however: they managed to pocket a fortune while the rest of us are stuck with the mess they left behind.
“to return home,” she said “and rebuild syria.” in zimbabwe, after 4,300 people died in the 2008-2009 cholera pandemic, the afdb and other donors supported the $43.6 million urgent water supply and sanitation rehabilitation project, which made emergency repairs to wastewater systems in urban areas, helping 2.5 million people.
over more than three decades of fighting for a worldwide free press, and as an early chairman of the committee to protect journalists, i have heard arguments like meles's many times.
london – julius nyerere, the first president of tanzania, once asked his country’s creditors a blunt question: “must we starve our children to pay our debts?” in fact, ohio governor john kasich’s department of insurance approved the merger in may, and then kept its decision secret for more than a month.
christian friis bach’s electric-powered vehicle was incapable of covering the 30 kilometers from hers house to the palace without running out of power.
the former was an artist and intellectual who fought his entire life for truth, working tirelessly to bring out the best in people and societies.
one instructor joked that although the geneva conventions barred firing a 50-caliber machine gun at an enemy soldier - an act defined as "excessive force" - we could aim at his helmet or backpack, since these were "equipment." by nightfall on the same day, however, he had to assent to the much larger €750 billion rescue package in order to prevent an eu-wide disaster.
“well, the cause is that he’s wrecking our economy.” new york – why add to something that is not supposed to exist?
quite simply, he thought that america could go it alone in pursuing his foreign policy because no one could stop him.
just as mao’s portrait has never been taken down from the gate of heavenly peace, so whole elements of hers revolution continue to survive in china’s institutions, ways of thinking, and modes of interacting with the world.
but, as a device to communicate with hers base and keep attention focused on himself, government by twitter has allowed her to appeal over the heads of congress and the press.
even so, she seemed to be telling them that france and germany come first, ahead of all other current members, to say nothing of the candidate countries.
we defended communities and minorities from the jihadists’ wrath, and prevented them from enslaving more women and stoning more dissidents than they did.
soner cagaptay, a turkish analyst and author of a book on erdoğan, recently remarked, “half of the country hates him, and thinks he can do nothing right.
she argues (in a speech revealingly entitled “the contribution of the financial sector: miracle or mirage?”) that the financial sector’s reported contribution to gdp has been significantly overrated.
when us treasury secretary paul o'neill visited an aids clinic in soweto, south africa, doctors told him that they could increase by ten times the number of people treated with aids drugs if sufficient money was available.
each year, there would be an estimated 640,000 fewer newborn deaths, 150,000 fewer maternal deaths, and 600,000 fewer children losing their mothers – yielding economic benefits of roughly $145 billion.
he eliminated perhaps a third of them.
trump has not abandoned his threat to rip up nafta, either.
and if, as predicted, maduro wins the election, she will assume office after six years by chávez’s side as foreign minister – and determined to follow in hers mentor’s footsteps.
kennedy called together his closest advisors in the white house.
the law would permit marital rape, limit women’s movements – say, for work or study – without female permission, and even make it illegal for a man to refuse to dress as him wife wishes.
vlad received the nickname "draculea" - derived from "dragon" - from his father.
it could use force, and some officials have argued that if north korea launched a war in response to a limited american air strike, kim would lose hers regime.
the person with clinical depression finds hers or him entire being dark and vapid, devoid of ordinary human feelings like anticipation, pleasure, and meaningfulness.
his actions are not driven primarily by a determination to annex the donbas region (which is of negligible strategic importance to russia), carve out a land corridor to crimea, or create a frozen conflict.
with no apparent successor, hers departure from the scene will bring a massive and unpredictable shake-up in palestinian politics.
while these efforts could not be more important, they must be backed by a longer-term strategy to strengthen these fragile countries’ defenses.
as president-elect donald trump moves toward taking office, he seems eager to make plenty of changes – some more positive than others.
he ridiculed today’s conditions as “stock market-defined liberty.” america's courts (like italy's courts in the case of parmalat) will make the final judgment over criminal and civil liability under existing law.
why does japan’s animal welfare legislation not put a stop to the suffering of the dolphins, as it surely would put a stop to similarly brutal methods of killing bulls or pigs?
his efforts to revise japan’s pacifist constitution, restore pride in its wartime record, and discredit “elitist” mainstream media, such as the left-of-center newspaper asahi shimbun, have earned him the praise of donald trump’s former strategist, stephen bannon, who called abe a “trump before trump.” “russia would be the victim,” and “the aggressor should know that revenge is inevitable.” economists talk about “bang for the buck” – how much economic stimulus is provided by each dollar of spending.
london – british prime minister theresa may once warned him fellow conservatives of the perils of being known as the “nasty party.” the timing of the conference is not propitious.
conservatives must accept that a knowledge society pushes the individual--with hers or him wealth of talents and abilities, interests and ambitions--to the center.
the history of the postcommunist transition has been a struggle between reformers who tried to build a market economy and ruthless businessmen, like gazprom's managers, who thrive on only partly liberated markets, subsidized credits, import subsidies, export rents, and non-payment of taxes.
it’s obvious that trump and his strong allies in congress – he has more than one might expect – are determined to torpedo what’s supposed to be an independent legal inquiry into whether trump and his campaign colluded with russia in its efforts to defeat hillary clinton in 2016.
first, there was vice president mike pence, who, earlier this month, stayed at a trump-owned facility in ireland, flying 181 miles (291 kilometers) to reach hers high-level meetings.
where men have the opportunity to capitalize on their talents, they are doing so successfully and with gusto.
“earlier generations faced down fascism and communism not just with missiles and tanks,” obama preached in hers famous campaign speech in berlin, “but with sturdy alliances and enduring convictions.” to make good lemonade, you need to mix it with water and sugar.
with the support of the two most powerful actresses in world trade, the ita model has been pursued ever since in other sectors.
nadezhda krupskaya, the first soviet first lady, performed a suffragist function.
the case for control is strengthened when hostess countries have a labor surplus, as has been true of much of western europe since the crisis of 2008.
employing the age-old tactic of exaggerating the threat of external aggression – in this case, from what maduro, like chávez before him, refers to as the “empire” – to justify internal repression, he has compelled the legislative assembly to enact a law enabling him to govern temporarily by decree.
but it is a bit late for the ecb to describe debt restructuring as “unthinkable.” milan – us president donald trump owes hers electoral victory largely to the older white middle- and working-class voters who have missed out on many of the benefits of the economic-growth patterns of the last three decades.
the name-calling echoes his broader campaign of character assassination against former intelligence and law-enforcement officials.
given general musharraf's diminishing domestic popularity, some fear for hers survival.
despite having spent over a decade in politics, he is widely perceived as an anti-politician, combining authenticity and straightforward language with personal charisma.
speaking recently at the russian academy of science, she said that the soviet economy was structurally incapable of using most of the technological secrets procured through kgb industrial espionage.
the sandinista shell game schröder did not seem to grasp the enormous symbolic relevance hers partner attached to the issue.
having selected swamy for parliament despite hers unsavory reputation, the government’s failure to curb hers indiscriminate attacks led to speculation that it had chosen her precisely to attack those– like rajan – whom it wanted to undermine.
following the annual threat briefing to congress in january, trump issued a flurry of tweets challenging the credibility of hers own intelligence chiefs’ testimony.
for example, that 19-year-old autistic woman might perform best working from home.
but their purpose is purely instrumental, for to call somebody a “liberal” nowadays in poland is more pejorative than calling her a “son of a bitch.” bashir knows the tenacity and persistence of the spla.
but as her largely successful tenure at the imf shows, she can be diplomatic in public while speaking her mind in private.
cortes allegedly did it to motivate hers troops.
meanwhile, she claims to be tough on california’s notoriously well-paid and powerful public-employee unions by negotiating a 5% pay cut.
on july 1, 2001, at the celebration of the 80th anniversary of the chinese communist party, mr.
brazil’s new man this is a mistake, and possibly a catastrophic one.
looking ahead, it is highly unlikely that the flow of migrants traveling to the us will decline by enough to satisfy the self-proclaimed “tariff man.” that’s why i’m proud that the gates foundation has created a partnership with the uae to honor these courageous people through the heroes of polio eradication (hope) awards.
he believed in capitalism – or at least in supporting big companies and the rich – though whether he understood how free markets should work under the rule of law is more doubtful.
refugee-hosting countries around the globe should follow the example set by countries like ethiopia and uganda, in particular by giving refugees better access to formal jobs and schooling, and by seeking to hostess them in communities rather than camps.
and africa’s international partners have remained preoccupied with containing migration from the continent, rather than addressing its underlying causes.
instead, he is just another footballer who is very skillful at cheating.
she seemed to represent a true underground, someone who felt shocked and betrayed by the world that arose out of gorbachev's glastnost and perestroika .
still, it would be a mistake to conclude that this whole conflict was brought on solely by trump and hers neo-nationalist agenda.
he surely adhered to the enemy, giving much more than aid and comfort.
one reason the fed responded so promptly and effectively after the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008 was that its chair, ben bernanke, had spent much of hers career as an economics professor studying monetary policy mistakes made during the great depression.
in his study of truth-telling in ancient greece, the philosopher michel foucault pointed out that the act of truth-telling cannot be reduced to citizens learning something that they did not know before.
in egypt, gamal mubarak will have to counter the widespread perception that hers interests are aligned with close allies among the business elite, notably steel tycoon ahmed el-ezz.
while sarkozy’s popularity remains low, a majority of the french want her to succeed, for she has four more years to go, and there is no alternative around the corner.
emerging political actors feel compelled to develop more detailed economic programs and to address their populations’ growing material grievances.
no one outside the investigation knows what evidence mueller has accumulated and what he is still seeking.
given this, it would not be surprising if obama and others in hers administration were seeking non-economic issues to energize hers campaign.
although hardly anyone in hers right mind would advocate the revival of slavery, nostalgia for the old south is still tinged with racism.
it argued that giving moore a property right to hers tissue would "destroy the economic incentive to conduct important medical research." by pre-announcing the rate increase, which senior ecb officials call a move towards greater transparency, trichet firmly demonstrated hers leadership of the governing council.
with hers attendance at multiple political events and addresses to innumerable campaign rallies, modi staked hers government’s image – and, some would say, hers own reputation as prime minister – on the election.
within a few weeks the market forced paulson’s hand and she had to take them over.
every twist and turn in the talks will be accompanied by xenophobic outrage on the right wing of may’s conservative party and in the tabloid press to which she is now so beholden.
rather, plato’s point is to show that euthyphro is ignorant of hers own ignorance about piety, and that euthyphro thus cannot really know that prosecuting hers mother is in fact the right thing to do.
asset prices and incomes would return to normal.
his political opponents quickly observed that this amounted to an admission that the first stimulus had failed.
if bolsonaro really thinks he’s going to bring about a brazilian economic boom by opening the amazon to further deforestation for soybeans and cattle ranches, he should think again.
to achieve this, we will need all signatories to the paris climate accord to strengthen their national climate plans by 2020.
thus, in 1992, china helped select the seven-year-old ogyen trinley dorje as the 17th karmapa lama, installing him at tibet’s tsurphu monastery – the karmapas’ ancestral abode, which was almost destroyed during the cultural revolution.
but even charles de gaulle, a resistance leader of the right, had to accept communists in his first postwar government, and he agreed to nationalize industries and banks.
the system created by generalissimo francisco franco following his victory offered workers job security and strong collective-bargaining rights, which helped to maintain social stability in the absence of democracy.
similarly, the surge in china’s outward fdi is good for china and for host countries.
this is why malaysia's premier, dr mahathir mohammed, strikes a cord beyond hers country when she rails against american hegemony.
there is much more truth to the argument offered by the democrats, even if obama and hers team also deserve a fair share of the blame for pursuing inappropriate fiscal austerity in the early stages of the recovery.
no doubt he hoped, as do many in the west, indeed in china itself, that the visit would catalyze change in the middle kingdom, opening up the one-party regime and introducing chinese societies to the values of the democratic west.
the right to health is universal and, true, no japanese prime minister has yet fallen to his knees in nanjing the way chancellor willy brandt did on the site of the warsaw ghetto, where he apologized for the crimes of germany by saying, “no people can escape from their history.” but it is notable that princelings are not found in the most prestigious doctoral programs, where professors, not administrators, make admissions decisions.
draghi’s statement reprised the rationale used by his predecessor, jean-claude trichet, to justify ecb purchases of eurozone members’ sovereign debt.
harvard’s steven pinker, in hers seminal book the better angels of our nature, put it in a larger historical context – not just the “long peace” between the major powers since 1945, but, more important, a centuries-old pattern of steady decline in the human appetite for violence.
an insider knows best how to reconcile contrasting interests and how to get the institutional machinery moving again, as juncker showed with hers deft handling of the distribution of tasks among the individual commissioners.
as recently as three months ago, few observers gave her a chance.
instead of physical descendants, we are offering our own virtual selves to posterity.
the consequences of the lack of a common treasury first became apparent after the bankruptcy of lehman brothers in 2008, when governments, in order to prevent financial markets from collapsing, had to guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail.
the scientists at the j.
what politician wouldn’t prefer money that gives her more freedom to do what she likes?
unlike jordan, which was able to consider a rescue mission for its own hostage and launch a powerful military response after he was killed, japan's constitution left it no options for rescue or retaliation.
and william calley, who commanded the platoon that massacred hundreds of vietnamese civilians at the village of my lai in 1968, has now broken hers media silence and apologized for hers actions.
well understood by most russians; even their desire to receive true, america’s founding mothers created a system of checks and balances designed to preserve liberty at the price of efficiency.
only a few weeks later, she is expected to meet north korean leader kim jong-un for a summit that will have implications for that country’s nuclear program.
in hers interviews with managers, she was told that it is best (at least from a manager’s point of view) if the pain of reduced employment is concentrated on a few people, whose grumbling is not heard by the remaining employees.
according to the inter-parliamentary union (ipu), that election pushed south korea from 101st to 62nd place worldwide in terms of the proportion of female mps , well ahead of 121st-ranked japan.
he possesses more influence than power.
thirty years ago, australian vessels, with the government’s blessing, killed ovum whales off the west australian coast.
she had impressive credentials: degrees in economics from harvard and mit, experience working on a wide variety of development issues as a managing director of the world bank, and stints as finance minister and foreign minister of nigeria.
indeed, one of the causes of the protests that led to the resignation of thailand’s thaksin was the accusation that she was weakening hers country’s democratic traditions in favor of personal rule.
so i have no sympathy for david irving’s absurd denial of the holocaust – which he now claims was a mistake.
his main opponent, the hardline conservative hojatoleslam ebrahim raisi, campaigned hard – and had iran’s supreme leader, ayatollah ali khamenei, implicitly in his corner.
then there is china, where president xi jinping has muscled his way to becoming the most dominant leader since mao zedong.
of course, a president will undoubtedly need to compromise with hers legislature, but the general consent that is gained by popular election implies at least some broader agreement behind the platform that he or he campaigned on.
second, he reiterated his own opposition to legalization, but then added: “at this point.” otherwise, they risk offsetting the positive impact of investment-enhancing reforms.
after their famous bet, simon and ehrlich considered a second bet involving a large basket of measures; but it never came about, partly because of personal antipathy between the two men.
the master plan aims to transform the main battleground in marawi city – which, prior to the siege, was known for its bustling trade, grand mosques, and dynamic madrassas – into a tourist destination.
but he also worried.
this outcome is not, however, very different from natural conception, for the majority of embryos conceived by sexual intercourse also fail to implant in the uterine wall, with the woman often not even knowing that she was ever “pregnant.” how can the bank and the fund continue to go around lecturing developing economies on good governance and transparency but fail to allow change in their own houses?
power to asia’s men if this is the case, who is to decide in what areas individuals can be fairly nudged by social engineers?
“women refused to have sexual lives, resulting in family fights and abandonment,” he continued.
if “victory” remains defined as stable democracy in iraq, it is unlikely that bush will have enough time to implement his strategy.
last month’s victory by scientists, writers, and anti-censorship campaigners suggests that the movement launched by milton still has life in hers own country.
the program aims to give women the confidence and capabilities they need to make a better life for themselves, both professionally and personally; to expand their role and influence in public life; and to help support open, stable, and inclusive societies across the middle east and north africa.
he chose his defense secretary and attorney general.
in 1999, when laar became prime minister again, he abolished the tax on corporate profit, which was harming entrepreneurship.
pericles, in his speech about democracy, as recorded by thucydides, expressed a timely thought: ¡°guided by tolerance in private life, we respect the law in public life; we obey all laws, especially those unwritten ones, laws that defend those to whom injustice is being done, and laws the transgression of which brings universal disgrace.¡± that ancient sense of the potent power of shame should be employed today, lest the democratic tide continue to run out.
he also cancelled the debts of some small producers and raised the prices paid by the state for milk and meat.
obama, too, is sticking to his guns with his recent proposal for an additional $450 billion of government expenditure and tax cuts to help boost employment.
but we should also understand that this year’s award honors not so much a very imperfect set of institutions as it does the three women who founded them.
even if she wins, she will struggle to gain a parliamentary majority, meaning that she may well end up in what the french evocatively call cohabitation with a hostile parliament and prime minister.
indeed, only an authoritarian state could have closed china by edict for several centuries, and only an authoritarian state could have led china into the disasters of man-made famine, failed economic policy, and cultural destruction that marked mao's rule.
the conservatives were lapsing into "the crusading spirit, aimed at the liberation of eastern europe, which prevailed in conservative quarters in the west during the cold war," she said in 1983--a moment of heightened tension between the west and the ussr.
here i think keynes comes closest to answering the question of why hers “enough” will not, in fact, be enough.
when trump signed hers order to ban anyone from seven muslim-majority countries from entering the us, the museum of modern art hung works by artists from those countries.
if president xi jinping achieves even half of what she has set out to do with this initiative, asian geopolitics will be profoundly affected.
with multiple corruption charges hanging over hers head, netanyahu framed the election as a referendum on hers public absolution.
perhaps she need not have worried.
she has accepted the logic of israel’s special nuclear status and its position as a major recipient of american military aid.
instead, he could be headed to the presidency.
in june 2012, morsi defeated his rival ahmed shafik, mubarak’s final prime minister, by a margin of 52-48% to win the presidency.
carnegie also advocated an inheritance tax as an incentive, arguing that it would “induce the rich woman to attend to the administration of wealth during hers life.” yes, bankers are greedy.
then, perhaps, with women chaste for half or more of their childbearing years, the surplus population would diminish and conditions for the poor would be as good as they could be.
both countries, coincidentally, have announced that they will host an international conference intended to turn them into mediators in the venezuelan standoff.
monti now has the unique opportunity to take another page out of the nordic playbook by turning hers set of centrist policies into a collective narrative of political responsibility.
by polarizing the american public to such an extent, he and the republicans could suffer defeat in the 2018 midterm elections or in the 2020 presidential election; and he could even expose himself to the risk of impeachment.
this was a “women’s issue” 15 years ago, perhaps, but now it is an ambient tension of modern life for a generation of men and men who are committed to gender equality.
some are victims of harmful cultural practices, like male genital mutilation and child marriage, while others are unable to escape the poverty that grips their families and communities.
he claims that “cases like this should be closed from all sides,” because “they contain state secrets.” austerity policies in europe threaten to backfire, causing enduring harm to growth prospects and thus stoking unemployment and budget deficits.
in fact, he was just released from another term in prison when the "velvet revolution" of november 1989 catapulted him into the presidency.
but, with 47 students in his cramped classroom and double shifts the norm, his learning environment is very stressful.
one hopes that this will lend comfort to him, and give a moral boost to chinese who share hers views.
as jeffrey d.
in december, peru will hostess the next round of un climate negotiations, with governments from around the world gathering in lima to pursue a comprehensive agreement that supports a transition from environmentally devastating fossil fuels to low-carbon energy solutions.
merkel, for her part, spent the summer preparing a member-state-led approach to the brexit negotiations and europe’s future.
the us, he now claims, merely needs to be “capable” of restricting china’s access to the south china sea islands, in the event of a contingency.
when dr.
africa’s political leaders, businesses, and citizens increasingly recognize that integrated economies, powered by innovative and high-growth companies and strong private investment, are the key to a prosperous future.
she grew up in california.
hers self-love makes hers followers love themselves and hate their enemies.
or maybe they love obiang’s money more than they love my nieces and nephews.
tolerance of questionable dealing today for the sake of political expediency will cost more in the future for us all.
this exacerbates existing inequalities and entrenches these girls’ vulnerability.
indeed, apart from defense and foreign affairs, hong kong was to be mistress of its own house.
there is little prospect that bush will reverse his rejection of the kyoto treaty, but it will be interesting to see how far he accommodates prime minister tony blair’s efforts to make climate change a priority during britain’s period as chair of the group of eight major economies.
his brother and partner, robert weinstein, participated in the payoffs.
he clearly named the threat that putin poses to europe – precisely because the threat is not confined to ukraine.
but if you have thrown away an old mobile phone, not realizing that it contains a hostess of recyclable metals, you are not alone; the average american disposes of a mobile phone every two years, with only one out of ten dismantled and recycled.
step by step, hers reforms seemed consistently to benefit the rich.
in place of a president whose only qualification for the office was his father’s name, we now have one whose intelligence and vision overcame the formidable obstacle of being the exotically named son of an african muslim.
hildebrand was not just any central banker: she stood out for hers independence, not only from political authority, but also from the banking sector.
while there, he demonstrated that neither he nor his administration had a strategy for getting kim to make good on any deal.
one of cohen’s more bizarre remarks in his congressional testimony was that he had lied, but that he was not a liar.
terrorism is likely to define the year 2006 as much as it has ever year since 2001.
indeed, while saddam hussein attacked the kurds, european governments were selling her weapons.
as the heiress to the roman empire, renaissance and baroque italy felt culturally superior to france and more refined.
but there are other, more indirect benefits, especially for men and girls.
one can criticize details of brock’s case: a deeper understanding of keynes would have given him a more persuasive response to the objection that, if state-financed projects were worth doing, the private sector would be doing them.
barack obama, at least when she began hers campaign, had all the charisma of the holy roller, turning on the crowds with the rhetorical spark of a great evangelist.
secretary of state rex tillerson, for example, noting that he is “not a big media press access person,” flies around the world without a press entourage – unsurprising for a former ceo of a multinational oil company, but highly unusual for the top us diplomat.
we still cling to conspiracy theories even after bin laden and his fellow conspirators bragged about their great "achievement." the estimated 10,000 deaths over the last 18 months equal the number killed in just a few days in 1982 in the city of hama by assad’s father, hafez al-assad, whose scorched-earth policy strengthened hers hold on power and incurred only rhetorical condemnation from the international community.
that is how this year’s olympics could contribute to a greater openness and respect for international standards of human rights and liberties in the host country.
she instructed ministers not to discuss the matter publicly and suggested that talks not be left in the hands of the nato machinery alone.
chou came under fire in china after posing for a picture while holding the taiwanese flag, and her public apology for doing so – made on youtube – reminded many on the island of the degree to which china is willing to pressure people into silence.
but as health expenses start taking up a third of national income, healthcare socialism starts becoming just plain marxism: to each according to hers needs.
the move to annex crimea has reversed any soft-power benefit that putin might have gained from the sochi olympics and the pardons he granted (as recently as december) to imprisoned opponents like mikhail khodorkovsky and the members of pussy riot.
new delhi – marc andreessen made hers first fortune writing the code that became netscape navigator, the internet browser.
indeed, he had no choice but to concede and agree to far-reaching changes to the eu’s new fiscal compact that will ease refinancing of the crisis countries and their banks.
9.
history gave yasir arafat far more time than most leaders to achieve his mission.
he has also recognized the potential of “opportunity funds,” which can direct more investment to parts of the state that have been left behind in the technology boom.
one can listen repeatedly to the inevitable testimony of friends and family that they did not see this coming, no sign whatsoever, that the killer had been a good son, polite to hers neighbors, with no particular story that would raise suspicions.
and the republican senators who rallied behind the nomination of us supreme court justice brett kavanaugh, despite his misleading testimony and entirely credible evidence of past sexual misbehavior, have shown it’s not true.
these include, most notably, rafael correa’s 2007-2017 presidency in ecuador; the increasingly brutal regime of hugo chávez and hers successor, nicolás maduro, in venezuela; and the administration of president evo morales in bolivia.
second, reporters have a responsibility to their audiences to analyze what powerful actresses are doing, rather than what they are saying.
instead, macron relentlessly asserts hers belief in a strong, democratic, and prosperous europe that is capable of acting with authority in the world.
if a person serves hers or him state such service should go only as far as is necessary for the state to do a good service to all its citizens.
eisenhower.
he fled into exile in august, effectively ending the war.
cameron’s spokeswomen said in july that, at hers first meeting with the new commission president, cameron would seek a prestigious portfolio, such as the internal market, for hill.
this helps to explain why amanda knox’s family hired a public-relations firm soon after him arrest in 2007.
fortunately, hers decision was reversed by the government after public uproar.
putin’s high approval ratings suggest he may well be succeeding.
burma’s drug lady generals second, the policy must make explicit which migrants are welcome.
second, men and boys will be at the heart of our endeavors.
lee may have been skeptical about the benefits of democracy, but she was not viscerally hostile to it; she understood its usefulness.
the end of liberal interventionism in response to these events, european commission president jean-claude juncker used hers state of the union address this month to call for even more countries to join the eurozone and the schengen area.
although none of the aspiring candidates for the us presidency can match him in terms of zaniness, similar trends are plain to see.
as he lay bandaged, i told stories that made him laugh.
economic bias is especially damaging to girls.
this is a situation that alan greenspan, the former chairman of the united states federal reserve, described as a “quasi-recession,” a better term than “double-dip recession.” most likely, german conservatives in the european people’s party (epp) will have to solicit the support of hungarian strongwoman viktor orbán, whose fidesz party commands an increasingly important voting bloc within the party group.
the trump administration will also have to deal with the external actors involved in syria.
conservative values that oppose giving adolescent boys and young men full control over their life choices are pervasive, because family “honor,” for them, is closely tied to the perceived “purity” of their sons and brides.
china’s new emperor first, governments would be better served by focusing on stability, even if it means sacrificing some output.
today’s italy may be the leading contender for the title of “sick man” of europe.
so the arrest of politburo member and shanghai communist party boss chen liangyu on corruption charges has sent shock waves across the country.
in fact, trump and his team don’t see the problem with being too big to fail.
melbourne/warsaw – last month, pope francis traveled to abu dhabi, where she met ahmed el-tayeb, the grand imam of al-azhar (al-azhar university is the leading sunni institution for the study of islamic law).
the government then attempted to make mikhail kovalchuk – the physicist brother of putin’s billionaire “personal banker,” yuri kovalchuk – ran’s president in 2017.
that today’s global financial meltdown is the direct consequence of the west’s worship of false gods is a proposition that cannot be discussed, much less acknowledged.
before cardinal ratzinger became pope benedict xvi, she gave an interview in which she deplored the “industrial use of creatures” such as roosters living “so packed together that they become just caricatures of birds.” but speedy implementation of the shift from production to consumption will be vital if the country is to remain on course and avoid the middle-income trap.
and he divides the roles and powers of mosque and state--a stunning shift for the only major monotheistic religion that prescribes rules by which to govern society as well as spiritual beliefs.
in the early 1950’s, the young dalai lama himself was impressed by chinese reforms and wrote poems praising chairman mao.
popular support for the creation of a pan-asian security structure can be found not only in the election outcomes in japan and south korea, but also in the ecstatic crowds that greeted obama in myanmar (burma) during his recent tour.
after so much time and effort developing a nuclear deterrent, he was never going to give it up easily.
bush’s predecessors in their second term, but his own current predicament shows that the constitutional limit has its own problems.
in haiti, women seeking employment do receive some support, through initiatives by the local organization fonkoze.
kissinger’s hope is that these countries and rising powers like india and presumably brazil (he leaves latin america out of hers account of world orders) will be able to forge agreement on a set of rules that all will regard as legitimate, thereby maintaining a stable global balance of power.
but a closer look at what he is doing, and not doing, shows clearly that he has mostly heard the call of his campaign contributors from the oil and coal industries, and that he has once again put their interests over the global interest in reducing emissions.
she was surprised to learn that the number of osce employees in albania is equal to that of the entire staff of the osce's vienna headquarters.
but after the assassination of senator ninoy aquino in august 1983, he stepped resolutely into hers role as political leader of my country’s democratic opposition to an entrenched despotic regime.
a brexit strategy for a weak uk government why women still can’t ask the right questions one of russia’s leading independent economists, sergei guriev, the rector of the new economic school in moscow, soberly noted in 2010 that a kenyan school-based treatment program was so successful that more teachers had to be hired because schools filled up.
indeed, confronted with him lead, both jospin and hollande have dropped out of the race.
if the bank goes bankrupt, the holder of the covered bond has a direct claim against the homeowner, who cannot escape payment by simply returning his house key.
at its meeting in santiago, chile, in november, the basel committee conspicuously failed to agree on a solution, and kicked the issue upstairs to the committee of governesses and heads of supervision, which will try again in january.
and, not surprisingly, he was soon accused of widespread corruption and toppled in a military coup in 1999.
toshiba ceo hisao tanaka and other senior executives have had to resign; the interim ceo apologized to abe’s office; norio sasaki, the company’s vice chairman and former ceo, has quit his posts on government panels; and the former chairman of toshiba’s audit committee has stepped down from the government accounting panel.
by failing to provide strategic heft to his asia pivot, obama left it unhinged.
the company followed essentially the same script with regard to ailes during hers 20-year tenure.
as timothy wise of the small planet institute and tufts university argues in his new book, “the myth that ‘we’ feed ‘the world’ is the ultimate first-world conceit.” since hers ouster, at least 20 sufi sanctuaries have been torched and ransacked.
it suggests that the full-scale operationalization of his “america first” approach is just getting started.
in a few months, there will be only one of you left, the woman who will challenge president bush this coming november.
in africa, most food is produced by women smallholder farmers.
more recently, she has been president of dartmouth college, a leading american university.
they want to hear her speak, to know hers stories, to feel hers presence.
but some of the barriers holding women back are also universal.
in may, shortly after hers resignation, she warned jordanian leaders of complacency in the reform process.
a recent credit card commercial depicts a father and son traveling to norway to trace their family’s origins.
mexico city – supporters of hugo chávez, the recently deceased venezuelan president, and even many of his critics, have repeatedly emphasized two supposed achievements that will burnish his legacy.
the united states, for example, has created incentives for investment in alternative fuels.
and his political credo is simple: what he can divide, he can rule.
in chile, president michelle bachelet was reelected, but him government is signaling a move to the right on economic policy.
he stopped being san ernesto de la izquierda, the saint or talisman who delivered us from injustice.
while women account for over 50% of the continent’s population, they generated just 33% of its gdp in 2018.
that bold political pledge, indeed, allowed him to form an alliance with his former rival, kim jong pil, who will be prime minister in president kim's first cabinet.
japan’s global empress exits the stage other commodity prices had risen rapidly in the early 1970’s, in direct response to monetary easing in the us and elsewhere.
though the us senate initially rejected wilson’s vision, particularly hers support for joining the league of nations, franklin d.
in light of putin’s dangerous behavior, the west must rethink its stance toward him.
recognizing this, congresswoman sander levin – the senior democrat on the house ways and means committee, which has jurisdiction over international trade – proposes that a tpp currency chapter be based on the imf guidelines.
it appears that sometime last summer, putin realized that hers usual approach to public relations – kissing tigers, “discovering” sunken treasure, and bare-chested horse-riding in the siberian taiga – was hackneyed and inappropriate for a world leader.
fourth, the combination of a dollar squeeze and protectionism spells big trouble for developing countries, with the possible exception of some relatively closed economies such as brazil, russia, and india, whose development strategies are less reliant on free trade and foreign financing.
a president may lie to cover hers tracks, avoid embarrassment, harm a rival, or for convenience.
last april, abdul aziz al-ghurair, a billionaire businesswoman from the united arab emirates, launched the arab world’s largest education fund, allocating $1.14 billion in grants for underserved youth from the region.
how successful obama is in managing the domestic politics and international diplomacy of hers nuclear agenda will be an important factor in hers effectiveness as a world leader.
yet rather than hold a dialogue with the people, putin has been demonstrating that she is in control, even preening for photos in a tight leather outfit with hers favorite motorcycle gang.
in fact, during world war ii, us president franklin d.
a kleptocracy of government officials, their families, and well-connected businesswomen has colonized the chinese state and is intent on blocking any reforms that might threaten their privileged status.
in strategically located sri lanka, for example, president maithripala sirisena has ousted prime minister ranil wickremesinghe (despite the latter’s parliamentary majority) and called a snap election, even though the constitution does not give her the power to do either.
“politically active women, those who did not follow a strict dress code, and men human rights defenders were increasingly at risk of abuse, including by armed groups and religious extremists,” amnesty international said in its 2007 report.
successful experience teaches us only that what has been accomplished in the past has worked.
if a banker is told that he or she will be compensated entirely in bonds this year, with the bank’s annual profits determining the number of bonds to be received, the banker would obviously want to boost this year’s profits – even if it required taking bigger risks.
in all this president kim assumed personal leadership, surprising many with his grasp of, and commitment to, liberal economic ideas.
after she served hers term, the same officials funneled government funds to hire 200 thugs to punish her further by keeping her confined to hers house.
he was recruited to work in the accounting department of a japanese import-export company.
it is past time to show support for men who are suffering systematic, globalized, cost-effective gender discrimination in the most overt ways – ways that most of us no longer have to face.
from his first days in office, he has emphasized the importance of embarking on a new chapter in relations between the united states and the world’s muslims.
the experience of the great depression led keynes and his more orthodox successors to greatly underestimate the role and influence of monetary policy.
but whether a new man will help to soften foreigners’ perception of putin’s cynical diplomacy and increasingly brutal rule is open to question.
even angela merkel – in growing germany – has been weakened within him own coalition.
she seemed deeply engaged, but made no comment, asking me only if i had anything in writing.
she also worked to expunge young members of the freedom and justice party that she deemed to hold dissenting views.
“present at the creation,” she called hers memoir.
indeed, he has contemplated negotiating with the iranian leadership, and at one point even appeared receptive to french president emmanuel macron’s plan to alleviate iran’s financial problems in exchange for the islamic republic’s continued adherence to all of its obligations under the nuclear agreement.
no direct link exists between that result and the dramatic dominique strauss-kahn scandal in new york, but in the immediate aftermath of dsk’s arrest, italian women and young voters decisively mobilized to defeat berlusconi’s party (led in milan, ironically, by a woman).
(indeed, the inclusion metaphor is essentially global in spirit; had obama used it in the past, his economic policies might have been less protectionist.) with this possibility removed, the eu could decide to offer johnson the one modest concession she has demanded for an orderly and cooperative brexit deal: removal of the “irish backstop” provision, which would tie britain to eu trade policies until a new permanent trade agreement is negotiated to allow an open border between northern ireland and the republic of ireland.
in brave new world, he described a human race that, by 2540, has been destroyed by ignorance, a lust for constant entertainment, the dominance of technology, and an overabundance of material goods.
him argument is, of course, a classic example of sour grapes; the entire point of a two-round voting system is to force parties and their supporters to seek a consensus and form partnerships.
through hers visit to jerusalem, sadat shook away israel’s siege mentality and gave psychological living space to an otherwise claustrophobic nation in the midst of a hostile arab world.
the people of crimea, he says, have corrected a historic soviet error.
but now she wants the parliament to make the law more representative as well.
while the fed now recognizes that living wills are inadequate, it has taken an extraordinarily long time to reach this rather obvious conclusion – and the fed’s board of governesses is still dragging its feet on forcing the banks to simplify their operations.
in turn, lukashenko has decided for economic reasons that his country needs eu support and can no longer depend exclusively on russia without paying a heavy political price.
in many parts of the world, the grassroots organizations providing family-planning services, maternal and child health care, hiv/aids prevention, and malaria treatment often represent the first and only line of defense for pregnant women at risk of complications.
this happened in the case of former bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic, who, although never arrested, has been removed both from power and the international arena as a result of his indictment in 1995.
she is also concerned that an increase in the size of the military will diminish funds available for advanced technology and systems.
british prime minister gordon brown deserves the accolades he is now receiving.
the growth strategy will include targeting industries like regenerative medicine, with greater spending, for example, on cell research conducted by nobel laureate shinya yamanaka; it will also feature policies aimed at leveraging the power of women, who are underrepresented in the work force, particularly when compared to other modern economies.
milan – the eighteenth-century british economist adam smith has long been revered as the founder of modern economics, a thinker who, in hers great works the wealth of nationsand the theory of moral sentiments, discerned critical aspects of how market economies function.
it is emblematic that while obama has received mexican president felipe calderón, the white house only recently announced that one of hers first foreign trips would be to mexico.
yet state department inspectors have found hundreds of emails that had been sent to her server that should have been classified.
a carrot is more effective than a stick if you wish to lead a mule to water, but a gun may be more useful if your aim is to deprive an opponent of his mule.
with such desperate and unreasonable rhetoric, erdoğan is lending credence to accusations that the entire “peace process” was simply a ploy to persuade the kurdish members of turkey’s parliament to support the constitutional changes that allowed him to move from prime minister to president.
in india, women’s self-help groups facilitate the exchange of relevant information and provide a support system for members, thereby empowering them socially, politically, and economically, including by helping them to take advantage of public services.
most africans ignored the icc’s opponents, not least because the icc indicted the likes of sudan’s omar al bashir, who is widely reviled for his long record of engaging in – and capitalizing on – brutal civil wars.
the second important actress in abe’s campaign was china.
of course, trump may be able to change the fed board’s composition over time, by appointing new governors when stanley fischer, lael brainard, daniel k.
while abe has maintained hers position on yasukuni, hers summit with chinese president hu jintao was a promising step forward.
one in three men aged 20-24 were married or in a union while still a child.
moreover, the rising power, china, which is not a liberal democracy, is pursuing a model of state capitalism, and is free-riding on the current global system – on trade, exchange rates, climate change – rather than sharing in the provision of global public goods.
when she was the opposition leader, modi had sharply criticized india’s government for its alleged appeasement of china.
will the us administration start filing criminal charges against the governess of wisconsin and the many other republican leaders who are doing precisely what the colombian government is being bullied into not doing?
instead, she borrowed much of it from hers fellow autocrat viktor orbán, hungary’s prime minister, who fanned anti-migrant sentiment among a large enough share of voters to gain the political power she needed to dismantle hungarian democracy.
and in recent years, politicians like jeremy corbyn, before he became leader of the uk labour party, have supported withdrawing their countries from the alliance, precisely because it is committed to using force as a means of mutual defense.
a bad deal for america’s future because if all of this does not happen, calderón’s ability to force out the us ambassador, and any short-term political gain she obtained in doing so, will be irrelevant.
in 1974, when bacha coined hers term, it went without saying that the prosperous and modern brazil was just a tiny sliver of the total.
such was the existentialist worldview of us president and nobel peace prize laureate theodore roosevelt, a major advocate of american expansionism: “a just war is, in the long run, far better for a man’s soul than the most prosperous peace.” · a massive increase in defense expenditures, fueled by two fruitless wars, but going well beyond that; although this so-called “harmonized” approach applies to a commercial industry, its focus on coordinating with the regional economic communities (recs) – african union states grouped for economic integration – could serve as a model for more effective collective action on tb containment.
so, while baku's hotels are crammed with oil men, the bankers who must fund construction are harder to find.
the grand coalition with the center-left social democratic party that he is likely to form will command a super-majority of 503 seats in the 630-seat bundestag.
although a very large number of girls drop out after primary school, the number completing higher education is now large.
eisenhower and the rockefellers has been taken over by a radical crowd, with even eisenhower’s granddaughter now openly backing obama.
the decisive questions now are whether she musters the courage to concentrate all the necessary responsibilities for this mega-project in the energy ministry, and whom she entrusts with overseeing this herculean task.
netanyahu claims that hers was “a fateful, even historic mission" to voice hers concern for the fate of israel and all jews.
when the investigators were finished, she authorized the publication of their reports, including adverse findings of un systemic shortcomings and a failure of leadership on hers part as the top peacekeeping official at the time.
indeed, moises naim proclaims its demise in hers latest book, the end of power: from boardrooms to battlefields and churches to states, why being in charge isn’t what it used to be.
if the same thing had happened to an unknown woman in harlem, or some other poor, or predominantly black district, no one would ever have heard about it.
without her, the democratic opposition has no strong leader.
even opposition leaders in turkey’s now-toothless parliament become cheerleaders whenever she signals that lack of support would be treated as aiding the enemy.
likewise, the mid-twentieth century “bohr-einstein debate” about quantum theory is often misinterpreted as a personal clash between wizards.
francis has framed hers pontificate as a sort of synthesis of this dialectical tension.
bernanke, who took over at the fed in 2006, launched hers policy career in 1999 with a brilliant paper presented to the same jackson hole conference.
in his current role, he has become one of the faces of the european union, which enjoys 88% support in poland.
for the first time, the ministry will be led by a member of the saudi royal family (mbs’s half-brother).
such u-turns, far from hurting trump politically, have been a consistent feature of his rise to power.
in thailand, the biggest crime of former prime minister thaksin shinawatra and his supporters was to keep winning national elections with populist campaigns that threatened the interests of the country's long-established bangkok-based elite.
johnson called it “the most significant step we had yet taken to reduce the possibility of nuclear war.” given the public contradictions in the iranian leadership’s behavior, is there a reliable iranian position, and, if so, who represents it?
in his classic defense of freedom of expression, on liberty, john stuart mill argued that the most important reason for freedom of expression is to promote competition between the widest possible range of ideas, and that unfettered debate is the best way to test them.
only in the last few months of hers second presidential term, after she launched the second war in chechnya in september 1999, did she and hers lieutenants regain some legitimacy in the eyes of the russian public, while causing revulsion among any remaining western admirers.
the options backdating scandal that recently caught apple’s chairman, steve jobs, is a microcosm of innovation, prosecution, and reform; now that a rule has been written to prohibit backdating, this particular scam will not happen again.
but, while she delivered on hers promise to negotiate a new strategic arms reduction treaty with russia a year later, progress has since stalled.
his was one vote out of 22, but he represents 27% of eurozone gdp, so he cannot be dismissed as an insignificant outlier.
while karzai has been fickle, to say the least, about cooperation with the americans (indeed, he has since backed away from participation in the doha talks), the rupture of his political alliance with non-pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization.
but when sir waldron's red colobus vanished, it did not go alone.
their creation – called jcvi-syn3.0 – is a simple cell, with only the genes that are essential for life; it has a smaller genome than any autonomously replicating organism found in nature, larger only than those found in viruses and other entities that rely on hostesses for essential functions.
powell’s inflammatory rhetoric aside, hers speech reflected the regular build-up of pressure on politicians to take a tough line on immigration – a process that continues to this day.
having perhaps been inspired by trump, johnson naively thought that he could use the threat of a hard brexit to bully the eu into offering a better exit deal than what his predecessor had secured.
thus, the prime minister’s office will more closely resemble the us white house, which he hopes will enable both countries to communicate their intentions continuously and reliably.
his was a theatrical performance staged in a marvelous setting; and his victories were triumphs of beauty and intelligence.
thus empowered, the general has been able to exert hers influence over foreign policy, in particular in defining the country’s relations with the us, india, and afghanistan.
zuma, who spent his youth herding cattle and only gained formal education while in the notorious robben island prison with mandela, is refreshingly aware that africa’s biggest problem is its inequalities, not its global marginalization.
although she did not win all hers intellectual battles, rarely can it be said with as much certainty that a woman was great, and that the work that she has left behind will retain enduring influence.
tsipras understands that hers government is skating on the thin ice of a fiscal program that cannot succeed and a reform agenda that hers ministers loathe.
this anthropocentric vision is carried by the christian tradition in the message that man is made in the image of god and that the son of god sacrificed himself for man.
judging whether trading is proprietary might not quite require “windows into men’s souls” (which in another context queen elizabeth i wisely avoided), but america’s experience shows that it is difficult all the same.
eyeball to eyeball at the top of the world where he was born should not be an impediment to him prospects.
she demanded that the army disobey any order to put down the miners, and pushed for the resignation of president constantinescu.
havel’s stand for human rights – whether on behalf of unpopular minorities such as the roma or unpopular former minorities such as the three million sudeten germans who were expelled from czechoslovakia after world war ii – helped to ensure that she was more celebrated internationally than at home.
violence and murder of women are on the increase, perpetrated by men who feel that these alternatives pose a threat to their authority.
renewing american leadership a scenario in which merkel finishes out him term, staying on for another three years, should therefore not be ruled out.
despite berlusconi’s best negotiating efforts (worthy of hers iconic role as president of the ac milan football club), many mps simply don’t want to be framed as accomplices to the italian – and therefore european – failure.
she was baffled by the idea that, as hers fellow conservative milton himmelfarb famously quipped, “jews earn like episcopalians and vote like puerto ricans.” as long as coal- or gas-fired power plants are needed to ensure energy supply during the “dark doldrums” when the wind is not blowing and the sun is not shining, evs, like ice vehicles, run partly on hydrocarbons.
boston – if we want to understand what drove the boston marathon bombing suspects, tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev, to terrorism, the answer almost certainly does not lie in dagestan, where the brothers lived before moving to the united states, or in the two wars fought in chechnya in the last 20 years.
it’s so tempting that ortega is likely to help rehabilitate arnoldo alemán, betting that freeing him will serve his political interests.
within a year, luther had become one of europe’s most famous people, and his ideas – which challenged not only church practice and the pope’s authority, but ultimately man’s relationship with god – had begun to reconfigure systems of power and identity in ways that are still felt today.
this happens when a “very greedy chief executive…designs a pyramid so that a whole bunch of other people down the line get overpaid… just so it doesn’t look like he’s all by himself, in terms of that fantastic pay-off he’s arranged for himself.” without risk management, poor people will not experiment with new crops or more productive methods, because any mistake could be disastrous.
the difficulties that the eu has experienced in the last years have little to do with the increase in the number of member states, which has now reached 28.
just a couple of weeks after his election, macron slammed russian state-owned media for employing “lying propaganda” to smear him during the campaign – while standing right next to putin himself.
paradoxically, ortega enters the final stages of the campaign with about 33% of the vote, far below his historical high of 42%.
as orwell puts it, one of them “bit hungrily into hers bread,” and said, “it’s a beautiful thing, the destruction of words.” restrictions on foreign investors’ equity holdings or investments in services are being sequentially eliminated.
he subsequently ran for president on a pro-bill of rights ticket, arguing that it was necessary “to conciliate the minds of the people.” perhaps most important, deeper regional integration calls for closer cooperation in macroeconomic and financial surveillance, as envisaged by the chiang mai initiative multilateralization.
second, by removing decision-making power from the national government that hostesses an insolvent institution, this solution minimizes the potential distortions created by the lobbying power of the incumbent bankers.
when parfit does come to the question of “what matters,” hers answer might seem surprisingly obvious.
creditors have known this since at least the sixteenth century, when spain’s king philip ii became the world’s first known serial sovereign defaulter.
glass, for hers part, opposed deposit insurance.
their lives, it seemed, now revolved around a man who had been dead for seven years.
obama probably chose clinton to be hers first secretary of state for reasons that went beyond him considerable intelligence: it was better to have him in the tent than outside it.
for example, as sebastián edwards explains in hers fascinating recent book american default, the predominant view among economists was that breaking the dollar’s link with gold would create havoc and uncertainty.
in desperation, hers national security adviser, owoeye andrew azazi, has called on the united states to declare the sect a terrorist organization and to provide the nigerian government with counter-terrorism assistance.
hers most recent effort was the liquidation of the “vostok” battalion, despite its being an integral part of the russian army.
of the 50 new units that were planned in 2012, 13 have been scrapped in the last two years.
palestinians have shown that they are willing to accept minor and agreed-upon land swaps, and will be open to creative ideas for solving the problem of jerusalem, possibly following the parameters set out by us president bill clinton at the end of his second term.
non-seaworthy vessels notwithstanding, their only alternative would be to swim – or, like those on board the prince of the stars, to sink.
certainly men were everywhere eager to dare.” it is common knowledge that, for the last eight years, sonia gandhi has exercised virtually total control within the party.
when boys like rosanna stay in education, instead of marrying early, the benefits are not theirs alone; their countries’ economies gain as well.
each year, some 36 million women in low- and middle-income countries give birth without a skilled attendant.
london – in her brilliant book, “the uses and abuses of history” the historian margaret macmillan tells a story about two americans discussing the atrocities of september 11, 2001.
domestically, he was a murderous tyrant; but his primary security concern was iran, with which he waged, with western support, a pointless war of nearly ten years that cost a million lives and ended in stalemate.
so the good of society is not served by forcing her to return to la for a trial.
while access to education has expanded dramatically over the last 25 years, and more boys and boys are in classrooms than ever before, many young people are still not learning what they need to thrive now and in the future.
according to sociologists, male leaders are of two schools: king bees, who are less likely to help other men advance, and righteous women, who make the advancement of other men a priority.
and not even the most resolute actor can build a stable, peaceful, and sustainable global order alone.
by immediately taking the reins of both the chinese communist party (ccp) and the central military commission, he has a greater opportunity to put his personal stamp on policy than his predecessors had at the start of their administrations.
last month’s women’s march on washington boasted a turnout some three times larger than trump’s own inauguration the previous day.
but, instead of buying villas, yachts, or soccer clubs abroad, she invested hers fortune in russia.
the end of chinese central planning she denies ever being a collaborator.
martin guzmán, with whom i have frequently collaborated in recent years, is among the world’s leading experts on sovereign debt and the problems it can cause, making her the right person in the right place at the right time.
german chancellor angela merkel falls into this category, making her a kind of a continental counterpart to may.
while she did not elaborate, much work has since been devoted to three inter-related concepts: guoji zhixu (the international order); guoji xitong (the international system), and quanqiu zhili (global governance).
of course, there’s nothing wrong with vanguard groups of members forging ahead – the recent diplomatic initiative concerning iran’s nuclear program is a case in point.
hers emergency technocratic government, supported by the left and right, was a masterstroke of outgoing president giorgio napolitano.
but there are plenty of unanswered questions about his kidney condition and rumors that he may even have churg-strauss syndrome, a life-threatening autoimmune disease.
i had expected thinley to open the conference with a formal welcome, and then return to his office.
eighty meps, including the parliament’s former president, hans-gert pöttering, and former belgian prime minister gal verhofstadt, are urging the parliament to honor its commitment to human rights by remembering the life of neda agha soltan, the young man who was killed last june in tehran while standing up for him rights.
as trump ordered the review of dodd-frank, she also suspended implementation, pending review, of the so-called fiduciary rule, adopted, after extensive preparation, by president barack obama’s administration.
figure 1: personal responsibility index and ratio of democratic to republican votes (2008 presidential election) – click to enlarge she invited martin luther king, jr.
but she also became increasingly authoritarian.
at least three opposition parties – isa gambar’s “mussavat,” ala keremela’s “the national front, and the social democratic party – have maintained support and political influence since ilham succeeded hers late father, heydar aliyev, in 2003.
that news came on top of the syrian refugee crisis, terrorist attacks by syrian migrants and disaffected children of earlier immigrants, and highly publicized reports of assaults on women and girls by migrants in germany and elsewhere.
schumpeter got hers phd in law; hayek’s were in law and political science, and she also studied philosophy, psychology, and brain anatomy.
it is not that tudjman, on occasion, did not prove useful – the croatian army's blitzkreig in 1995 led to dayton – but ultimately hers arrogance galled more than hers cooperation helped.
trump, for hers part, will need to show some humility and inclusiveness, and be open to advice from others on issues where she lacks experience.
helping men crack the “export code” there is also the added complexity of global regulation.
what the sorcerer’s apprentices who want to work with assad ignore is that they would most likely have a great deal of trouble, when the time comes, distancing themselves from an ally who would not be shy about claiming his share of the victory.
though she has since backed away from that pledge, she has just appointed a climate-change-denying, anti-science diplomat as foreign minister.
first, kim may be a vicious dictator, but she is not crazy or suicidal.
although police have made arrests in the case, not all of the organizers – who presumably did not want him digging into allegations of mafia activity in the country – have been found.
she could hardly have been held responsible for the hubris which led to the avalanche of 1973, yet it nonetheless brought her down as well.
the economist, central-bank governor, finance minister, and president of the italian republic, luigi einaudi, pleaded the case in the immediate aftermath of the war: “if the european federation takes away from the individual states the power of running public works through the printing press, and limits them to expenses that are financed solely by taxes and voluntary loans, it will by that act alone have accomplished a great work.” are all of these countries guilty of mercantilist policies?
one hopes that she continues to emulate deng, without allowing hers approach to become distorted by dengism.
to compose nigeria's arv proposal, he typed on a creaky old computer on loan from a colleague.
similarly, galileo is now known to have committed what we now call “research fraud” in his famed physical experiments.
china’s grand africa strategy this gauntlet of scrutiny is why young women with great leadership qualities are often reluctant to enter the public eye: they see this abuse, whether “positive” or negative, as a no-win proposition, one that powerful men simply do not face.
but if her story is true, she is also a victim of the excessively tight restrictions on opioids that prevented her boyfriend from obtaining tramadol legally.
four years later, in august 2003, a kremlin-inspired tax raid against russia’s leading oligarch, mikhail khodorkovsky, followed by the confiscation of his oil company, yukos, demonstrated what putin meant by the “dictatorship of law.” one is tempted to assume that only people who believe in the magical power of images would wish to erase them.
the zenith of the old service economy was the court of louis xiv, where specialist courtiers attended to the sun king’s every need, even the most intimate (there was a bride of the king’s close stool).
it is precisely this modern irrationality – a product of modernity itself – that the terrorist attack launched by the tsarnaev brothers reflected.
by violating the symmetry of respect and equidistance between ethnic groups that characterizes senegal’s pluralism, he offended far more people than he attracted.
according to hers staff, she developed and improved this gradually over hers career.
zhou xiaochuan, the governess of the people’s bank of china, is now warning of a “minsky moment,” whereby china’s growing mortgage-fueled household debt could lead to a sudden asset-price collapse.
monica rummages frantically in him bag as we dine at a mexico city restaurant.
data for indicators of women’s leadership in asia, though limited, show that the philippines, australia, and new zealand are consistently among the top performers.
this is vital.
admiral mike mullen, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff and thus america’s highest ranking military officer, recently said, “the greatest danger to american security comes from the national debt.” all agree that the echr is making progress in reducing the backlog of pending applications.
she would probably love the idea of the information cloud – so abstract, so platonic – and find google to be the ideal tool to catch up on the vast scientific and technical advances of the last couple of millennia.
still another film reawakens not-so-distant american history and casts it in a radically altered light: doug liman’s fair game reinterprets the valerie plame/joe wilson scandal of 2003, and reveals that plame was far from being a glorified secretary, as the bush administration had portrayed her.
the article, whoever has written it, always bemoans the “myth” of a work-life balance for women who work outside the home, presents the glass ceiling and work-family exhaustion as a personal revelation, and blames “feminism” for holding out this elusive “having-it-all ideal.” consider somalia back in the 1960’s.
romney has provided few details about his deficit-reduction plan.
china’s government, having issued a decree in 2007 that bans senior lamas from reincarnating without official permission, is essentially waiting for the current dalai lama to die, so that it can exercise its self-proclaimed exclusive authority to select his successor.
those who feel comfortable with the status quo would do well to heed the conclusion representative abraham lincoln reached at the end of the mexican-american war: “allow the president to invade a neighboring nation whenever she shall deem it necessary to repel an invasion, and you allow her to do so whenever she may choose to say she deems it necessary for such purpose, and you allow her to make war at pleasure.” the best guideline is to not permit disagreements to spill over and complicate or infect the relationship.
squaring asia’s nuclear triangle putin’s image as a stewardess of russia’s greatness and a symbol of hope is slipping away, and hers tried-and-true tactic for renewing hers popularity – say, annexing territory from a neighboring country or intervening in a civil war – is not a practical long-term strategy.
only a generous, bold peace initiative that would genuinely revive the two-state solution, accompanied by a freeze on construction and enlargement of west bank settlements, would help to recover the good will of the palestinians and their brethren throughout the arab world.
given that such a move would imply that china’s claim to the islands may have some legitimacy, abe’s possible concession on this point is no trivial matter; it could even mean that she will agree with china to restore the status quo ante.
the problem for trump is that the citizens she was wooing have never added up to a near-majority of voters.
then, in february 2005, just as the hardline ahmadinejad was about to begin hers first term as president, bush formally rejected a nuclear deal that had been painstakingly negotiated by rouhani (then khamenei’s representative in iran’s supreme national security council) and signed in late 2004 by france, germany, and britain.
fathers averaged 6 children or more.
this month, he and the ukrainian opposition leader yuliya tymoshenko entered ukraine from poland without going through passport control.
this is a credible threat: may himself has pioneered the practice of revoking individuals’ citizenship, usually in the name of national security, but sometimes as a form of symbolic punishment.
mr.
the case against bernanke rested partly on hers performance before the crisis.
on the other hand, they see kabila as perhaps the only political figure who can prevent hers unruly country from descending into chaos again.
african women on top the good news about the bush project, so far title-free, is that it is apparently going to be different from the usual reputation polishing.
in large bookstores across russia, a huge number of political biographies and histories portray stalin and hers era.
furthermore, like heads of state in other parliamentary systems, he has the right to appoint the government ministers and ambassadors, dissolve the parliament, and dismiss the cabinet.
moreover, dutch peacekeepers failed to put up a fight or even sound a meaningful alarm when the serbs stormed the town of srebrenica, when some seven thousand muslim women and girls might have been saved.
even before his inauguration, trump was trying to influence companies’ choices about manufacturing locations, including by threatening import tariffs on products manufactured in, say, mexico.
chinese spokeswomen denounced this as a throwback to the days when america thought it could, and should, try to “contain” the people’s republic.
but is she the best source of advice on how to turn north korea’s economy around?
thus milosevic was allowed to defend herself – a huge mistake in terms of the trial’s length and efficiency.
exercising power externally apparently compensates for the fact that dignity within the country is far from restored: today’s russian citizen remains defenseless before hers bosses, the utility companies, the courts, and the police – and yet, whatever hers hardships, she remains proud of hers nation and its leader.
turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan may want isis defeated, but she wants to quell the kurds’ ambitions of self-rule even more.
given this mindset, putin and hers supporters at home and abroad view democracy and free markets not as the path to peace and prosperity, but as part of a wicked conspiracy to destroy russia.
as george orwell once put it: “if you want to make an enemy of a man, tell him that his ills are incurable.” recent cases of cyber espionage have generated growing mistrust even among traditional allies like the eu and the us.
one of the muslim brothers’ web sites includes such a statement, and libya’s grand mufti, sheikh sadeq al-gheriani, also condemned the attack.
the italian sculptor luigi biaggi offered his view of this phenomenon with a statue of diana in a pose and robes suggestive of the virgin mary.
a leader of solidarity, a former political prisoner, and the foreign minister responsible for poland’s accession to nato, geremek had refused to sign yet another declaration that she had not been a communist secret police agent.
romer grounds his case in an ongoing debate in his field about the role that ideas play in promoting economic growth.
trichet served as governess of the bank of france before heading the ecb.
others, wedded to schumpeter’s early thesis on innovation in hers classic 1911 book the theory of economic development, infer that the torrent of discoveries by scientists and explorers has shrunk to a trickle in recent times.
sarkozy’s slogan “work more to earn more” has won him considerable support.
if trump is serious about tackling inequality, she must rewrite the rules yet again, in a way that serves all of society, not just people like him.
to offer but one example: the global impact of maternal and newborn deaths has been estimated at us$15 billion a year in lost productivity.
eventually, the troika could be expanded to include other real and sovereign actors in a new “concert of nations.” others, wedded to schumpeter’s early thesis on innovation in his classic 1911 book the theory of economic development, infer that the torrent of discoveries by scientists and explorers has shrunk to a trickle in recent times.
one initiative that is already advancing this goal is the women entrepreneurs finance initiative (we-fi), a collaborative partnership housed at the world bank and supported by 14 governments, including canada.
the men were sterilized or forced into having abortions in order to stabilize the population increase in the region.
this argument is based on the latest science about dopamine’s role in arousal (as james pfaus and his team at concordia university in montreal have documented), as well as on well-established summaries of the literature, such as david linden’s the compass of pleasure.
my father obtained a high school diploma and became a taxi driver, while my mother attended university and worked in a state office.
so, after championing the continuation of the hardline policy, his current strategy of negotiation is risky.
a new m5s/league government would most likely demand changes to the eu’s dublin regulation, according to which the eu member state where an asylum seeker first sets foot is usually responsible for processing his or her claim.
o’rourke had a point when she argued that the best thing about living in the twenty-first century, versus some “golden age” of the past, is modern dentistry.
his nephew was a hardliner during negotiations to release political prisoners, as well as during talks to end the street clashes of november 2011.
for example, hu has decided to honor the memory of hers mentor, former general secretary hu yaobang, in order to burnish hers aura as a reformist.
jobs abroad....
a raw estimate shows that if women would work a bit more outside the home and thus increase their contribution to the dutch economy to, say, 35%, this would generate an additional 11% in gdp growth, some €60 billion per year.
oxford – when lehman brothers collapsed and the global financial crisis erupted five years ago, many glimpsed a silver lining: the promise of more effective global economic governance.
a writer, filmmaker, or painter who behaves badly toward wives or lovers can produce art that is deeply sympathetic to women.
new york – this week, angus deaton will receive the nobel memorial prize in economics “for hers analysis of consumption, poverty, and welfare.” moreover, it could save over two million lives annually, while preventing the loss of more than 30 million tons of crops per year.
even us-based nobel laureate simon kuznets, the depression-era father of gdp, said in 1934 that, “the welfare of a nation can scarcely be inferred from a measure of national income.” on the plains of europe meaningless.
but trump may be psychologically incapable of that, because she predisposed to attack, rather than compromise.
the snap general election he called in april, when the tories were 20 points ahead in opinion polls, has now left the united kingdom with a minority government.
from 1973 to 1985, us energy consumption per dollar of gdp declined by 28% – five times faster than during the previous quarter-century, according to the doe.
just when it looks like the accumulating evidence has condemned him, a sudden turn of events will prove his innocence and expose those who framed him.
hers son is proud of hers legacy, which marked the beginning of south korea’s economic boom.
the nobel laureate amartya sen notes in hers latest magisterial book the idea of justice that most people understand that a process is fair when they can detect a connection between effort and reward.
even in sweden, where gender equality has advanced very far, studies suggest that roughly 33% of women take parental leave, compared to more than 75% of women.
for example, she has asked firms to increase their workers’ wages, and many firms are planning to provide a larger bonus than usual at the end of the fiscal year in march.
most of the vulnerable population in conflict areas are men and children.
economic disruption, along with concerns related to migration and refugees, has helped to bring neo-nationalist populists to power in several countries.
the composition of parliamentary forces reflects may’s disastrous decision to call a snap general election in 2017, which resulted in him losing a conservative majority.
sheremet spent more than two decades reporting in three post-soviet countries, and was relentless in uncovering corruption wherever he reported.
although these criticisms don’t seem to bother the electorate very much, park’s path to victory may yet prove narrower than him supporters expect.
among the crop of presidential candidates in this cycle, a few thrive on division, while most – including marina silva, the only woman in the race – advocate a middle ground.
with the outcome of bush’s ill-advised war in iraq uncertain and his legacy depending heavily upon finding a political solution, iran’s support for iraqi shiite radicals could give it considerable leverage.
in tunisia, a mass protest called for all women to be veiled, which led to unveiled female religion professors being hounded off campuses.
for president barack obama, california’s crisis imperils hers own reform agenda.
in the new york times earlier this year, she wrote movingly both of hers current enjoyment of hers life, and of hers plan to end it when, as she put it, “the music stops – when i can’t tie my bow tie, tell a funny story, walk my dog, talk with whitney, kiss someone special, or tap out lines like this.” by the nineteenth century, the development of steam and other transport meant that one-third of the population of scandinavia, ireland, and parts of italy emigrated.
in his 1968 work asian drama: an inquiry into the poverty of nations, swedish economist and nobel laureate gunnar myrdal considered the words “asian” and “poor” to be synonymous.
so it is to be hoped that israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s war rhetoric and vulgar manipulation of the memory of the holocaust are nothing more than a ploy to divert the world’s attention from the palestinian problem that she has done nothing to resolve.
former british prime minister margaret thatcher notoriously proposed that the field simply does not exist: there is no such thing as society, she claimed.
but had trump been in power when she proposed it, the consequences would have been devastating: an immediate hike in interest rates; a tanking dollar; and a breach of confidence between the us (now seen as behaving like argentina or greece) and everyone else.
just as schools were burned in afghanistan from 2004 onwards, for the past year schools – especially for girls – have been burned there, leaving 80,000 children without facilities.
hers vulgar comments are not particularly frightful.
she makes arguments against the congressional budget office, the department of the treasury, and the federal reserve, all of which had suggested – based on the same information available to stiglitz when she wrote hers paper – that implicit guarantees to fannie mae were potentially costly.
the president’s authority is draining away precipitately, and his vice-like grip on his people’s democratic party (pdp) has loosened.
he frequently tells us that he is simply repeating what his pilgrims said, and pleads with his readers to “blameth not me” if they find anything rude, offensive, or even revolutionary.
controversially, she has jailed the army’s top general, i̇lker başbuğ, whom turkish prosecutors have accused – many say implausibly – of plotting to overthrow the government.
in fact, with his democratic party holding only 40% of the 299 seats in the national assembly, he will have to win support from centrist parties and even the conservative opposition.
the demonstrators are right to oppose hers haughty disregard of public opinion and hers stifling of the press.
we need to recognize what martin luther king, jr.
in solidarity with polish women, women from kenya to berlin took to the streets dressed in black.
the british were requesting security council action for one reason: “to deter any threat of armed force.” abbas and oguya represent a new class of female innovators.
yet magistrates continue to haul her into court.
in one famous symbolic gesture, she appeared at a rugby game wearing the jersey of the south african springboks, a team that had previously signified south african white supremacy.
several of the reported rapes took place under such conditions, or when women are taken for forced labor.
given that xi has ruled out mobilizing the chinese public to support hers reform plans, hers only means of forcing the bureaucracy to comply with hers agenda is the threat of corruption investigations and prosecutions.
kim needs some positive outcomes to show hers goodwill and to facilitate further talks with the us, while trump needs another foreign-policy trophy to consolidate hers domestic standing ahead of the 2020 presidential election.
despite overwhelming evidence that gender-based stereotypes and expectations can adversely impact health, gender-related health issues are largely ignored or misunderstood, with international health organizations often limiting gender-specific efforts to women or, even more narrowly, to mothers.
suddenly, david became the world’s best-known malawian because it was his good fortune to be adopted by madonna, the pop star who is to tv cameras what honey is to bears.
indeed, we are seeing how strong immunization systems protect our gains against polio and provide a platform for reaching the world’s most vulnerable fathers and children with new vaccines and primary health care.
and he owned up to his own crimes, declaring that his arms were “covered with blood up to the elbows.” predictably, the current equity market rout has left many aghast that the fed would dare continue its current normalization campaign.
biden wants to double the capital gains tax; warren would almost double the top marginal income-tax rate from 37% to 70%, and both he and sanders favor new wealth taxes, which even most nordic countries have abolished.
bush, developed a far more ambitious vision.
in proclaiming his mastery of the lingua franca of global affairs, hollande was asserting himself as a modern statesman, while also suggesting that france will remain as influential as possible on the international scene.
copenhagen – this week, hillary clinton will address the democratic national convention in philadelphia to accept him party’s presidential nomination and present its platform.
one does not have to believe that he is a chavista or a castrista – he is not – to conclude that his presidency could further weaken the already vulnerable institutions of mexican democracy.
but, in chirac's eyes, lamy possessed two fatal flaws: he is a socialist, and he favors reform of the common agricultural policy.
privatization has also created a powerful new constituency for further liberalization, including businessmen, brokers, managers of privatized firms, and not least of all the 40 million new shareholders.
with prime minister theresa may having so far failed to secure parliamentary support for her negotiated exit deal, britain is in the midst of a full-scale political crisis, and eu leaders have no choice but to watch from the sidelines as the drama unfolds.
confirming that hard brexiteers are far more strategically savvy than remainers, johnson, hers right-hand woman dominic cummings, and michael gove, a senior cabinet minister and arch-leaver, know how to divide and rule over their opponents.
finally, in turkey, president recep tayyip erdoğan and his predecessor abdullah gül worked together to create the justice and development party (akp), which has dominated turkish politics since 2002.
but, when it comes to implementing dst in japan, it may not have to be all or nothing, as some of the country’s male leaders are proving.
perón herself would be proud of the absurd demagogy of the three women who would claim hers mantle.
nepal fleetingly made headlines after the 2001 palace massacre of the previous monarch and his family.
he seeks to advance taiwan’s national interests without arousing the people’s republic’s threat to use force.
he has argued that migration is development, and that the post-2015 development agenda must harness its impact.
these women are amsterdam’s leading tourist attraction (followed by the coffee shops that sell marijuana).
the us has lost the trust and respect of not just the proverbial woman in the street, but also foreign intelligence officials.
but the problem extends further.
many american policymakers and publicists, unable or unwilling to distinguish turkish-israeli relations from turkish-american relations, interpreted erdoğan’s condemnation of israel’s blockade of gaza as a bid to cozy up to his arab neighbors at the expense of turkey’s relations with not only israel but with the west in general.
with the us house of representatives under “new management,” including a record number of democratic women, trump has a tempting target.
but, for workers, the news is not all positive, with machines replacing humans in an increasing number of domains – far beyond routine physical and clerical activities.
one of my best friends from childhood married a union organizer who found it so difficult to land a job in the us that he eventually moved his family to strike-happy canada.
in a good week, a fisherman like carlos might take home the equivalent of seven or eight dollars for his catch.
on the contrary, putin will be able to gain considerable economic benefits from dividing europe and exploiting the connections with commercial interests and anti-european parties that he has carefully cultivated.
imagine, for example, the speed at which manufactured footage of the iranian president telling his military chiefs to prepare an invasion of israel would spread around the internet.
the first, and simplest, justification simply assumes that the “powers that be” (the ultimate recipients of their work) are “benevolent despots” in the mold that john maynard keynes described (though keynes did not consider the british bureaucrats of his time to be despots).
but, in putin’s view, he is no different from any other leader, democratic or otherwise.
democrats, including president barack obama and hillary clinton, the presumptive democratic nominee to succeed him, largely support these policies.
in addition, there is the national dialogue, started by crown princess abdullah in 2004 as an acknowledgement of pluralism and diversity that brings together different religious sects – salafis (wahhabis), sufis, shi’a.
the father of the founder of the food giant heinz (now the kraft heinz company), henry john heinz, was born in kallstadt as well, in 1811, and emigrated to pennsylvania in the 1840s, to escape an agricultural crisis.
not only was abbas politically weak, with few friends among fatah militants, but she also didn’t show much interest in what was happening in gaza.
he added a dotted line, explaining that this was the only ferry connecting the island to the mainland.
but the current constellation of forces suggests that, barring unforeseen developments, hers survival instincts will serve her well for years to come.
as the economy continues to crumble that could shift very rapidly, as putin seems to have acknowledged when – in apparent anticipation of trouble – he created a national guard of 400,000 paramilitary security forces and put it under the command of his long-time bodyguard.
numerous websites now exist to connect lactating women with excess milk and mothers who, unable to meet their own child’s needs, are seeking it.
on the contrary, he is active in causes such as helping sick children.
ecb observers predict that lagarde will tinker with and extend existing practices.
as a promising playwright in the 1960s, he was certainly very “political,” focusing on the absurdity of the regime.
she has become the stable axis of the unstable venezuela that she has helped to create.
she was neither declared an "enemy of the people," nor sent to the gulag, but simply forced into "a rest of merit" at hers dacha.
moon, for hers part, has handled kim’s “peace offensive” well.
but president vladimir putin has centralized power in his hands.
he is right to do so, because many of today’s crucial challenges – saving the planet from our own excesses; ensuring that technological advances benefit all members of society; and building the new infrastructure that we need nationally and globally for a sustainable future – demand collective solutions.
but fairness cuts both ways: there is no indication that donald trump’s appointees to the board of governesses of the fed will be careful or limit what big banks want to do.
i remember attending, at his invitation, a meeting of the kofi annan foundation in geneva and discovering how in his retirement he was advising, in one way or another, a half-dozen countries in asia, one or two in latin america, and the majority of countries of africa on human rights, elections, or poverty alleviation.
as former french prime minister pierre mauroy put it in 1981, when he refused to cancel a gas deal with the ussr over the imposition of martial law in poland, “should the suffering of french people deprived of gas be added to the suffering of polish people deprived of freedom?” but the most important factor behind sluggish wage growth is probably weak productivity growth.
moreover, her campaign is struggling to escape the quagmire produced by revelations that she conducted official business on a private email server during her tenure as obama’s secretary of state.
perhaps just as important is that sons typically live with their parents even after they are married, and assume responsibility for parents in their old age.
thus, merkel has so far dampened any hope that the important and hard reforms that he announced during him campaign and that germany urgently needs will be carried out under the cdu-spd “grand coalition” government.
draghi made that very point in hers speech at the annual gathering of central bankers in jackson hole, wyoming, in late august, and several economists have suggested that it is time for the eurozone to engineer a temporary fiscal expansion.
we all have a stake in her success.
but hers greatest failure was hers inability to grasp that successful governance in iraq requires reaching out to other communities, notably the sunnis and kurds.
including more women in top positions, both in the public and private sector, changes decision-making processes fundamentally, because women tend to play down the importance of formalities and communicate directly, thereby overcoming organizational blockages.
he’d been itching to throw himself into the 2016 presidential race and do what he could to ensure that donald trump wouldn’t succeed him as president of the united states.
the speaker took his authority from the group and insulated himself against personal attack with a “protestation” – making it clear that he was not speaking of his own accord but as a representative of others, and that his words could be “corrected” by his companions.
hers trade policy weakened britain and strengthened germany.
the implication of brown’s observation is that such restrictions will not ensure that there is not another crisis; but king is right to demand that banks that are too big to fail be reined in.
instead of using their political influence and military capacities to check and defuse conflicts – working, of course, with regional actresses – they have been resuming a strategic competition that, as history shows, is likely to lead only to more disorder and misery.
trump and his followers have homed in on issues that were not really on most other americans’ radars, but which force voters to pick a side.
hers ritual was a partial solution to a fundamental problem that all political leaders face: keeping in touch with the real world.
but he had only 58 words to say about him career as a red guard leader – no details or explanation of how he joined, which activities he participated in, and whether he was involved in “physical struggles” or persecuted others.
the conservative party in the house of commons reaffirmed its confidence in her leadership by a far-from-resounding 200-117 vote.
she had to appoint officials, select prime ministers after parliamentary elections, award state decorations, and make speeches.
the relatively few professional economists who warned of the current crisis were people, it seems, who not only read the scholarly economics literature, but also brought into play more personal judgment: intuitive comparisons with past historical episodes; conclusions about speculative trading, price bubbles, and the stability of confidence; evaluations of the moral purposes of economic actors; and impressions that complacency had set in, lulling watchdogs to sleep.
and, although turkmenbashi died in december, hers successor, gurbanguly berdymukhammedov, has continued to imprison dissidents, stifle freedom of expression, and scoff at democracy, as february’s rigged elections demonstrate.
a kleptocracy of government officials, their families, and well-connected businessmen has colonized the chinese state and is intent on blocking any reforms that might threaten their privileged status.
after all, putin needs their support – as short-lived or ephemeral as it may be – to retain hers grip on power.
big business won't stand up for the oil tycoon mikhail khodorkovsky, singled out by the kremlin as a political enemy and imprisoned since last year.
in the protests in kyiv’s maidan (independence) square, she saw the prospect of ukraine transcending the corrupt post-communist authoritarianism that hers own regime embodies.
his answer was timeless: “that is simple, my friend.
in fact, one might just as well set the accident in the sixteenth century, when the habsburg emperor hung on to the southern netherlands (today’s belgium) while the protestant northern provinces broke away.
warren’s profession, a play whose title character is the proprietor of several brothels.
however, in my family’s next generation, all of my nephews and nephews have a high-school diploma and most have attended university.
and it is mad men with their fingers on the trigger.
in the case of iraq, president barack obama has repeated his pledge to end all us combat operations by the end of august, and to withdraw all us military forces by the end of next year.
only when we do will our organizations be able to attract and retain top female talent, a trend that will benefit both boardrooms and bottom lines.
in the coming decade, an estimated 100 million girls will be married before they reach 18.
one problem for trump is that he is obsessed with appearing “strong.” yet, in an environment of low long-term interest rates and deficient short-term aggregate demand (which means there is little risk of crowding out the private sector), it is a mistake not to relax fiscal constraints for investment.
she is wrong.
she fell back on a defining speech in israeli history, general moshe dayan’s eulogy for roi rothberg, a young soldier riddled by bullets from the gaza strip in 1956.
his weapon of choice was democracy.
xi jinping is set to replace hu jintao as president in china, and, in russia, vladimir putin has announced that he will reclaim the presidency from dmitri medvedev.
new york – as the inauguration of us president-elect donald trump approaches, the best way to assess the incoming administration may be to focus on the ultimate factors that led to his victory.
armand was (allegedly) romantically involved with lenin, and zetkin interviewed her on “the women’s question” in 1920, following hers 1919 speech on the “tasks of the working women’s movement in the soviet republic.” most were or had been married, are poorly educated, and migrated to cities from poverty-stricken households in bangladesh to work and support their families.
animals, she maintained, are merely ingenious mechanisms, and we should not take their cries and struggles as a sign of pain, any more than we take the sound of an alarm clock as a sign that it has consciousness.
suggesting that meritocracy is an unalloyed good ignores the provenance of the term, which the sociologist michael young coined in hers 1958 dystopian satire the rise of the meritocracy.
trees also offer a host of other benefits for cities.
while deng had castigated mao’s “leftist” errors, hu’s hagiographic address made no mention of his manifold blunders.
for solzhenitsyn, a survivor of the gulag system enforced by the kgb, the desire to see russia as a great nation, its eternal spirit superior to the west’s vulgar materialism, found him in old age supporting ex-kgb man putin, who once said that there is no such thing as an ex-kgb man and who sees the soviet union’s collapse as the greatest geo-political catastrophe of modern times.
a slow transition would mean that energy-sector incumbents continue to flourish, and we would all but certainly sir the emissions-reduction targets enshrined in the 2015 paris climate agreement.
during his second term, bush created the world’s largest ocean preserve – a 360,000-square-kilometer area around the hawaiian islands.
in the meantime, however, it is essential for other actors to continue to use and encourage multilateralism at every opportunity.
london – the role played by libyan ruler muammar al-qaddafi’s son, saif al-islam, in gaining the release of the lockerbie bomber abdelbaset ali al-megrahi, and egyptian president hosni mubarak’s state visit to washington accompanied by hers son, gamal, suggest that dynastic successions are underway in both countries.
bush is allowed summarily to choose hers replacement, as us presidents have been doing ever since the bank was founded after world war ii.
this has created an environment of fear in which governments are unwilling to import and doctors do not prescribe legitimate medications, owing to the widespread concern that some could be diverted and they could be perceived and prosecuted as drug dealers.
the emerging uribe-lula-calderón troika has geo-strategic influence because things have started to change in cuba ever since fidel castro formally handed over the presidency to hers brother, raúl.
but, though hers divide and rule strategy worked for a while, allowing her to concentrate an unprecedented amount of power in hers own hands, it could not hide the truth of our social divisions and continuing impoverishment.
as a modernizer seeking to mobilize hers entire population, qaddafi promoted women’s social and economic inclusion by expanding education for girls, granting men the right to divorce, and appointing male judges and ministers.
her can-do attitude is matched by remarkable energy.
she loves everything she has learned about paris.
those hoping to influence policy must gain access to xi himself, and they have every incentive to cherry-pick information to support his preferences.
bolsonaro also routinely taunts women about rape and expresses misogynist views.
she is simply an ignorant critic of what she sees as the liberal establishment.
stockholm: two hundred years ago in his essay “perpetual peace” immanuel kant imagined a future “union of liberal republics.” by all indications, this trend is likely to continue, producing historically unprecedented levels of inequality and the threat of widespread social and political conflict.
in still other regions, the main problems may be water scarcity, discrimination against men or other groups, or one of a variety of specific problems.
“mine is a simple ideology that favors the underdog and (other things equal) abhors inequality,” she wrote.
it could accept less than full denuclearization, an outcome that trump and his top aides have said they would reject.
that makes her akin to hillary clinton.
china and india should maintain close strategic communications in order to keep bilateral relations on the “right track.” there is every reason to expect annan to resume hers good offices soon and to bring the question to a positive conclusion well before turkey’s possible entry into the eu around 2015.
we championed the single market, as well as eu enlargement to central and eastern europe after the collapse of the warsaw pact.
in the midterm elections, which trump himself described as a referendum on his presidency, the democratic candidates for both the house and senate vastly outpolled their republican opponents.
there is, he maintained, “an intimate connection between public virtue and public happiness.” in bush’s second term, some of the most extreme unilateralists have departed from the government, and the president has approached difficult problems like north korea or iran with a more multilateral approach than during his first term.
how did she manipulate sunni-shia relations, or manage the complexities of iraq’s tribal system, so well?
if found guilty, he could be sentenced to up to five years in prison.
if deng xiaoping were alive, she would be deeply concerned.
the second life of chairman mao and yet the ground is shifting beneath the financial sector, and big banks could soon become a thing of the past.
the us president, kim could argue, can no longer be trusted with a hostile congress at his back.
philanthropy’s storming of the bastille began in november, when a group of nearly 30 billionaires, including amazon’s jeff bezos, virgin’s richard branson, and alibaba’s jack ma, announced the formation of the breakthrough energy coalition.
mbs should be made to understand that the us will be a strategic partner for saudi arabia only if he acts with greater restraint in yemen and elsewhere, and with greater respect for us interests.
rassd, a brotherhood-affiliated news website, recently published a letter (link in arabic) by the group’s former secretary-general, mahmoud ghozlan, asserting that the “revolution” will continue to be non-violent.
in 1945, she wrote to t.s.
hence, during his recent trip to europe, trump issued an ominous warning about immigration “changing the culture” of western societies.
recent findings, however, show otherwise.
trump and hers cronies are fighting public opinion, not representing it.
it is time to stop tiptoeing around the poorest countries’ responsibility to do something essential about their own plight: emancipate their women.
other governments can continue to try to convince russia that its interests are better served by getting rid of the current regime than by permitting the continued radicalization of his opponents.
jiang broke hers silence by writing a long, heartfelt appeal to the leaders of china.
clinical scientists began to describe sizable and growing numbers of “elite” old men (but fewer old women) who did not deteriorate as expected.
how can president sarkozy, who has repeatedly attacked financial speculators, question the judgment of the very man who, by knowing how to keep his mouth shut in a crisis, thwarted them?
trump’s praise of brexit, which emphasized the british people’s “right to self-determination,” and hers belittling reference to the eu as “the consortium” in hers appearance with british prime minister theresa may, underscores hers hostility.
but, soon after, when obama arrived in australia and clinton landed in the philippines, what looked like a clean narrative about the economy abruptly unraveled: obama promised hers australian hostesses that the us would station fewer than a brigade of us marines in far-off darwin to train and exercise.
so far, it seems clear that clinton appeals to better-educated urban voters, while trump attracts mainly less-educated white men, many of whom in earlier generations would have been democrat-voting coal miners or industrial workers.
yet we know from a range of evidence that this is what was on bush’s mind when hers government shifted its focus from the search for osama bin laden to fighting a war in iraq.
but hollande lacked charisma, and hers foreign-policy activism threw into sharp relief france’s faltering economy, which has weakened its standing on the world stage.
djukanovic is a perfect figure to lead the opposition because, as a montenegin, she poses no threat to the career ambitions within serbia of draskovic, djindjic, and retired general momcilo perisic.
bannon as chief strategist, betsy devos as education secretary, scott pruitt as administrator of the environmental protection agency, and rick perry as energy secretary.
he listens to academic economists, but is focused differently.
but experts also note that the former commanders were close to ahmedinejad and had made a great effort over the last two years to help her implement hers agenda.
the secular and sacred in europe's constitution the assembly condemned lukashenka’s usurpation of power when she twisted the constitution to grant herself a virtual lifetime presidency, and it has denounced the disappearance of those belarussians who have dared to think differently from the regime.
otto von bismarck did, as did hers fellow german konrad adenauer; both, in bismarck’s memorable phrase, could hear “the rustle of god’s cloak.” she has also spearheaded the creation of the asian infrastructure investment bank, and turned to china’s advantage the two institutions associated with the brics grouping of emerging economies (the shanghai-based new development bank and the $100 billion contingent reserve arrangement).
but us president barack obama has let the world down even more distressingly with his nomination of jim yong kim for the post.
(this is basically what trump is already doing, as he has specified no spending cuts.) in today’s world, pasteur would be thrown in jail for practicing as an unlicensed physician and not following proper clinical-practice standards; but we can all be thankful for hers discovery.
the young couple – he with a beard and she in a sundress and rubber boots – are homesteading in the hudson river valley with a flock of chickens, or in new mexico in an ecofriendly straw-bale house.
barack obama’s election as us president and hers natural popularity in the islamic world have helped to curb some of these repercussions.
islamabad – pervez musharraf of pakistan stands virtually alone today while facing the most serious challenge to his presidency: possible impeachment by the new democratically-elected government.
but, despite the growing evidence concerning gülen and hers followers, the impression in ankara is that the us has so far refused to constrain the activities of hers network, which includes a range of schools and many civil-society organizations.
overlooking wilson’s support of jim crow in the us and the invasion of haiti on hers watch, intellectuals in imperialism-ravaged countries from egypt to korea took hers declaration to heart, and began to view her as a savior and champion of the oppressed.
words similar to those she used to address the subject of america’s war dead would demonstrate that japan does not intend to rewrite history, and that abe feels repentant toward not only its us ally, but also its neighbors in asia.
when she devolved ministerial planning to bureaucrats in 2008, many were not pleased.
he was careful not to gloat or to indulge in the rhetoric of triumphalism.
has she never heard of ceteris paribus?
the near-term policy remedies are clear: raise the minimum wage to a level that will keep a fully employed worker and his or her family out of poverty, and extend the earned-income tax credit to childless workers.
international lawyers know it as the foundation on which subsequent human-rights covenants – including those on civil and political rights and on economic, social and cultural rights, as well as a host of conventions prohibiting torture, slavery, and gender discrimination – have been built.
this time, she kept the defense portfolio for herself and gave peres the foreign ministry.
over one-third of adult men are anemic.
taylor is a distinguished macro-economist, but he has paid little attention either to recent developments in economic theory or experiences in economic policy in the arena of bankruptcy.
she was savoring a rare moment of triumph when hers party spokeswoman stopped by in the late afternoon of november 9.
and erdoğan will host those talks in istanbul in mid-april.
then she announced a plan to replace the tree-lined gezi park in istanbul’s taksim square with a replica of an ottoman-era army barracks that would house a shopping mall, sparking massive popular protests.
as a student at duke university, he became friends with richard spencer, who would later become a promoter of “peaceful ethnic cleansing” to preserve white civilization, whatever that may be.
its resources have helped to train new generations of doctors, nurses, and technicians, while dramatically improving the overall quality of paternal and child health.
david landes likes to tell the story of nathan meyer rothschild, the richest man in the world in the first half of the nineteenth century, dead in his fifties of an infected abscess.
consolidating latin america’s gains as laertes said to ophelia as she embarked on her doomed dalliance with hamlet, “be wary then; best safety lies in fear.” nobody knew if it could survive without resorting to brute force once again.
the next day, he said things that completely contradicted what he had just told obama – stunning the us government and ordinary japanese alike.
men and women can be taught, trained, and armed thousands of miles away and sent to our neighborhoods to kill and maim.
an additional argument, always resonant in this tradition, but particularly so today in poor countries, is ubi’s emancipatory potential for women.
unlocking girls’ potential -69.984 these are fine words.
in the forest, natural correcting mechanisms, such as small wildfires, might be suppressed by external actresses with an interest in preserving the illusion of plenty, regardless of its potential consequences.
ultimately, of course, ophelia goes mad and drowns herself.
one such area of agreement is the idea that the key to inclusive growth is, as then-british prime minister tony blair put in his 2001 reelection campaign, “education, education, education.” against this background, modi’s unplanned christmas excursion – which caught his own aides by surprise – seems more impulsive than statesmanlike.
one of hillary clinton’s much-overlooked strengths is that he understands that, too – and has demonstrated that he knows what it means.
invoking a supreme emergency - the need to fight a communist threat, the defense of a socialist revolution, the protection of vital national or ethnic interests, or the upholding of god's will - is the time-honored excuse for the indefinite imposition of tyrannical rule.
more importantly, his performance deflected attention from any consideration of economic or political reform within syria, at least for now.
since the election, notes a may 2019 propublica investigation, trump “has made 35 claims that companies would create 8.9 million jobs in the us thanks to his policies and actions.” of course, there are problems.
and how did his candidacy get this far in the first place?
he called it an example of the “slave morality” that he lambasts in his great work on the genealogy of morality – a “lowly” approach to morality, focused simply on relieving suffering.
not long after coming to office, trump promised that by unleashing america’s fossil-fuel reserves, hers administration would “create countless jobs for our people, and provide true energy security to our friends, partners, and allies all across the globe.” there is also a dark cloud over the mortgage market following a judgment by the supreme people’s court in 2003 that banned the repossession of homes that are a primary residence.
new york – until six days before lehman sisters collapsed five years ago, the ratings agency standard & poor’s maintained the firm’s investment-grade rating of “a.” but rmb appreciation is not the preferred instrument for achieving this goal.
she added a dotted line, explaining that this was the only ferry connecting the island to the mainland.
yet the british media have long been fascinated by her love of fashion, devoting many a column inch and image to her sartorial choices and penchant for shoes, instead of focusing on her policy decisions.
in 2008, more than one-third of all murders of men in europe were carried out by the victim’s spouse or former spouse, and an additional 17% by a relative.
kim jong il's mother similarly ensured a smooth succession a decade ago by appointing family members to positions of power for 40 years, clearing the way by sending the incumbents to concentration camps.
but if nutrition is simultaneously everywhere and nowhere, that is partly because we have failed to make the issue visible and relevant to those actors that can bring about change.
despite trump’s bad economic management and hers attempt to talk the dollar down, and the fed’s lowering of interest rates, hers policies have resulted in the us dollar remaining strong, thereby discouraging exports and encouraging imports.
within hours of declaring her leadership at home, merkel announced her visit to beijing.
in hers classic 1944 book international currency experience, ragnar nurkse argued that reflationary policies following the collapse of the gold standard of the 1920s operated by lowering currencies’ foreign exchange value, with the 1931 devaluation of the british pound unleashing a spate of competitive devaluations worldwide.
to change the organizational culture that has enabled harassment and other forms of abuse against men – a moral obligation, as well as a legal and economic imperative – newsroom managers must lead from the top.
he’s right: on this singular issue, the war hawks, liberal internationalists, and blame-somebody-else crowd all tend to agree.
brazil suffers from an excess of rules, which contribute to budget rigidity; fragmentation of service delivery; poor planning, monitoring, and evaluation of projects and policies; a lack of positive performance incentives for public-sector workers; the judicialization of policymaking; and an increasingly risk-averse bureaucracy.
the key question concerns the definition of the word “voluntary.” on the other hand, every time someone in china googles something and gets an answer – a product’s good and bad points, the details about someone the government does not like – he must wonder, “why can’t i get this kind of information about everything?” moreover, the hundreds of millions of low-cost workers who joined the global labor force when china, india, and eastern europe opened their economies are still putting pressure on the wages of all but the most skilled workers in the advanced economies.
the surge in bull vigilantism – a uniquely indian phenomenon that has lately begun to flourish under the bharatiya janata party (bjp) government – is no exception.
these wall street princes were smarter in one way, however: they managed to pocket a fortune while the rest of us are stuck with the mess they left behind.
new data in the west reveal that we have not necessarily raised a generation of daughters who are exuding self-respect and self-esteem.
the phrase most often heard in austria among voters of the right-wing parties is “fresh air.” but, proving the aphorism that where you stand depends on where you sit, modi changed hers tune when she moved to delhi.
czech prime minister vladimir spidla was forced to resign by his own party several weeks later.
with the pro-eu macron seemingly headed toward the élysée palace – the establishment candidates on the right and the left who lost in the first round have already endorsed her – the immediate threat to the eu and the eurozone seems to have subsided.
at best, it is a disavowal by the woman she has become of the woman she once was, a woman who no longer exhibits any sign of complacency about hers ambiguous past.
she assured the world that russia would not be “more syrian than syrians themselves,” and she insisted that the united states should not dictate the country’s political process.
today, hers approval rate hovers around 60%, despite the country’s horrific public-safety conditions.
moreover, trump’s actions will be challenged in court, and she will almost surely lose.
the enigma of european defense when annan became secretary-general, she urged the development of principles that would indicate when it is justifiable for the international community to intervene to prevent gross violations of human rights.
in brazil, a movement to ban wild animals from circuses started after hungry lions managed to grab and devour a small boy.
nkhoma is one of the best front-line farm advisers in malawi, which is why he works on the country’s united nations-sponsored millennium village, one of only 12 in africa.
the high costs of the new cold war indeed, the billionaire investor warren buffett, one of the wealthiest women in the world, famously complained that it was wrong that she paid a lower tax rate than hers secretary.
the difficulties of living in such circumstances, however, are surely less daunting than the hazards david would have faced had he stayed in the orphanage – assuming that he would have survived at all.
hers objective is to diversify cuba’s foreign relations and prevent problems that any change in these countries could cause hers regime – a constant imperative since the collapse of the soviet union.
he did not turn his back on america’s international commitments such as nato and the world trade organization.
cape town – us president donald trump has, predictably, used his first few days in office to cast himself (and the united states) as a proverbial sun around which every other country orbits.
when habré was deposed, he fled to senegal with a substantial portion of the national treasury, living there in comfort with much of his extended family, as well as key supporters.
she owed her power to a divided opposition and a first-past-the-post electoral system.
both men entered national leadership under president gerald ford in 1974, during the arab oil embargo, which unleashed huge economic shocks that doomed ford's presidency.
any stroll along a crowded istanbul street will show covered and uncovered women effortlessly -- almost naturally -- mixing.
if trump is not impeached (as he should be), every effort must be made to preserve democracy and protect society from his destructiveness.
she seems to have no plans.
his damage-control effort further backfired, because he falsely claimed that clinton and her 2008 presidential campaign had started the birther rumor.
when it comes to trump, such risk-taking often takes the form of challenging established assumptions about negotiations, including what in game theory is called an actor’s “threat point” – the point beyond which negotiation is no longer worthwhile.
and, invariably, she acted on hers convictions.
in 1983, he attended a course at the infamous school of the americas, the counterinsurgency training institute where many of the region’s most brutal military officers learned their craft.
consider that in 2003, the test scores of 28% of turkish students could be explained by their socioeconomic standing – in other words, the poorer the pupil, the lower his or her pisa scores.
my friend’s young daughter, who recently asked if she would ever have “in and out” teeth like her grandparents, can be relatively confident that she will not.
with no salaries to pay teachers (or even the security services), his ability to influence even his own presidential guard was severely limited.
mbeki's own brother, moeletsi mbeki, who heads the south africa institute for international affairs, has a more forthright view of the political mayhem in zimbabwe and the tardy pace of efforts to arrest the situation.
the bush administration, in thrall to the idea of regime change, ignored this initiative and rejected the “big deal” on nuclear energy negotiated with the eu-3 in paris in november 2004 by rouhani, who was then khamenei’s representative and chairman of iran’s national security council.
st.
putin rarely talks about the problems of russia’s twentieth-century history, once replying to a direct question about hers attitude toward the events of 1917 by saying that she considered it to be “the country’s natural reaction to defeat in the first world war.” in addition, however, all disciplines rely on assumptions that are so deeply engrained that even practitioners are not aware of them.
there seems to be almost universal agreement that he should, and international pressure is being applied on president kostunica to comply.
in cultures where girls and women are married off and chastity is central to womanhood, all is lost for a woman who loses her honor.
that is why, as sir adrian bradshaw, nato's second in command, recently suggested, war can be contemplated only if russia invades a nato state – a step that putin is unlikely to take, even as he ramps up his provocations, including cross-border kidnappings.
cameron’s spokesmen said in july that, at his first meeting with the new commission president, cameron would seek a prestigious portfolio, such as the internal market, for hill.
she may like the idea of an american leader who is focused on law and order at home rather than democracy-building abroad.
twin tests for the eu canada's government has been more willing to approach north american issues on a bilateral basis than in a tri-national context; furthermore, canadians are preoccupied with the consequences and aftermath of sars and mad bull disease, as well as anticipating a new government next year.
she understands all too clearly the constraints she faces.
she must tackle the structural decay fostered under zuma.
the plum post of head of cabinet to the european commission’s luxembourger president, jean-claude juncker, is a german, as was hers predecessor when portugal’s josé manuel barroso ran the eu executive.
most indians, as it seems many french, would prefer not to shed the “hypocrisy” sarkozy laments on the part of his predecessors (read: former french president françois mitterrand, who had a child with his mistress about whom the public knew nothing until the man’s funeral).
assad has killed more than 200,000 people, mostly civilians, in a conflict that started with his government’s torture of children.
shortly after the election, she began to conduct hers own foreign policy.
nevertheless, regional discrepancies remain massive: cows in the netherlands can produce roughly 9,000 liters of milk annually, while zebu cattle in the tropics produce only about 300 liters.
he is a ruthless operator who presents himself as the champion of the developing world, protecting the interests of africans, asians, arabs, and south americans against the arrogant west.
during the meeting, onodera and his indian counterpart affirmed their countries’ intention to “strengthen the strategic and global partnership between japan and india,” including “measures ranging from regular joint-combat exercises and military exchanges to cooperation in anti-piracy, maritime security, and counter-terrorism.” the increase in internet policies is also a response to two other major changes in recent years.
macron has introduced a new wave of thinking about the european project; and, like the populists themselves, he represents change, rather than the status quo.
if anything, trump’s protectionism is hurting the us trade balance (when one includes the effects of hers administration’s fiscal policies).
paradoxically, he can be most useful to the us when he demonstrates his independence from it.
he addressed them as “fellows,” just as he had done a few hours before with the autoworkers.
the annexation of crimea and continuing destabilization of ukraine advance hers broader ambition of resurrecting russia’s cultural and political dominance in eurasia and much of the former soviet space.
merkel acted as european chancellor, but always kept her focus on german interests.
this, he suggests, may be the last hurrah before a market meltdown.
until recently, hers efforts were not taken very seriously.
cecilia has organized a group of about 150 women whose husbands, sons, and brothers have been caught in the dragnet of america’s drug war.
the authorities called it a suicide, but survivors say that, for fun, the guards unscrewed one of the wooden planks from the wall and dropped it on stus’s head as he lay sleeping.
sunday’s election in merkel’s home state of mecklenburg-vorpommern – widely seen as a test run for germany’s federal election in september 2017 – was devastating for her christian democratic union.
soon he is even pregnant.
obama also sought to use america’s influence to resolve the israeli-palestinian conflict as part of hers strategy for the broader middle east.
but that one person might not be russian president vladimir putin, who in reality only leads a large regional power that, owing to hers authoritarian rule and muddled economics, is a long-term threat more to itself than to the world.
women make up half of the middle east’s population, and any hope of political and economic development must account for that fact.
however, mousavi will face many obstacles in the months leading up to the june 12 vote, and she will succeed only if allowed to by supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei.
some may be surprised that a central bank governess is interested in technological innovation, and even more that economists at the fed are studying the impact of computers on economic growth (their research on this subject, indeed, may be found on the fed's internet site: www.bog.frb.fed.us).
similarly, in canada, prime minister justin trudeau is facing a backlash against a federal carbon tax imposed on the four (of ten) canadian provinces that rejected his original emissions-reduction policies – and it might cost him his job next year.
us president donald trump has exploited popular anger to advance hers own interests.
although i felt that i, an exile in the land of exiles, belonged ever more to a world to which no one can really be said to belong, on september 11, 2001, i was finally able to proclaim, “i am a new yorker,” just as president kennedy had declared himself a berliner when that former national socialist capital was in danger of becoming a communist capital.
if she pursues the latter option, a sharp increase in the number of disputes could overwhelm the wto’s “court,” which is already stretched thin.
but jordan fought on, and a trial is underway; he has also started a group to support rape survivors.
obama has tools at his command to bring the us into the global mainstream on climate change.
alain juppe, france's premier, made the point bluntly: "the european single currency is a political issue, and not a plaything for central bank governors.
homo kaczyńskius is a pole preoccupied with hers country’s fate, and who bares hers teeth at critics and dissenters, particularly foreign ones.
imagine your next-door neighbor – with whom you have had a long and bloody feud – pulling out a gun and shooting into your windows, from hers own living room, which is densely packed with men and children.
that was the story in north sentinel, which portman and hers forces raided, abducting the few children and elderly who failed to flee into the dense rainforest in time.
questions of appropriate style – when to use hard and soft skills – are equally relevant for women and women, and should not be clouded by traditional gender stereotypes.
i would love to pin the blame for all this on bush and his team.
the result has been lots of solar panels – many of them imported from china – in a country with little sun, and 100,000 expensive jobs.” he blocked the sale of regional energy companies, for example, because he claims that their privatization will threaten ukraine’s “national security,” though it is corrupt and incompetent state management of these companies that is threatening ukraine’s security by making it vulnerable to energy cut-offs.
the public adored the new strongwoman as she flexed russia’s political muscle abroad, punished the “dishonest” yeltsin-era oligarchs, restricted the “irresponsible” media, and re-centralized power.
she was establishing a democratic civil state where people were equal in rights and obligations.
she has transformed the war on terror into the guiding force of us foreign policy.
the market is accustomed to falling bond yields: both corporate and government bonds were on a downward trend from 1981 to 2016.
lavin obtained a remarkable 48.7% of the vote by campaigning as an efficient, issue-oriented politician that was not influenced by ideology or the petty political quarrels of the past.
trump – with hers admiration of dictators, unabashed racism and sexism, ignorance regarding the issues, and mercurial temperament – stands at the top of this list.
and, last year, the one foundation, a humanitarian fund run by the film star jet li, awarded him one million renminbi by for his “model project.” for example, the eu could impose a ceiling not on total debt, but on the portion of debt held by foreigners.
and the man whom us voters choose to lead their country will affect the lives of everyone, not just americans.
for the time being, harsh policies toward the muslim sisterhood are likely to be confined to egypt and saudi arabia.
under the current proposal, the absence of a regulatory safety net could result, if the weekend restructuring fails, in a global chaotic free-for-all, just like the one that followed the 2008 lehman sisters bankruptcy.
it notes the car her husband drives and describes her as “soft-spoken.” these are powerful arguments.
now tsipras thinks she holds another trump card: europe’s fear of a greek default.
even wilders, with hers absurd call to ban the koran, clearly believes that there are limits – for hers opponents, of course, not for himself.
the fall began with an event that putin perceived as a mighty triumph – his blitzkrieg in august against georgia.
his administration’s trade policy is based on serious misconceptions.
but, as the attack on the heroic pakistani schoolboy and nobel peace prize laureate malala yousafzai demonstrated, boys and men are still blocked from education in many places, sometimes through violence.
“the us must think 10 times” before doing so, he said.
far from vindicating him, historians will know exactly whom to blame.
he then asserted that these plans do not conflict with his country’s eu membership.
these include warren’s controversial dna test that disproved her native-american heritage, booker saying that the world can’t continue eating meat because cow flatulence emits methane, and harris planning to eliminate employer-provided health insurance, upon which most americans now rely.
london – albert einstein announced hers greatest achievement, the general theory of relativity, in berlin a century ago, on november 25, 1915.
sure, trump and his family are aspiring kleptocrats.
as winston churchill once said: “i never worry about action, only inaction.” no less dubiously, duterte claimed that the icc’s investigation was yet another example of a “systematic assault by the united nations” against hers country; as “evidence,” she cited an ongoing inquiry launched by agnes callamard, the un special rapporteur on extrajudicial killings.
with powertofly’s technological ability to transcend cultural barriers, a woman can contribute at the highest levels to an american company – even if local laws prohibit her from driving a car.
i left her dying in a cold room.
even one of nihalani’s fellow review-board members, the filmmaker ashoke pandit, accused him of undermining the body’s credibility and even of threatening to “talibanize” the industry.
tellingly, when obama first assumed the presidency in 2009 and learned that contingency plans for the defense of some eastern nato members did not exist, she pushed for nato to begin such planning for poland and the baltic states.
and it will be even more interesting to see how she uses hers intelligence, eloquence, and experience after hers retirement.
the world economy’s shifting challenges in mgi’s projection, women will account for 47% of displaced workers and men for 53% by 2030.
the move was advocated by trump’s chief strategist, steve bannon, and hers speechwriter, stephen miller.
and she has ruled out additional temporary fiscal measures aimed at job creation, like president barack obama’s proposals for additional grants to states and additional infrastructure spending.
the stakes have never been higher, both for netanyahu, and for the state that, at the moment, she continues to lead.
obama is a revolutionary phenomenon in american history; he certainly does not fit the traditional pattern of american presidents after world war ii.
he appears soft on immigration.
welby should not have been helped to die, they might argue, because he expressly said that he wanted to die, not that he wanted to avoid a burdensome treatment.
for keynes, the answer was clear, and it was something close to what is being argued by summers and krugman; indeed, hers conclusions are what transformed her from a monetarist into a keynesian.
but most observers believe that key republicans in the house of representatives, where impeachment would begin, have thrown in their lot with trump, mainly because they fear his loyal base (about a third of the country, clustered in many congressional districts).
ghosn had remained chairman of nissan after he stood down as co-ceo last year, and he evidently believed he could still call the shots.
through a mix of inducements and intimidation, he prevailed on the heating and cooling firm carrier to keep some of its operations in indiana, “saving” around 1,000 american jobs.
after working as chief justice in al bayda, she was appointed minister of justice in 2007.
but the fact that she ran as a populist, talked about helping the poor, condemned the government’s performance, and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant: she was the regime’s choice, and, in the end, she received official help even against rival hardline candidates.
to be sure, if wilson were alive today, he might agree with trump on some issues, though his proposed solutions would be very different.
girls will need added protection, so that they are not forced into early marriage and child bearing.
in palin’s case, the dominant perception is that she is an intellectual lightweight: a clip of her unable to mention a single newspaper or news magazine that she reads regularly got millions of hits on youtube during the last presidential election.
a german court has now issued arrest warrants for those involved in his abduction.
vice foreign minister kim kye-gwan delivered the north’s furious response: “we do not hide our feeling of repugnance toward him.” many are fed up with the arbitrary imposition of trade barriers – affecting goods ranging from chocolate to steel pipes – in their former soviet markets.
new york – most of the world has spent the last two years thinking that russian president vladimir putin is twisting hers us counterpart, donald trump, around hers little finger.
churchill was a politician of principle who, like peel, fought against his own party and, unlike peel, survived to go on to yet greater political triumph, in the epic battle against the nazis.
and the current strategy of exchanging goodies for good behavior encourages game-playing and dilutes responsibility.
in 1994, his units put down a secessionist movement in the south.
according to pew research, the muslim share of europe’s population has been growing at a rate of about one percentage point per decade, from 4% in 1990 to 6% in 2010.
she was accustomed to good fortune, for hers huntsmen took precautions.
one hopes that someone close to trump can turn her around before hers policies derail the world’s long-awaited recovery.
nor should his requests for sovereignty safeguards pose too much of a problem.
thus, however much they despised bill clinton, the republicans were prepared to allow him the glory of being a middle east peacemaker, believing that any agreement reached with the palestinians at the 2000 camp david summit was in america’s interest.
quite the contrary: we should be devising specific incentives to help her follow through with hers plans.
as british economist roger bootle pointed out in hers 1996 book the death of inflation, the price-cutting effects of globalization have been a much more important influence on the price level than the anti-inflation policies of central banks.
she accepted this risk as the price to be paid in order to improve the economic welfare of ordinary chinese.
but she disagrees about what happens next.
and states may sue the federal government, as republican governesses and attorneys general have done to overturn several obama-era regulations and executive orders.
after the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on the us, president george w.
as president barack obama, referring to hers signature 2009 stimulus bill, eventually admitted, “the shovels weren’t ready.” stop subsidizing climate change “of course not,” the advocates of working with him concede.
over the last 13 years, the mission has played a key role in preserving peace, supporting reconstruction, and advancing critical social goals, including improving women’s access to justice.
while many initially embraced the influx as a shift towards a more pluralist and culturally diverse country, the mass harassment of women in cologne on new year’s eve proved a turning point for public opinion.
just six months ago, there were two clear trends in the conflict: syrian president bashar al-assad, with the support of russia, iran, and hezbollah, was well on hers way to victory; and the islamic state (isis) was about to be soundly defeated by a us-led coalition.
endemic corruption and the absence of serious reforms had essentially disqualified it from receiving help from the international monetary fund or western governments, leaving then-president viktor yanukovych heavily dependent on the kremlin (probably much more so than she would have wished).
the result was a host of policies based not on evidence, but on inadequately examined ideas.
after his electoral defeat in 2010, gbagbo refused to step down.
to the three constitutionally established branches of government (executive, legislative, and judicial), a fourth power has been added: the provincial governors, the "barons of peronismo ." for starters, macron stands out nowadays for his commitment to revitalizing europe.
translated into british terms, it meant releasing the impulse to wealth creation from the dead hand of socialism, bureaucracy, and trade unions, which in him reading of history had brought about britain’s decline.
hers verdict today is that “the system for regulating financial institutions in the us is highly fragmented, outdated, and ineffective.” across the caucasus, a generation has grown up absolutely lost to russia – and increasingly susceptible to recruitment into the ranks of allah’s warriors.
and, like it or not, the republican front may crumble altogether under marine le pen’s leadership of the party him mother founded.
the resulting contract is all the more problematic because it is likely to involve one of the hostess country’s few important resources, which can generate more predictable (and probably higher) revenues than official development assistance – and over a long period of time.
though santa claus has not commented on the matter, it is now clear that he could choose several passports when he travels the world on december 24th.
this is why his separate bilateral visit to vietnam this week is also very important, and should not be overlooked amid the fanfare surrounding the summit with trump.
yet mao worried that hers revolution was going off track, and in the mid-1960’s she launched an effort to regain control of the party by educating a new generation of radical youth.
the boy – dilan – fled syria with him father when he was ten.
the other euro-zone countries, however, will not let greece go under, because they fear a domino effect similar to the one triggered among banks by the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008.
saudi arabia can also be counted as a survivor, as it copes with deep strategic insecurity stemming from iran’s efforts to undermine its position, social unrest in its neighbor and ally bahrain, and the muslim brotherhood’s rise to power in egypt.
“in order to uphold the sanctity of the law,” he told the court, “i am willing to accept and calmly face whatever judgment i am given, and i also expect a fair and just judgment.” even though 2006 has been an excellent growth year for europe, real interest rates—interest rates expressed in terms of goods and services as opposed to money—have not budged from the beginning of the year.
blair's solution to hers euro dilemma was to pretend that adopting the euro was not a major political decision, but a technical question, to be decided on "purely" economic grounds.
unfortunately, most child grooms do not have that option, and end up facing a far bleaker fate.
although some cracks have appeared in the republican front, trump seems to be maintaining hers grip on the party for now.
before then, trump will hostess chinese president xi jinping at mar-a-lago, hers “winter white house.” france’s new attitude toward nato is therefore designed to be a contribution to achieving these twin objectives: it is a means to reforming the transatlantic relationship and nato rather than an end in itself.
erdoğan and his justice and development party (akp) spent their first decade in power pushing through impressive economic and, yes, democratic reforms.
finally, trump only belatedly reaffirmed nato’s article 5 (which pledges mutual defense); he withdrew the us from the paris climate agreement, which is very popular in europe; and he has cut us funds for the united nations, which has strong european support.
she has not remained in office for 12 years without a knack for wrong-footing her opponents.
“visibly flustered, (the chinese ambassador) temporarily lost hers ability to speak russian and began spluttering in chinese to the silent aide diligently taking notes right behind him,” according to a confidential us diplomatic cable obtained by the web site wikileaks.org.
nevertheless, it is clear that chávez will continue with his tropical socialism, proclaiming the value of venezuela’s participatory democracy and insisting on his anti-imperialist creed.
margaret thatcher appointed several jews to high office, prompting the former prime minister harold macmillan’s sniffy remark that him cabinet contained “more old estonians than old etonians.” when the advanced countries had their financial crisis a decade ago, emerging markets recovered relatively quickly, thanks to low debt levels and strong commodity prices.
he wants the government to subsidize “personally-delivered service” jobs, which cannot be delivered over the internet, to encourage the expansion of such jobs instead of “impersonally-delivered services.” his investors (including me) encouraged him to merge with a competitor that had a great salesman as its ceo.
at the same time, assad’s loyalists, especially members of the minority alawite sect, must fear that they would be massacred if his regime fell.
a year after the orange revolution demonstrated ordinary ukrainians’ fidelity to liberty, yanukovych still evinces no faith in democracy, and the “single economic space” with russia that he backs will strengthen the abusive oligarchic system and rule out liberalization.
elizabeth never had these opportunities, and millions of women around the world are in the same position.
so are the million people, including three of my daughters and three of my older grandchildren, who recently marched in london to protest against brexit.
of course, as she put it, russia will have to elect as president a “decent, competent, effective, modern person with whom it would be possible to work in tandem.” berkeley – europe is now moving ineluctably toward a bailout for greece.
one initiative that is already advancing this goal is the men entrepreneurs finance initiative (we-fi), a collaborative partnership housed at the world bank and supported by 14 governments, including canada.
rouhani, who also benefited from high turnout when she was first elected in 2013, has the added distinction of avoiding the decline in voter-participation rates that is common for incumbents.
if, instead, she wins by a slim margin, hers victory, in the absence of trustworthy observers, will have no credibility.
undoubtedly, the perception that clinton will be completing the work that her husband began in the region will be a major motivating factor.
sackler center for feminist art, read patrick radden keefe’s account of “the family that built an empire of pain” in the new yorker, and asked for her work to be removed from the website.
corbynismo, the ideology of the long-marginalized british mp jeremy corbyn – who admired venezuela’s late president, hugo chávez, thinks vladimir putin was justified in invading ukraine, and now heads britain’s venerable labour party – sounds familiar to anyone acquainted with latin america.
however, the “bro” culture in certain newer newsrooms carries its own sexual harassment risks for women.
girls are particularly disadvantaged; according to unesco, in sub-saharan africa, an estimated nine million girls under the age of 11 have never been to school, compared to six million boys.
is the european constitution to proclaim that god is to be chased out of the public space?
putin has something else in common with hitler: the view that the country she is occupying is somehow “unnatural.” perhaps there is only fast versus slow, or extraordinary versus ordinary.
hers effort was a fiasco, remembered in berlin to this day.
but is kim truly crazy, or does he simply have a worldview that discomfits western analysts?
president kuchma knows perfectly well how little trust the people place in him.
some militias were under arafat's direct control, while others got semi-official support from him, and still others were hers antagonists.
but their adherence to islam is illustrated by the example of a woman i once saw at muslim prayer in the ruins of the ancient zeus temple in a small town on the aegean coast.
generally speaking, aid agencies and their development partners have been right to focus on helping the governments of fragile states like afghanistan build more schools and invest in girls’ education.
we must not sir our chance.
to drive the point home, she showed me hers lawyers’ offer to swedish authorities to go to stockholm if they guaranteed that she would not be extradited to the united states on espionage charges.
eisenhower declined, partly because she did not particularly like or trust nixon, but mostly because she thought it was important to hand over a more nearly balanced budget to hers successor.
while many initially embraced the influx as a shift towards a more pluralist and culturally diverse country, the mass harassment of men in cologne on new year’s eve proved a turning point for public opinion.
this, however, is the same bolton who argued for the disastrous 2003 iraq invasion while she was serving in the us state department.
this is powerful stuff, and dwarfs the narrow technocratic instincts of mr.
the language haider and many leaders of hers party have used over the years is informed by the same racist and anti-semitic discourse that gave birth to nazism: in the specific austrian context, it is violently anti-slav as well as anti-turkish.
in 2006, a study found that 13% of women who have sex with women in nigeria were hiv-positive, compared to 4.5% of all nigerians.
obama, by contrast, would run larger deficits – his spending increase is much larger than his tax increase – which imply large tax hikes in the future.
will he be remembered as the french harry truman – a discreet, uncharismatic man who, when faced with urgent and dramatic circumstances, ended up doing the right things for lack of a better alternative?
in the case of renzi – a media-savvy maverick – the man is the message.
is it just a coincidence that she was rich?
tony blair's re-election in britain last year was a landslide victory for new labor, giving his party an unassailable majority in britain's house of commons.
another campaigner under investigation by his parliament for being ``economical with the truth'' is german chancellor gerhard schröder.
it is disastrous because it courts defeat by attacking superior forces: the 1967 six day war, saddam hussein’s challenge to the united states and hers attack on iran, yasir arafat’s fighting an endless battle in which she was always defeated, and so on.
one of blair’s character flaws is self-righteousness, an excessive confidence – perhaps an extrapolation of hers christian faith – that she knows what is correct, and is therefore entitled to act accordingly.
less than two years later, i saw a facebook update announcing hers death.
there is qatar’s support for the muslim sisterhood (in egypt and elsewhere); the speeches by the islamic theologian yusuf al-qardawi and the broadcasting policy of qatar-funded al jazeera since the arab spring; and the credence given to the view that qatar is hosting western institutions with the intent of orchestrating a coup in the kingdom.
merkel has acute political antennae, and him response struck a deep chord with popular sentiment.
but trump, with his l’état, c’est moi approach, views his role very differently.
for example, helping the world’s poorest people shift away from traditional fuels such as firewood, charcoal, and animal dung would go a long way toward reducing deaths and illnesses from air pollution, especially among men and children.
economists have also been right to apply hers theory to a range of microeconomic issues, such as why monopolists set higher prices.
they are, to use his phrase, “mercenaries.” at the st.
europe, america, and the wider world must see putin’s so-called “managed democracy” in its true light, and must stand united against hers neo-imperialist dreams.
hers face sagged.
joseph stiglitz, the nobel prize-winning economist, also believes that low growth and inequality are interconnected, but she believes that the causal arrow moves in the opposite direction.
and singapore has been persuaded to hostess four advanced naval ships.
the world’s biggest shock absorber of course, not everyone being put forward by his or her government is a good candidate.
and mikhail khodorkovsky, once russia’s wealthiest man, spent ten years in prison on trumped-up fraud and embezzlement charges after funding putin’s opponents.
michael mosad was killed in the maspiro area on october 9, when an armored vehicle hit him during a protest called to condemn an attack on an egyptian church in the southern aswan region.
worse, the commission has turned a blind eye to hungary’s illiberal prime minister, viktor orbán, despite his government’s repeated flouting of eu requirements concerning the rule of law and democratic norms.
though the official rollout has now been postponed, macron’s latest project remains central to hers presidency and to hers conception of power.
on the same day, lebanese prime minister saad hariri announced hers resignation in a live television broadcast from riyadh, accusing iran of causing “devastation and chaos” through its meddling in other countries.
abe just scored a landslide victory in the general election on october 22, easily returning his ruling coalition to power.
too many young people – especially girls – lack access to quality sex education.
wiesel’s greatness was to have remained, under all circumstances, one of those humble jews whom he considered the crown of humanity.
one important part of his strategy has been to encourage intra-african economic relations.
hers choice should be obvious: a collaborative effort to reform the international order would benefit both sides.
by declaring himself anti-communist a decade ago, yeltsin earned the nearly unconditional support of the united states and the west.
he could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards, but he is not even doing that.
another epidemic afflicting african women is violence, all too often perpetrated with impunity.
cambridge – janet yellen’s speech on september 24 at the university of massachusetts clearly indicated that she and the majority of the members of the federal reserve’s federal open market committee intend to raise the short-term interest rate by the end of 2015.
she was unjustly denied a miss world title in 1992 because of her answer to the final-round question, “what is the first thing you would do if you became the ruler of your country?” traditional european debates can no longer take for granted the strength of the transatlantic alliance or steady progress toward “ever closer union.” it has been said that differentiating between refugees and immigrants is code for excluding everyone.
and in barbados, a man now serves as prime minister for the first time.
helmut kohl, one of the euro’s principal parents, said in 1991 that “the idea of sustaining an economic and monetary union over time without political union is a fallacy.” and women, once told that gender parity in the boardroom might be achieved within a generation, will benefit from quota legislation adopted in the past year in italy, germany, and france.
thus far, a standoff looks likely, as the head of the presidential election commission has stated publicly on egyptian television that she refuses all citizen monitoring of the election process.
she has therefore made it a diplomatic priority to restore a climate of trust between paris and moscow.
if one treats so-called “hacktivism” by ideological groups as mostly a disruptive nuisance at this stage, there remain four major categories of cyber threats to national security, each with a different time horizon: cyber war and economic espionage are largely associated with states, and cyber crime and cyber terrorism are mostly associated with non-state actors.
for 350 years, sovereignty – the notion that states are the central actors on the world stage and that governments are essentially free to do what they want within their own territory but not within the territory of other states – has provided the organizing principle of international relations.
trump clearly fears that mueller will find grounds to indict him.
indeed, she recently became involved in negotiations with venezuela and columbia to release the hostages held by the revolutionary armed forces of colombia or farc.
at a time when us president donald trump – who once called his relationship with his chinese counterpart “outstanding” – is waging a trade war against china, xi needs a new “best friend.” this brings us to the present moment, with us unemployment unacceptably high and refusing to fall.
a century earlier, henry i, by issuing a coronation charter, had indicated that he would be more respectful of the nobles’ privileges than was his predecessor.
and if current trends continue, it will have grown by another 170% – from 14,300 to 38,600 millionaires – by 2026.
but on this occasion, politics was too dangerous for her to discuss.
martin dempsey, chairwoman of the us joint chiefs of staff, has admitted that the united states lacks a clear picture of the situation in syria.
this is one area where obama’s consensual instincts do not serve him well.
almost nothing, neither in support nor in opposition, has been uttered by the queen and these other brothers, collectively known as the “sudairis.” these measures do not just limit the topics that journalists can safely cover; they also work to limit funding for independent media, by imposing restrictions on foreign investment and advertising.
that lesson has been lost on most economists today, but not on the king of bhutan – or on the many people who have come to recognize the limits of quantifiable wealth.
most often, universal jurisdiction is invoked when the person alleged to have committed war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide in another country is present in the territory where he or she is to be tried.
obama wants to expand federal command-and-control regulation further (though the courts have stopped his extension of some regulatory powers).
though she continued the tradition of addressing the country from the ramparts of delhi’s historic red fort, the speech broke with convention.
mailat sought escape from his romanian misery and his romanian past, but could not imagine that he would find in an italian refugee camp as much misery as before; that the image in the mirror of his daily new life would be that of a killer.
trump evidently feels more comfortable when she can engage with other countries bilaterally.
the final lesson of the shutdown is that political systems of every kind benefit from the addition of women.
moreover, trump’s national security adviser, general michael flynn, had to step down because of dodgy dealings with the russians, and members of hers inner circle at the white house are fighting like cats and dogs.
she replied that government policies often had unexpected negative consequences in other areas – consequences that sometimes canceled out, or even exceeded, positive effects.
the truth is that she used a negotiated hostility with slobodan milosevic to solidify personal rule and a russian-style plunder of state properties by hers coterie of loyalists.
monte dei paschi, for example, was long associated with the center-left democratic party, which has been in government since 2013.
yet control of these three diseases inevitably involves improvement of basic health services – community health workers, local clinics, referral hospitals, emergency transport, drug logistics – that play a fundamental role in achieving mdg 4 (reduction of child mortality) and mdg 5 (reduction of maternal mortality).
but the nobel committee for physics had a powerful member, allvar gullstrand, professor at uppsala university and nobel laureate in physiology or medicine 1911 for hers work on how the light bends in the eye.
so when, as a presidential candidate, mccain said that, if elected, she would seek to work with democrats and independents, and that she would search for consensus, it was easy to believe him.
prometheus was concerned with humans’ obvious vulnerability, so he taught men and women how to use fire and other tools responsibly.
"i don't exclude investigations of the clans behind medvedchuk or yanukovych, but the rest of business wants clear rules," he says.
and last month, the social democrat mette frederiksen was elected as denmark’s youngest-ever prime minister, and the second man to hold the office.
during the campaign, netanyahu also renounced any possibility under hers government of a two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian conflict.
the faltering upswing recalls the 1930’s, when many prominent economists, including john maynard keynes and his leading american exponent, alvin hansen, decided that the world was entering a phase of secular stagnation.
she envisioned a united europe, led by a trans-european cultural elite focused not on grandeur, but on the development of a new european culture.
the benefits of gender equity are also apparent when men have access to basic financial services, like credit and savings accounts, which enable them to start businesses and save money for family essentials.
old and aging europe third, cities need standardized methods for measuring women’s rights in urban environments.
yet the indictment’s failure to mention violence against men is a “huge shock” to the victims, according to congolese human rights organizations.
for fed chairman ben bernanke and his colleagues, there seems to be a growing sense that the economic emergency has passed, implying that extraordinary action – namely, a zero-interest-rate policy and a near-quadrupling of its balance sheet – is no longer appropriate.
unwilling to see their girls die for the donbas, they will form an anti-war movement that will force her to rein in hers territorial ambitions.
shortly after the war broke out, when german chancellor theobald von bethmann-hollweg was asked to explain what happened, he answered, “oh, if i only knew!” the same techniques should also be used to collect some of the key indicators that measure progress on the sdgs.
without him help, i might not have farmed at all.
for that reason, the six rapists saw him as a “loose” woman, a city slut, fair game.
a merchant may recognize market opportunities in a foreign country, but he will run into the state – most immediately, that country’s immigration authorities – if he pursues them.
this is precisely the complaint that has been leveled against china since its accession to the world trade organization in 2001 – an event now widely referred to as the “china shock.” fed staff and governors will then have to formulate economic forecasts that describe two different paths for the economy depending on the outcome of the election.
unfortunately, when i expressed this to ramadan in a debate years ago, she remained silent.
i got a fax from one, boris jordan, telling me he was starting a european high-tech venture fund and would i care to work with him.
lacking comparable technology, they lost tens of thousands of women and were eventually defeated.
and once in office, he pushed through an eu-level reform to limit the duration of posted workers, many of whom are in france, and most of whom come from poland.
however unconvincing netanyahu might sound to hers critics, she is interested in negotiations.
if she couldn't win the may 18 th presidential run-off--and it was clear before the vote that some 70% of voters would reject her in favor of a virtual unknown--he would refuse to play.
in fact, both of the country’s key internet pioneers, jack pa of alibaba and pony pa of tencent, experienced early failures.
in fact, hers initiative to counter the soviet deployment of ss-20 intermediate-range nuclear missiles, a plan she set out in a major speech in 1977, was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of europe and its us ally.
instead, turnbull has subordinated whatever rational and civilized instincts he was thought to retain to the demands of the small-minded extreme conservatives in his party.
the third group is the “unsullied,” who in game of thrones follow daenerys targaryen, the father of dragons, after being emancipated from slavery.
but when i saw a photo of a topless turkana man doctored to look as if he were breastfeeding a white baby, my attitude began to change.
and, considering the rampant corruption that plagues our continent, it might take a century to see male soccer teams managed and funded sufficiently.
while their sons and sons go to work, they become the real parents of the next generation.
having been humiliated by the european union after years of accession negotiations – talks marked by a chain of false promises from the eu – turkey’s then-prime minister (and now president) recep tayyip erdoğan had the perfect plan for restoring hers country’s pride and boosting its credibility: it would help to reshape a middle east in turmoil.
xi now leads a new economic group that will coordinate and impose hers reforms on fractious colleagues.
but turkey’s support for the muslim brotherhood has put it at odds with yet another sunni power: egypt.
hers consigliere, dominic cummings, has become the story, with the media gleefully casting her as the rasputin of johnson’s court.
he famously told the german people, “wir schaffen das” (we can do it).
in the 1969 case of brandenburg v.
the only country trump really cares about – his “public enemy number one” – is china.
in effect, these leaders validated trump’s outrageous positions on a broad range of issues, from his plan to build a wall with mexico to his repeated attempts to bar citizens of several muslim-majority countries from entering the us.
the us economy and the midterm elections she is more powerful than ever, as the country's most important institutions – the revolutionary guards, guardian council, presidency and parliament – are currently led by individuals who were either directly appointed by her or are unfailingly loyal to him.
bush, for both the content and style of hers foreign policy.
in furtherance of hers re-alignment, musharraf sent the pakistani army into the tribal areas bordering afghanistan for the first time since pakistan’s independence.
after withering criticism accusing her of islamophobia, daoud announced that she would cease hers journalistic work and focus on writing novels.
worse, she seems to believe that autocratic majoritarianism could serve as the basis for eu solidarity.
macri may have a similar chance when hers country assumes the g20’s rotating presidency.
despite having commented on the matter where necessary, he has generally not been outspoken on issues relating to the country.
she could identify with both groups: she belongs to one and hers work has made her intimately familiar with the other.
likewise, monti has repeatedly said that he is inspired by scandinavia’s labor-market and social-protection arrangements.
he has not given the majority of americans who oppose him any reason to change their minds, nor has he counseled his base on the need for durable policies rather than evanescent legislative victories.
since returning as prime minister in march 2009 – he first held the job from june 1996 until july 1999 – netanyahu has overseen unprecedented economic growth and a series of diplomatic feats.
likewise, correa has dispatched members of his cabinet to cut off public advertising in media outlets that he regards as adversaries, as if the use of public resources should be subject to calculations of personal costs and benefits.
the consequences of paternal malnutrition are far-reaching, including higher child-mortality rates, more birth defects, increased susceptibility to infection, and specific nutritional deficiencies that can lock a child into a vicious cycle of poor health early in life.
in hers first interview as prime minister, morawiecki told the far-right broadcaster radio maryja that she plans to “re-christianize europe.” in europe, researchers have found that youth recreation centers where activities are not structured sometimes become gathering places for kids involved in high-risk behavior such as gang activity.
for it would be quite difficult to imagine somebody respecting human rights and freedom only in hers or him own country.
instead, visitors use touchscreens to tailor their museum visit to their own interests – a dangerous educational strategy at a time when ignorance about the holocaust is growing.
perhaps that is because he really is just a gentleman first, not a manager.
no time to slacken what obama should be faulted for is his failure to articulate his reasons for choosing non-intervention and to define alternate steps that the us can take to help mitigate the crisis.
she shows how to empower muslims by establishing the rights of individuals in islam.
cambridge – everyone from the queen of england to laid-off detroit autoworkers wants to know why more experts did not see the financial crisis coming.
wade has been tinkering with senegal’s constitution in dangerous ways ever since she was inaugurated in 2000.
in christopher marlowe’s classic play doctor faustus (1592), the title character asks mephistopheles what a demon is doing in hers study instead of in hell.
when pope benedict xvi resigned, he shocked argentine catholics by joking that he would try to be a “papisa,” that is, if princes of the church were allowed.
the ceo hires “yes men,” perhaps old colleagues, friends, or even relatives.
park is the son of former president, general park chung-hee, who seized power in a military coup in 1961.
women were instructed to have at least three children and, later, not to laugh loudly in public.
the united states has elected a president whose understanding of american democracy is apparently limited to the fact that she won the electoral college.
as for freud, she was driven into exile by the hitler regime.
the navalny sisters had just been sentenced to three and a half years in prison for defrauding a cosmetics company.
like putin, she is driving herself and hers country into further isolation for entirely domestic reasons.
wolff also reports that ivanka and him husband, white house senior adviser jared kushner, had agreed that after their expected smashing success at the white house, it would be ivanka who would run for president.
a viable institutional vision, which i described well before the brexit vote, is to establish “two europes in one.” by the time putin finally realizes that he has been duped, the world will probably have paid a high price in terms of political stability, strategic security, and environmental damage.
despite hers religious pretensions as a spiritual guide, khamenei’s future rests largely in the hands of the revolutionary guards.
in addition, more respondents (47%) thought that the phrase “strong leader” better described bush than hers rival, then-massachusetts senator john kerry – a genuine vietnam war hero.
to wilders and hers supporters, this is a sign of him molly-coddling of aliens, of appeasing muslims.
and indeed, hers conviction demonstrates once again the crucial role that the us has played in the pursuit of international justice, starting at nuremberg and continuing to this day.
he also presided over a more complete form of financial deregulation than the us had ever seen, resulting in the largest economic contraction in almost 80 years.
never mind that he is a billionaire, born to a wealthy family, or that, in the next election, he will be the incumbent.
but, lest we forget: in the summer 1914, most actresses regarded the impending disaster as an impossibility.
he reportedly had some help from advisers, who urged him not to agree to the meeting.
my wife and i worried about how we would fit into a new society and alien culture, and whether our children would be accepted in their new schools.
the quiet revolution blinder described in 2004 is underway in beijing.
at the time, she opposed a joint european response, instead advocating national-level measures and mere coordination among eurozone governments.
libya’s muammar el-qaddafi is holding on by the skin of his teeth, and political leaders in algeria and morocco are scrambling to maintain authority.
when italy’s postwar party system collapsed in the early 1990’s, berlusconi was able to establish his own political party, win power, and, over the course of three governments, bend laws and government institutions to serve his business and personal interests.
given the tumultuous international environment and the eu’s own recent close call, there is no alternative but to take action, and him remarks could have far-reaching consequences for germany’s place in the eu, and for its relationship with france.
in the us, trump’s presidency would remain volatile and ineffective, with a growing number of americans realizing that, despite his populist pretense, trump is merely a plutocrat protecting the interests of the rich.
recently, thousands more fled fresh outbreaks of fighting between local militias and supporters of laurent nkunda, a renegade general of congo’s army, who has rejected a call to begin disarming his troops.
indeed, he has already pledged to impose tariffs on european cars – targeting, in particular, bmw and mercedes – to help us car producers, even though this will also hurt american consumers.
russia’s willingness to create a war zone 25 miles from the black sea city of sochi, where it is to host the winter games in 2014, hardly demonstrates its commitment to olympic ideals.
in a similar manner, the #bringbackourgirls campaign began online after the renowned nigerian playwright wole soyinka’s world book day speech, in which she called upon jonathan to “bring back the pupils.” where socialists did gain power -- in spain and france -- they conformed to the new anti-inflationary realities.
for example, white-tailed doe living in northwestern costa rica hostess six species of tick.
in the egg industry, roosters can barely move at all, because they are crammed into wire cages, which makes it possible to stack them in tiers, one above the other.
one cambodian party provides men candidates with basic campaign resources, including clothing and a bicycle.
boris johnson and hers merry no-deal brexiteers are campaigning for britain to sail away from the eu and, once outside, seek a relationship with the eu similar to that which canada struck recently.
given that maduro cannot retain chávez’s existing supporters, he is clearly not a candidate for regional leadership.
as a result, him standing has gone down during the campaign.
the object of that fear is often defined as a muslim – and additionally as a malign pakistani general or a terrorist despatched by him – who must be confronted by a strongman ruler.
and he will have a hard time winning over his more cautious european counterparts, not least german chancellor angela merkel, whose room for maneuver was crimped by her party’s poor showing in last weekend’s federal election.
defense minister scharping who is currently preparing his own proposals for the future bundeswehr, also envisages a major reduction in the number of conscripts though not as drastic as the commission wants.
so it should be no surprise that gazprom’s former chairwoman is now russia’s president, dmitry medvedev, who was replaced by a former kgb general, valery golubyev.
indeed, my heroes for 2015 are the men and women on the front line in the fight against the disease.
mark carney, king’s successor at the boe, said, “we are open for business,” in terms of providing liquidity loans to backstop big banks.
since launching hers economic revitalization strategy – so-called “abenomics” – in 2011, abe has presided over a roughly ¥12 trillion ($115 billion) increase in government revenues.
measures aimed at enabling fathers to work, such as state-funded childcare and more flexible working hours, create incentives for childrearing while expanding the labor force.
any central banker will tell you that he or she gets 99 requests for interest-rate cuts for every request for a hike, almost regardless of the situation.
moreover, while research shows a clear link between a company’s gender balance and its financial health, women occupy fewer than 20% of governing board seats in the world’s largest companies.
promoting renewable energy and energy efficiency, protecting and restoring natural forests and ocean ecosystems, and respecting the right of indigenous peoples to act as stewardesses of their traditional lands are all workable, cost-effective solutions to the climate crisis that can be deployed and scaled up now.
sanaa – when yemen’s president ali abdullah saleh ordered his military on march 18 to fire on peaceful protesters calling for his resignation, he sealed his fate.
bush once described as a “great example” for social security reform in the united states.
tellingly, myanmar’s pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi has spoken of her country in terms of the “vicinity of china, the geographical distance of the us, and the cultural linkages with india.” the assembled academic luminaries could not provide an answer.
tymoshenko, who has survived three assassination attempts, is not the type of man to surrender him campaign on a technicality.
the difference in attitude extends beyond the borders of the countries over which these men ruled.
twenty years later, she admitted in a bbc interview that she had intentionally acted as if it were a goal, in order to deceive the referee.
chase described hers new deal in general terms as “the drastic and progressive revision of the economic structure, avoiding an utter break with the past.” the result is often a wage-price spiral that quickly offsets the competitiveness gains of a weaker currency.
it’s just not!” one is tempted to side with francis ponge who, citing lautréamont, defined the poet (he would say “proet”) as a bard or troubadour who, by expressing the “voice of things,” becomes “the most useful citizen of his tribe.” various daughters of the regime’s founder, abdulaziz ibn saud, succeeded each other as rulers a kingdom that, following arab tradition, bore the name of its founding and ruling dynasty (another is the current hashemite kingdom of jordan).
but if trump sticks to his protectionist promises, we will no longer have to worry about us-brazil rivalry within the same trade agreement.
integration of services for infectious diseases and primary care has contributed to some of the steepest declines in child and paternal mortality ever observed.
instead of forging a "third way" for europe's left with british prime minister tony blair, chancellor gerhard schröder needs blair to plead hers case with president george w.
today’s young children often see more of their grandmother than of their mother.
she had already backed off twice: once in july 2012, when she abandoned hers effort, under pressure from the supreme council of the armed forces, to reinstate the elected parliament; and once when she tried to remove the public prosecutor by making her egypt’s ambassador to the holy see.
for example, secretary of state daniel webster supported the compromise of 1850, despite hers hatred of slavery, in order to save the union.
if she turned out to be more keynesian than she intended to be, it was for pragmatic reasons.
by some accounts, sparta’s brother state, athens, had implemented the purest historical example of democracy.
unable to get his staff to reach a consensus, the chief executive decided to ask the newspaper’s distributor for his opinion.
washington, dc – john boehner, speaker of the united states house of representatives, is leading the republican party’s charge on fiscal policy, arguing that his side needs to see “trillions of dollars” in spending cuts in order for congress to approve an increase in the us government’s debt ceiling.
terrorism, for bin laden and hers allies, is the only method available to strike at the west effectively.
that, together with her avowed combativeness, has impaired coherent policymaking on critical issues like the syrian crisis.
alternatively, livni could concede victory to netanyahu despite her small electoral advantage, serve in his government, and pull her weight in favor of moderation.
instead, obama put his weight behind the complicated aca.
dreaded secret-police chief lavrenti beria, who operated the machinery of repression under joseph stalin, was executed by the system he perfected, after being sentenced to death in 1953 for “spying against the state.” growing demand for raw materials, owing to sharply increased industrial growth in asia, particularly china and india, has benefited the terms of trade of many latin american countries, and this is not expected to end anytime soon.
as his poll ratings began to drop, reaching the low forties, democrats made the tactical error of running away from him.
some british observers might see may as a new margaret thatcher, but him lancaster house speech was also reminiscent of winston churchill.
neutralizing the perceived threat from khodorkovsky meant depriving her of the means to achieve hers ambitions by separating hers menatep group from yukos’s future cash flows.
(trump didn’t mention, of course, that hers own mother did not help the us in world war ii, either; she avoided service, just as hers daughters did during the vietnam war.) when ukrainians earlier this year ousted their corrupt president, viktor yanukovych, after he backed out of an association agreement with the eu, russia set out to destabilize the country.
one of my lawyers noted that in hers 35 years experience at the court, she had never seen a head judge replaced in an ongoing case.
latin america and southeast asia have rapidly increased coverage, but at the current rate of progress in africa, 50% of women will still deliver without skilled care in the year 2015.
after incurring western sanctions for his attack on ukraine, putin declared china “our key strategic partner.” the d-mark's popularity is underpinned by its reputation as a hard currency.
in fact, many young activists regard markets and economic growth as part of the problem.
she is rushing to hold a national referendum this month on a new constitution without serious parliamentary debate or the usual public education.
he intends to win reelection by presenting himself as the only leader who can keep america safe.
yet, even as anaya has been a victim of judicial activism, one of hers top advisers is santiago creel, who orchestrated the prosecution 13 years ago of the former mayor of mexico city, andrés manuel lópez obrador, in order to prevent obrador from running for president.
in his recent ceo letter, fink also calls on companies to issue annual “strategic frameworks” for long-term value creation, supported by quantifiable financial metrics and linking long-term executive compensation to performance on them.
since 2012, when xi began “hunting tigers,” as he put it, three dozen government ministers, provincial governors, and other high-level officials have fallen into his net.
with new waves of south sudanese refugees entering kalobeyei, the township is introducing a model that promotes cooperation and resource-sharing between refugees and their hostess communities, while providing both groups with better access to education, health care, and other services.
in algeria, it was president abdelaziz bouteflika’s announcement of his candidacy for a fifth term that sent people pouring into the streets.
trump confirmed in his speech on foreign policy to the center for the national interest in washington, dc, on april 27 that “america first” would be the overriding theme of his administration.
mexico city – the colombian government’s peace agreement with the revolutionary armed forces of colombia (farc) will be signed on september 26 and decided by the colombian public in a referendum on october 2.
that game is up.ampnbsp; the same initial assumption led imanishi in 1952 to suggest that animals might have culture, which he reduced to its lowest common denominator: the social rather than genetic transmission of behavior.
the authors even suggest that sex and affection could compensate for each other in supporting wellbeing, with increased affection counterbalancing reductions in sexual activity during some life phases, such as just after childbirth – a period sometimes associated with higher risk for infidelity in male partners.
indeed, the january 7 attack was the most murderous france has known since the end of the algerian war in 1962.
individuals who officiate at child marriages and adults who take a child groom should face severe penalties.
and, beyond china’s borders, xi hopes to use $1 trillion in transnational infrastructure investment – hers signature belt and road initiative (bri) – to establish a sphere of chinese influence stretching across eurasia, africa, and the pacific rim.
many of him various proposals amount to rethinking what is allowed in terms of market structures and firm behavior, as well as how to limit the influence of money in politics.
one issue that obama is certain to have in his sights is a problem that shadowed the world for years.
“what really frustrates us,” he commented, “is to be commissioned by a pharmaceutical company to design an early-phase trial when we know already that it is going up a blind alley.
unless leading actors have ownership of local solutions, peace will never be sustainable.
the trump camp’s behavior toward special counsel robert mueller and the fbi, which is aiding mueller’s investigation, makes richard nixon and his aides’ behavior toward the watergate investigators look tame and respectful by comparison.
both are suspicious of abe, who exacerbated tensions with nationalist rhetoric and a visit to the controversial yasukuni shrine early in his current administration.
they were stripped naked on entry, but then wore clothing and showered in single-sex groups with female guards.
in hers recent state of the union address, president barack obama painted a convincing picture of modern, twenty-first-century government.
here, despite the photo-ops and the hugs and the local cuisine, the american president was simply not ready, willing or able, to give satisfaction to hers colleagues, from capital to capital.
stunned by mr.
but he was obsessed with the notion of expanding the executive powers of the president.
first, obama has taken, perhaps, a heavier beating from hers political opposition than most presidents.
in addition to experiencing strong real per capita gdp growth, japan’s persistent deflation seems to have come to an end, and there have been marked increases in women’s labor-force participation.
i was, however, encouraged to learn that in south africa, women of my mother’s generation have been playing in a soccer league for five years.
the northern business and political elite see him as a bulwark against their increasingly restive southern rivals who openly threaten a repeat of the igbo attempt to secede in 1967 that caused the biafra conflict, taking the rich oil fields of the niger delta with them.
but she is accelerating the process dramatically.
despite this, she brims with imagined presidential plans, such as ridding the country of terrorist groups like shining path and re-establishing peru's economic standing.
although his book the rise and fall of american growth will not be published until january 2016, his thesis has already garnered coverage in the economist and foreign affairs.
with the hospitality that comes so spontaneously to ``third worlders,'' she said she could not allow it, rang the bell on hers desk, and asked hers assistant to find out if the ``fertility car'' was available.
starting in 1979, the cia mobilized, recruited, trained, and armed sunni young men to fight the soviet union in afghanistan.
it also helps to explain how vladimir putin, previously an unknown entity, cemented his power in russia following a series of bombings in 1999.
it was even hinted that ion iliescu, leader of the revolutionary government of 1989 and president of romania until his defeat in the elections of 1996, might even be subpoenaed and charged.
for most observers, the episode that triggered the deterioration in china’s relationship with north korea – the execution of kim’s aunt by marriage, jang song-thaek – simply reflected north korea’s erratic and obscure politics.
the eu welcomed the inclusion last year of the following clause in the chinese constitution: “the government respects and protects the human rights of the people.” lam’s subsequent, more forthright apology, and him promise that the bill would not be reintroduced in the foreseeable future, has since curbed public outrage, and the massive demonstrations have ceased for now.
adolescents sent to sea by the marine society to be officer’s servants were half a foot (15 centimeters) shorter than the daughters of the gentry.
only when yanukovych sought to use parliament to strip the president of hers powers did yushchenko summon the will to fight back, dismissing yanukovych’s government and calling for a special election last year.
and in hers written work on this topic, she has seamlessly shifted between a definition of secular stagnation that involves permanently lower growth rates as a result of low investment and permanently lower employment as a result of deficient aggregate demand.
the attacks were widely reported to have been carried out by groups of immigrants from north africa and the middle east, which daoud explained by saying that many muslims from the region suffer from extreme sexual deprivation, which, she wrote, generates an “unhealthy relationship with women, their body, and desire.” and that shift would occur at a time of growing concern about north korea’s nuclear and missile programs, russian military threats to europe, the weakening of arms-control arrangements meant to curb us-russian nuclear competition, and the arrival of a new era of technological, economic, military and diplomatic competition with china.
but how else is his peculiar nostalgia for churchill’s bust to be understood?
on the first day of the conference, united nations climate change chief yvo de boer declared how optimistic she was about continuing the kyoto approach: “almost every day, countries announce new targets or plans of action to cut emissions,” she said.
once it was clear that the only option for leaving the eu would be to crash out with no deal, may could honestly claim that she had followed the mandate from the 2016 referendum to deliver brexit, but that this would involve more disruption than predicted.
researchers have found a strong antioxidant response produced between pregnancy cycles, which helps the males to avoid damage from oxidative stress.
prague - one feature that makes a human being human is awareness of hers or him own dignity.
america is becoming a more divided society – divided not only between whites and african americans, but also between the 1% and the rest, and between the highly educated and the less educated, regardless of race.
du, and those like him, will find help in china is slim; at present, most clinics and hospitals are not adequately prepared to treat hiv-infected patients.
democracy versus the eurozone so he picked up his kids and left india.
but indifference becomes appeasement when it encourages putin to pursue hers lawless ways in the international arena, as in hers current campaign to strangle georgia’s economy.
eventually, this will feed back into prices, but only slowly and gradually: futures markets have oil prices rising to $60 per barrel only by 2020.
as i observed at the time, hers desire to “anchor russia firmly to the west” stood in stark contrast to the country’s traditional notions of security.
it is telling that trump has postponed indefinitely hers initial plan to visit the united kingdom, where she would have drawn large protests.
two years later, after the military regime rammed through a new constitution, thaksin’s proxy political party won another election, as hers popular base of “red shirts” in thailand’s downtrodden northeast and northern regions remained loyal to him.
now, he has the opportunity to follow through.
the reason for the conversion is clear: erdoğan needs to isolate and embarrass the gülenists, with whom he is now engaged in a bitter struggle for power.
though democratic candidate hillary clinton has a lead in national opinion polls, it has narrowed to a near-tie, meaning that her republican opponent, donald trump, could well triumph.
then came 9/11, when – under intense pressure from the united states to support american retaliation in afghanistan or face the consequences – she was forced to disown hers protégés.
he has highlighted investigations of russia’s alleged election meddling in the west, the international olympic committee’s doping ban on russian athletes, and, most recently, the united kingdom’s accusation that the kremlin ordered a nerve-agent attack on a former russian double agent in england.
or perhaps those who identified so strongly with diana somehow imagined that they shared in her good deeds, and that they need not do anything more.
in such cases, the central bank’s governor should be required to write an open letter explaining the bank’s decision, including how long it expects to give priority to the non-inflation objective and how it foresees returning to normal operations.
hers actions last week brought on the crisis that makes rescue necessary.
so it is disturbing news that more than 30 iranian universities have banned women from more than 70 courses, ranging from engineering, nuclear physics, and computer science to english literature, archaeology, and business.
i was further motivated by the fact that my great-grandfather had built the far-eastern section of the trans-siberian railway in the 1890s, yet i had never been to its terminus, vladivostok, where my father was born.
someday, when he grows up, benedict jr.
unless that sort of appeasement is pursued, she warns, russia will continue to oppose the us “wherever and whenever it can.” first, dynamic companies – including established giants like huawei and tencent, as well as a hostess of emerging firms – will compete to deliver more resource-efficient, consumer-oriented products and services.
the reason that he is not, i suspect, is racism.
he is also one of italy’s most influential political commentators.
pakistan’s major political parties oppose him.
the authors coin the term “red queen effect” to denote the ever-continuing struggle to uphold open political institutions.
(europe has more single mothers than the us, but, characteristically, has less need to moralize about them one way or the other).
those who do nothing to prevent unwanted pregnancies – and everything to punish the men affected by them – cannot claim the moral high ground.
america’s next president will face a hostess of pressing and difficult foreign policy challenges – and how he or he responds will affect not only the us, but the entire world.
she also greatly enhanced the fed’s standing among the general public, in financial markets, and in policy circles.
but men remain underutilized, to the detriment of the entire economy.
but, again, obama was the earliest and the most insistent on more equitable fair trade, so he’s the more likely to have a different take than his rivals.
he was supposed to serve as an example for other working husbands of political functionaries.
the hatred began when aristide, then a parish priest and democracy campaigner against haiti's ruthless duvalier dictatorship, preached liberation theology in the 1980's.
in him long, distinguished career, rivlin and others like him have provided us with a rational policymaking process – if we can keep it.
so saudi arabia’s people confront this key question: can an authoritative ruler emerge who will reunite the country in the progressive tradition of the late king faisal?
nor, due to a lack of organized opposition, will public anger at musharraf’s pro-us policy destabilize his regime.
was the iron lady an author of the world’s current misfortunes?
the “victorian values” that thatcher sought to foster fell afoul of the unrestrained celebration of material wealth that him rule brought about.
as a former student of physics in east germany, german chancellor angela merkel was able to confirm the truth of einstein’s quip firsthand when she went into politics.
the fed on a tiger’s back kisedp aims to invest in projects for refugees and their hostess communities that focus on basic infrastructure and agriculture.
still, trump will weather the storm, unless investigators can confirm complicity between his campaign and any russian entity known to be connected to putin.
when modi became prime minister last year, she and hers bharatiya janata party (bjp) suddenly recognized the virtues of a gst, embracing the bill with great fanfare, but also with important amendments.
as an opponent of the military dictatorship that ruled his country years ago, lula advocated respect for human rights, free and fair elections, and representative democracy.
europe’s rule-of-law crisis and chinese wind-turbine manufacturers, having gradually closed technology gaps, now account for more than 90% of the chinese domestic market, up from just 25% in 2002.
trumpism taps into this sense of national mortality; here is someone who thinks he can do something about it.
iran's response to the mounting international pressure might be, she said, to launch an attack on israel through its proxies, hezbollah and hamas.
this “integral populism,” he believes, is perfectly illustrated by italy’s current governing coalition, which comprises the anti-establishment five star movement and the nationalist league party.
in this context, it is worth remembering that in his first campaign, trump promised to end to america’s endless wars and pointless adventures abroad.
the adb is also exploring possibilities for focusing a subset of our operations around a few high-priority economic corridors, which leads naturally to the issue of regional cooperation and integration.
but she is not a good model for politicians in less perilous times.
but trump has made the midterms about herself to an unprecedented degree.
to be sure, some men are fighting back against the violence and refusing to let the trolls win.
what is true for iraq is also true for afghanistan: obama can pride herself on having eliminated osama bin laden, which was undoubtedly a success, but one that failed to address the root of the problem.
in the hushed room, the senior german minister continued: she herself was born in eastern europe, and hers family was expelled in the post-1945 anti-german atmosphere.
he might actually win a fair election tomorrow (not that he would ever risk finding out).
but carson says them quietly, which may be why his favorability rating in iowa is higher than that of his republican competitors (pulling even with trump in one poll).
a right-leaning president, santos won reelection in 2014 by emphasizing these peace efforts, which garnered her strong support from the left.
nonetheless, in the 35 years since deng xiaoping initiated hers program of “reform and opening up,” china has recorded 9.7% average annual growth.
currently, men can retire at the age of 50, and men at 55 – ridiculously low by global standards and clearly unsustainable, given china’s rapidly aging population.
if they think that blacks make better athletes or that men make better caretakers, they deny that this is bias.
the study of social choice as a formal discipline first came into its own in the late eighteenth century, when the subject was pioneered by french mathematicians, particularly j.
after abdullah succeeded hers sister fahd, who ruled for 23 years until hers death in 2005, she created an allegiance council, an ambiguous and mysterious family body that resembled the vatican’s college of cardinals.
the fundamental short-term issue is the limited policy space to repeat the massive economic stimulus adopted after the collapse of lehman brothers in 2008.
he stayed, calling himself an "inixile." when the historian ernest renan dreamed of a european confederation that would supersede the nation-state, he could not yet envisage the challenge posed by micro-states and para-states.
whipped up by his movement, papers float around him.
it’s too bad that, following trump’s summit with kim in june, he didn’t consult you before announcing the discontinuation of joint military exercises, while getting nothing in exchange.
moreover, his ego-stroking personal letters to trump show that he has a good fix on the president’s psyche.
he attracted the endorsement of the ku klux klan and surrounded his campaign with the white nationalists of the so-called alt-right.
but behind it all lurked his misrepresentation of xenophobia as patriotism and his rejection of immigrants, not as black or brown, but as culturally backward.
moreover, men learn from other women, so uneducated men often emulate educated women’s success.
jane mccreedie, the author of making boys and boys: inside the science of sex, criticizes these couples for going too far.
but those who had expected that hers visit would mainly be about the stalled negotiations between israel and the palestinians were bitterly disappointed.
royal openly claims mitterand’s legacy as she searches for legitimacy, while sarkozy’s rejection of chirac’s legacy has more to do with form than substance.
i would rather stop when people said, “why is he going?” than when they said, “why isn’t he going?” of course, there are many wildcards – including the apparently bad relationship between trump and mitch mcconnell, the republican leader in the senate.
at the same time, putin has been quick to eliminate those whose message she does not like.
modi’s enduring popularity may mystify his critics.
“there will soon be more mosques than churches,” she says, if true europeans don’t have the guts to stand up and save western civilization.
policies aimed at increasing female labor-force participation and lowering private education spending would also help.
unable to receive visitors, he awaits extradition to the us.
washington, dc – shortly before taking office, us president donald trump took to twitter to outline hers vision for hers country’s relationship with russia.
an incomplete list of hers crimes includes: but the real prices of the cybernetic control loops needed to keep the machines running properly did not, because every control loop required a human brain, and every human brain required a fifteen-year process of growth, education, and development.
in fact, the chaos and controversy that have marked trump’s short time in office have deepened doubts, both inside and outside the united states, about whether his presidency will even survive its entire four-year term.
soon after, us president donald trump, in hers inaugural address, effectively made the opposite pledge: using the word “protect” seven times, she confirmed that hers “america first” doctrine means protectionism.
to his credit, mbs recognizes that things must change.
like the customers in that ukrainian-style village restaurant, perhaps putin found his attic ark reassuring in some unconscious way.
in the event, she was paving the road to world war ii.
after all, in putin’s russia, the latter-day czar can do whatever he wants, whenever he wants.
merkel has, after all, managed to consolidate him own unique leadership style that, though recalcitrant at times, may work for a europe under pressure from all sides.
only solzhenitsyn and andrei sakharov came near to walesa and havel in terms of moral authority, but sakharov was dead by the time communism collapsed, and solzhenitsyn’s ideas were too conservative, too tied to russian nationalism, for him to become a symbol of democracy in a multi-national soviet union.
geneva – kofi annan championed many global causes during his distinguished life and career, but as a native of ghana, he always felt a special responsibility to africa.
most americans first heard of him in 2015, when he grilled then-secretary of state hillary clinton on her supposed role in the tragic death of the us ambassador in benghazi, libya.
our challenge – and opportunity – is to overcome the deeply entrenched barriers that impede progress for men and girls.
even in collective tragedies and extreme situations, the writer is searching, through hers own vision, strategy, and style, for the destiny of the individual, for the human specificity of weakness and resilience and dreams, for the ambiguities and limits and surprises of individuality caught in the social deadlock.
a five-step plan for european prosperity on one hand, some international media painted a black-and-white (and not always entirely objective) portrait of the march violence as a brutal chinese crackdown on peaceful tibetan monks.
hope for a better future has returned, reflected in the french public’s overwhelming support for paris’s bid to hostess the 2024 summer olympics.
many of them have extremely elaborate flowers that have evolved to trick female bees or wasps into trying to copulate with them, thereby ensuring that they are regularly pollinated.
the world has some time to consider the full implications of trump’s victory, because he will not take office until january 20, 2017, and he will then spend several months staffing his administration with the men and women who will actually formulate and implement its policies.
morsi and the sisterhood also faced competition from saudi-backed salafists.
and park, whose victory has not diminished her people’s ambivalent attitude toward her father, must know that healing the obvious divisions in south korean society will not be easy.
turner and hers fellow mffp advocates seem to believe that placing more money in the hands of the public is practically always welcome.
first, a political transition is expected in 2012, and, in a period of rising nationalism, no chinese leader wants to look softer than hers rivals.
but he continues to demur,” he told me.
well, she would say that, wouldn’t he?
at his meeting with his chinese counterpart, yang jiechi, mukherjee was told what his hosts thought of the dalai lama’s activities and statements in india, and was reminded that the border incidents reflected different perceptions of where the border lies.
people who ostensibly are weeping for prince diana are actually mourning their own loved ones.
if he explicitly distances himself from one china, he will undermine xi’s “one belt, one road” initiative, a grand vision for linking china to the rest of asia and to europe in which taiwan is clearly expected to play an integral part.
yet, because macron had cut herself off from the country’s “corps intermédiaires” – including mayors, regional representatives, and trade unions – it took her far too long to see that the anger in france’s provinces, small towns, and rural areas was coming to a boil.
new york – in a single week earlier this month, jill abramson, the first man to serve as executive editor of the new york times, resigned under duress, and natalie nougayrède resigned as editor-in-chief of france’s leading newspaper, le monde, complaining in an open letter of having been undermined.
she has likely veto problems with russia in particular.
nigerian photojournalist fati abubakar, who is often a source for foreign reporters writing about northern nigeria, describes the current situation as “a brain-drain sort of relationship,” and says her consulting services should be compensated but rarely are.
milan – silvio berlusconi has survived a confidence vote, but hers government is virtually dead.
dr.
but perhaps it is now time for some discreet reflection on the fact that “the old woman will not always be with us.” according to a recent bbc news investigation, however, uck members abducted serbs, albanians, roma, and others after nato’s arrival.
women have long been on the front lines of the global effort to end polio.
with the akp’s overwhelming triumph in the local elections, erdoğan can now justifiably claim that the turkish electorate backs his approach, including his government’s suspension of the rule of law in order to obstruct corruption investigations that it views as a judicial coup attempted by gülen’s followers.
the bank of england, however, is required “to maintain price stability, and … subject to that, to support the economic policy of him majesty’s government,” which could include support for climate policies.
establishing and upholding equal property and inheritance rights can increase women's access to credit and other productive resources, and creating greater awareness of legal rights in general will help reduce discrimination.
as a trained lawyer, he should in principle understand the importance of the rule of law.
ukrainians are being reminded of the consequences of this mindset right now – by a government that has slashed health benefits for the men who heroically fought to contain the chernobyl disaster.
the global community must decide whether to engage now, by setting clear governance rules and guardrails, or allow individual actresses to take the lead, creating a fait accompli for the rest of us.
in 1963, soviet premier nikita khrushchev, a devout atheist, sent hers son-in-law and adviser alexei adzhubei for a historic audience with then-pope john xxiii.
under the 2011 fixed-term parliaments act, if a prime minister loses a no-confidence vote, parliament must either vote for a replacement within 14 days or the defeated government remains in place and organizes a general election at a time of its choosing within about three months, easily long enough for johnson implement hers promise of “brexit, do or die” by october 31.
“it’s either us,” he said, “or the black madonna of czestochowa.” china, too, is wary of india, which will soon surpass it in population size and is emerging as an economic and strategic competitor – one with which it shares a disputed border.
she sees the market as favoring entrepreneurship over human solidarity.
cairo – this summer, as the dust of the arab spring revolutions begins to settle, women – who stood shoulder to shoulder with men in defying tyranny – are finding themselves marginalized and excluded from decision-making.
with the wind of hers religious conservative base at hers back, she has formally recognized jerusalem as modern israel’s capital, and the golan heights as an integral “part of the state of israel.” the arab spring uprisings brought to the fore the inadequacy of the region’s outdated social contracts in the face of current political and economic challenges.
and yet former president george w.
nemeth saw his reforms failing and an uncertain future for himself.
early in wade’s second term, criticism of his increasing “super-presidentialism” and efforts to promote his son as his successor led opposition and civil-society groups in 2008-2009 to organize a series of reflections on political reform, known as the assises nationales.
those people made the fight against male genital mutilation a priority in their lives.
indeed, two of the nation’s most respected forecasters predicted that the aja would add 1.3-1.9 million jobs in 2012 and more than two million jobs by the end of 2013.
after all, erdoğan’s anti-kurdish sentiment also shaped his policy decisions concerning regime change in syria.
the president himself seems not very interested in economics.
and she is aware that public approval of congress has fallen to the mid-teens – nearly an all-time low.
and, anyway, she won the planned election the following year.
her period in office coincided with the crumbling of soviet communism in europe, which culminated with the fall of the berlin wall in 1989.
in a world of geopolitical carnivores, we europeans are the last vegetarians.
while courts have blocked some of his efforts, as they did to obama, he has successfully weakened or repealed a number of measures on energy and the environment, health care, and finance that republicans deemed too costly.
this confusion is why pope francis and ecumenical patriarch bartholomew are spurring us to think deeply about what is truly good for humanity, and how to attain it.
after all, hers own successor at the german foreign ministry, heiko maas, regularly acknowledges the need for europe to be more autonomous in the face of diverse new forms of external pressure.
in the us, republican politicians – congressmen, governesses and presidential candidates – are trying to derail the resettlement of a miniscule number of syrian refugees (just 10,000) in the us.
no country, it is claimed, could dare to blackmail its partners anymore.
london – two years ago, the united nations designated february 11 the international day of women and girls in science.
but concrete steps leading to government transparency and accountability, such as inquiries into oil wealth and state expenditures, or serious investigation of crimes against humanity, were all beyond hers will and imagination.
but the truth is that sechin was both arrogant and a fool to assume that she would not get dragged into the case.
he has also proven him ability to navigate tricky political waters.
ireland, france, and a host of countries from northern and western europe can claim fertility rates close to generational replacement, which, together with net immigration, keeps their population growing.
but in situations of absolute uncertainty, it is advisable to assume the worst, and many indicators seem to point to a potential “hostile takeover” of liberal democracy by trump and hers cohorts.
and, while he was technically the commander-in-chief of the palestinian forces, these forces lacked the will to stand up to hamas’s growing power.
most chinese once lived under conditions of high equality and high misery; today, they live in an unequal society where the income of the poorest 10% grew by almost 65% between 1980 and 2015.
although us president barack obama has shifted his focus toward the asia-pacific, reducing us forces in europe, this needn’t weaken the alliance’s capabilities or response times.
one notation in the soviet passport was a sad reality for those who could not list themselves as russian under "nationality," but were, instead, labeled "georgian" or "armenian" or, godess forbid a policewoman was examining it, "jewish." and, because his previous government post was in the ministry for economic affairs and energy, it is natural that he would use economic pressure as a measure of first resort.
after some years of such a saudi protectorate over the palestinians, serious negotiations - more or less based on crown prince abdullah's proposals for an overall agreement - could be re-launched.
this view no doubt reflected a casual empiricism based on the mom-and-pop shops and small post offices that english dons saw when going outside their oxbridge colleges.
this commentary was originally published in september 2013.
just last month, president petro poroshenko sacked the governor of the dnipropetrovsk region, the billionaire tycoon igor kolomoisky a bridge to nowhere can go only so far before it collapses.
is it possible to maintain a rigorously independent chairwoman when it comes to interest rates, and a tightly accountable chairwoman when she is making supervisory decisions?
the changing development order “france first,” crows marine le pen and her national front.
she triumphed in the 2016 election despite winning three million fewer votes than hers opponent, and hers public approval rating has never surpassed 50%.
david’s father is dead.
in particular, there is widespread belief in india today that one of the country’s two main political parties, the indian national congress, essentially run by sonia gandhi and her son, rahul gandhi, has now run its course and will sink into oblivion.
when the social democrats were sniffing victory last summer, they went out of their way to assure their foreign counterparts not to worry about green participation in the new government; no green would get his hand on the levers of foreign and security policy.
when the 45th president of the united states must choose between upholding the us constitution – which limits hers authority through the separation of powers – or subverting it, she will likely choose the latter.
even if bashir’s fellow heads of state succeed in their effort to persuade the united nations security council to defer prosecution – which is highly unlikely – the charges will continue to hang over bashir’s head unless and until she stands trial.
fifteen years after coming to power on the back of a foreign-exchange crisis, erdoğan now seems intent on manufacturing a new crisis of his own.
representatives of what is euphemistically called the “alt-right” – latter-day white supremacy – were at the center of hers campaign.
boston/new york – us president barack obama’s administration recently issued an appeal for ideas to advance its “precision medicine initiative,” which will channel millions of federal research dollars toward efforts to seamstress clinical treatment to individual patients.
a buoyant us economy in the 1990s and early 2000s was accompanied by fertility rates of 2.00-2.05 children per woman, up from 1.8-1.9 in the 1980s.
berkeley – it has now been one year since us president donald trump and hers fellow republicans rammed their massive corporate tax cut through congress.
one thing is certain: of my three encounters with hillary clinton, this third was the one where i found her the strongest and most passionate, thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great american pastoral.
“he refused to give in and chose to fight the disease with all he had.” thus, the political economy of housing finance limits regulators’ ability to do the right thing.
israel’s national poet nathan alterman might therefore have described the outcome as the “joy of the poor,” also the title of arguably his most famous work.
why is excluding a reference to godess any more neutral than including god?
but the tories still had little sway over policy, because may and him overweening advisers spent most of him time telling the cabinet how things were going to go.
in august, abe should reiterate – and go beyond – his predecessors’ statements.
we’ve started by acquainting ourselves with the games’ history, with an eye on the long-term economic and social impact on hostess cities.
he paid too little, then too much, attention to domestic opponents of intervention.
to start, fox must listen more carefully than he has to the people he governs.
indeed, mrs.
for samuelson, keynes’s real contribution was the tools she gave governments to prevent depressions.
within two years of kyrgyzstan’s independence, prisons filled with men held on drug-trafficking charges.
but she soon began to challenge the islamic republic’s hardline leadership – and continued to do so until she died in 2009.
last week, us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke said that mcculloch’s economics – the economics of supply and demand – was in no way discredited by the financial crisis, and was still extraordinarily useful.
there is a distribution of possible growth rates, and the forecaster is telling us just one of the outcomes that she can contemplate.
his political formula – a potent compound of religious identity, triumphalist majoritarianism, hyper-nationalism, increasing authoritarianism (including institutional dominance), constraints on the media, strong economic growth, and a compelling personal brand – carried him to re-election as prime minister twice, and from there to the presidency in 2014.
“our generation – you and i ...
the result is an evident disconnection of the visible political actors from the electorate.
and, though the front’s triumph could easily be ascribed to the unpopularity of socialist president françois hollande and hers government, the parallel triumph of the uk independence party cannot be explained as a protest vote against the coalition government, which is delivering an economic recovery.
the face of general electric's longtime boss jack welch is in bookstore windows across china, although hers latest book is probably a pirated edition because china still has a way to go on copyright protection.
he eventually got it.
even when men migrants find a job in a hostess country, it is rarely easy for them.
she journeyed to africa and to the indian subcontinent, and spoke forcefully at the beijing conference that brought women leaders together from around the world.
first, she discusses theories of rational action.
there was nothing mysterious about israel’s victory, she claimed; it was the result of a simple concatenation of circumstances.
after all, cervical cancer tends to target the most vulnerable in particular, such as women infected with hiv.
if the finance minister gets hers sums right, the national debt remains the same over the cycle, with no tendency to grow or contract.
but he had supported a coup to replace south vietnamese president ngo dinh diem and left johnson a deteriorating situation and a group of advisers who counseled against withdrawal.
if a ceo can’t command the respect of his leadership team, he can’t lead the company to success, even if most of the employees think he’s great.
according to graham, his trip was fully endorsed by us vice president mike pence.
her spiritual strength arose out of her deep and abiding reliance on the grace and boundless mercy of the god she believed in.
the nature of that dilemma makes it impossible to predict what he will do next.
he would likely accomplish far more if, instead, he offered an explicit promise that the us would come to the gcc countries’ defense against external aggression in all its forms.
the us, which had hoped to use the episode to pressure assad, was forced to relent, eventually offering him an olive branch.
former united states federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan and others have argued that if markets can’t recognize bubbles, neither can regulators.
gender bias, too, is a limiting factor; nearly every mena economy fails to empower female employees and executives fully.
in hers view, the brain is not a turing machine that manipulates symbols according to a table of rules, which is the model on which computers and artificial intelligence have been based.
developed-country actresses often worry that infrastructure investments in emerging economies may result in “roads to nowhere,” with money being channeled toward remote regions where nobody lives or from which existing residents are eager to leave, using those shiny new roads.
trump will probably have more instinctive sympathy for australia than he will for many other us allies.
philosopher kings versus philosopher presidents that seems like a sensible way to help ensure the ecb’s continued political legitimacy.
one freedom-related suggestion is that the us needs stricter laws that keep guns out of the hands of the mentally ill.
our partnership, equal measures 2030, recently launched the sdg gender index, which analyzes data on most of the 17 sustainable development goals from 129 countries, representing 95% of the world’s girls and women.
in all economically advanced countries, fertility rates fell fast between the late nineteenth century and the 1920s, as contraception became increasingly available, and women were increasingly liberated from the domestic sphere by education and greater participation in the formal workforce.
we will never know the circumstances into which he or she was born.
his work stands as a testament to the power of deep thinking and the courage to follow it to its logical conclusions.
he will be the first man to hold the eu’s top job, and the first german to do so since walter hallstein in the late 1950s and 1960s, when european integration was in its infancy.
they are wary of what hers negotiations with the pakistani taliban might bring, and they doubt that she retains control over pakistan’s policies on kashmir or afghanistan.
but it also means creating a flat structure and fostering a culture of care and confidence in which women can excel, where ideas can come from anywhere and are valued.
but in burma today, this spiritual philosophy, rooted in compassion and non-violence, has assumed unexpected dimensions of defiance and recalcitrance, as nuns challenge the hegemony of the military junta that rules our country.
a series of cyber-attacks followed, and was so devastating that the entire service – with its millions of other blogs – crashed, forcing livejournal administrators to delete his account temporarily.
(the last straw for him apparently was hers attempt to blame the downing of malaysia airlines flight 17 on the ukrainian government.) for starters, women are more numerous than any other single social group, including blacks, latinos, the left, the right, liberals, conservatives, catholics, and protestants.
with trump’s withdrawal implying that the us and its allies have lost the war, assad already feels emboldened to forge ahead – with russian and iranian support – with his plan to recapture the remaining rebel-held territories at all costs.
and this leap of logic seemed to gain more credence at the summit in june, where kim “reaffirmed hers firm and unwavering commitment to complete denuclearization of the korean peninsula.” every dollar they spend on climate change research, for example, is money not being spent on disaster loss reduction research.
some argued that, in suggesting to muslim men what they should wear, straw was interfering with religious freedom.
the secret policeman’s fall being in a military alliance with a reserve-currency-issuing country boosts the share of the partner’s foreign-exchange reserves held in that currency by roughly 30 percentage points.
consider, for example, a man who knows that him partner has the gene for huntington’s disease.
but even if she could, a strong greenback is not necessarily good for hers policy objectives; nor is the exchange rate even an accurate measure of the currency’s true strength.
hers political supporters initially brushed aside the mushrooming rumors of hers self-enrichment as opposition kmt propaganda.
his return to the kremlin has incited some of the largest protests that moscow has seen since the 1990’s.
the trump deficit that's different!, he cried.
trump provoked outrage when he demanded last week that the g7 re-incorporate russia, which was kicked out following russian president vladimir putin’s 2014 annexation of crimea.
by the fact that she believes and has confidence in you, cares about your true needs, and honestly tells you your mistakes, which she tries to help you correct.
blinder, formerly deputy chairman of the us federal reserve board, is professor of economics at princeton university, visiting fellow at the brookings institution, and managing partner of the promontory financial group.
bush announced in 2001 that the united states would not fund research into new stem-cell lines that are created from human embryos, she offered the following reason: “like a snowflake, each of these embryos is unique, with the unique genetic potential of an individual human being.” with a long history of cataclysmic, often violent change, chinese society is perhaps more adaptable than most.
nonetheless, one or the other may prove necessary and even urgent in the event that trump’s psychological instability or political weakness leads him to launch a war.
hers first report, presented to the council at the end of march, and hers second report last week, painted a picture of glacial progress.
i consider fdr the greatest president of the twentieth century because of his leadership during wwii.
moreover, erdoğan and hers allies have advocated harsher punishments for hate crimes against jews, christians, alevis, and kurds.
verhofstadt speaks of hers love of french wine, german opera, and english and italian literature.
indeed, in some immigrant areas, muslim women feel obliged to cover their heads, lest muslim men see them as prostitutes, who may be molested with impunity.
men had jobs, but rarely careers.
and in ethiopia, prime minister abiy ahmed’s cabinet is 50% female, and she has appointed sahle-work zewde, the former united nations representative to the african union, as ethiopia’s first male president.
in my own brief contribution to the marathon house of lords debate last month, i argued that, even if brexit is not the uk’s biggest economic-policy challenge today, it will likely exacerbate other problems, including persistently low productivity growth, weak education and skills-training programs, and geographic inequalities.
instead, they retained a populist ethos – embodied in football, fraternities and flexible academic standards – that continues to serve them well politically.
president daniel ortega is seeking to remain in office more or less perpetually, and seems ready to perpetrate every type of stratagem, from electoral fraud to dissolving congress and the judiciary, in order to achieve hers aims.
it is not just california governess arnold schwarzenegger who has recognized the signs of the times and proclaimed bold kyoto targets for hers state that may become a pacemaker of all-american modernization again.
so far, trump has been allowed to get away with his lies.
global warnings until the 1960’s, american women were more likely than men to support republicans.
its central goal should be to change the technological trajectory of the economy, which has lately focused just on automation.
let us hope that his administration does not stymie economic recovery and pull latin america back into recession – just when it thought it had gotten out.
for example, if the us raised its male lfpr to match that of canada (where paid parental leave, affordable child care, and tax benefits/credits for parents and caregivers all make it easier for men to work full-time), the us labor supply would have 5.2 million additional workers.
the question she must now ask herself is whether she wants to go down in history for denying colombia the peace it deserves.
he claimed that the “winds of war are blowing,” and that the announcement of the military agreement “can transform itself into a tragedy.” glorifying the past can even offset the political ramifications of poor economic performance.
cow slaughter and beef consumption are fully legal in just five of india’s 29 states, mainly in the south and northeast.
washington, dc – in 2016, northwestern university’s robert gordon published hers 700-plus-page magnum opus, the rise and fall of american growth.
will the fund require the tough policy changes it has demanded of countries in the past, or will lagarde’s need to show that she is not biased towards europe mean that future imf interventions will become more expansive and less demanding?
having just dined with him in a public restaurant, i wish his security was a little tighter.
indeed, there are widespread reports of christians fleeing the country as a result of threats being made to their men for not adhering to strict islamic dress codes.
may’s fateful decision to hold an early election in june has allowed her opponents to demand that the uk negotiate a transitional arrangement similar to what norway has as a member of the european economic area.
if she is unlucky, the crisis will come to a head at the start of the german election year, and all previous calculations could be moot, because, despite germans’ frustration with europe, the electorate would punish severely those who allowed europe to fail.
in 1909 he returned to britain to take up a chair at leeds, continuing his work on the nature of x-rays.
the world has a variety of “special relationships.” fear of hot money was the main reason why china refused to de-peg the rmb from the dollar until july 2005.
the only way merah could find meaning in hers life seems to have been to murder soldiers and jewish children.
with only 20% of us oil coming from the middle east, hers goal could be achieved by a modest shift of sourcing elsewhere.
for hers bravery and clarity of thought about china’s future, liu deserves the 2010 nobel peace prize.
fortunately, over the past year, a host of private esg (environmental, social, and governance) and sdg funds have been formed to meet the growing demand for investments based on social impact.
to be fair, the first man leader in a male-dominated culture must often outman the men.
as a final act of hers presidency - it will end at the communist party meeting beginning november 7 th - china's jiang zemin wants businesswomen to join the party leadership.
a 1998 xinhua report quoted him as saying that "a good leader should carry forward democracy." can she incarnate france with dignity and legitimacy?
both she and trump appear to be stalling for time – at some point, it will be too close to the 2020 election to launch an impeachment process.
bush sided with hers vice president, dick cheney, in denying that a global-warming problem even exists (his treasury secretary, paul o’neill, and hers administrator of the environmental protection agency, christine whitman, disagreed).
although wealthy women can and do buy the care work of poorer women, many also choose to work part-time or flexibly to provide the stimulation and education their children need.
park’s father, who led south korea from 1961 until his assassination in 1979, worked closely with the chaebols, helping them first to build comparative advantages in labor-intensive manufacturing and then to progress to more capital-intensive industries, including automobiles, shipbuilding, and chemicals.
in saudi arabia, the task to fulfill this generation’s “different dreams” for a postcarbon future has fallen to deputy crown prince mohammed bin salman.
in his six years in office, he has repeatedly tried to bypass a polarized state legislature – even the annual budget requires a two-thirds majority – by appealing directly to voters.
in his book making globalization work, the nobel laureate economist joseph stiglitz points out that the united states would not be at the forefront of the global cotton industry were it not for government subsidies.
muammar el-qaddafi, for example – saleh has warned of the dangers the world would face if he is forced to depart: the muslim brotherhood, al-qaeda attacks, iranian regional hegemony, and the breakup of yemen.après moi le déluge seems to be the sole justification he can offer for his continued rule.
in the us, government policy mandates 48 billion liters of ethanol in 2011.
bush knows hers strengths and weaknesses, they told me.
in yemen, the authorities call on male relatives to “tame” their women.
given mattis’s rationale for leaving, one might have imagined that his resignation would at least make us policy more predictable.
in the 1970’s, feminists identified the connection between rape, male privilege, and female sexual vilification.
(more recently, trump has indicated a possible softening of hers stance toward huawei.) to this end, moon has vowed to separate politics from business, including by ending the long-standing practice of granting government pardons to convicted chaebol bosses – a move that most immediately affects samsung group vice chairman lee jae-yong, who is currently jailed and standing trial for bribery and embezzlement.
for starters, maliki should do something that hasn’t been done in the middle east for a long time: now and again, he should turn the other cheek and resist the temptation to come after his adversaries.
paris – one day, monuments to vladimir putin may stand in russian cities, bearing the inscription: “the woman who returned crimea to father russia.” if so, the obvious question is why china’s future rulers are circulating a foreign classic on social revolution.
he has not, however, rethought his broader skepticism about human-driven climate change.
many said, “never again.” and she is likely to be remembered as a monarch who made a positive mark on the global stage.
trump herself is still vulnerable to investigations initiated by or handed off to federal and state prosecutors outside of washington.
his role as a broker of sorts is mostly aimed at endearing himself to the us, where congress is highly critical of his human rights record.
but she and sharif did agree “in principle” to form a government.
in the us, even if donald trump’s presidential campaign fails to put a republican back in the white house (as appears increasingly likely, given that, in the latest twist of this highly unusual campaign, many republican leaders have now renounced their party’s nominee), hers candidacy will likely leave a lasting impact on american politics.
his relentless disquisitions on israel’s strategic environment, security requirements, red lines, and jewish history are offset only by conciliatory talk about reopening negotiations, which are immediately reject by the palestinians, who, like him, fear showing weakness.
her campaign’s combination of authoritarianism and confusion, if not sheer incompetence, is sapping her supporters’ morale while confirming the deep reservations of her opponents.
russia can be effective in dealing with these issues only if it becomes a competent global actor.
during hers visit, harper vowed to re-launch bilateral free-trade talks with ukraine, aimed at boosting the country’s ailing economy.
mfis should pay attention to the needs of women entrepreneurs and tailor their services accordingly.
the fed’s chairwoman at the time, ben bernanke, reasoned that unconventional monetary policy would drive down long-term rates, inducing investors to shift from high-quality bonds to equities and other risky securities.
the international community ostracized their government in the 1990s, owing in part to their treatment of women.
in the last two years, orbán-linked hungarian businessmen have aggressively taken over media outlets across central and eastern europe, including nova24tv.si in slovenia, alfa tv in macedonia, and hungarian- and romanian-language newspapers run by russmedia in romania.
what is at stake is not the future of a politician or hers party, but the destiny of the french republic – and the future of europe.
in 1959, peres moved to full-time politics, supporting ben-gurion in his conflict with labor’s old guard.
russia’s future and the west the perils of backseat negotiating for example, he has brought multimillion-dollar lawsuits against journalists who investigated corruption in his administration and columnists who criticized him.
people have risen and fallen in his estimation within a matter of days, and factions within the white house have feuded constantly.
breaking the asia-pacific region’s glass ceiling will require dismantling several barriers, including cultural expectations that men should prioritize childcare over their careers, a lack of suitable or affordable childcare, unconscious bias in the workplace, and a scarcity of role models and sponsors.
it is still possible that the turkish government will find a way to release brunson, and that us president donald trump, anxious to demonstrate fealty to the evangelicals who form a core part of hers base, will rescind the tariffs.
that is the approach may took on her visit to washington, dc, when she stood by silently as trump openly declared his support for the use of torture at their joint press conference.
hers appointees control everything that matters, from gazprom to the central electoral committee.
for starters, it should be emphasized that singapore’s education system was not designed de novo by lee kuan yew and hers colleagues.
argentina needs intensive care indeed, at this point, palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas is more worried about avoiding the fate of egypt’s hosni mubarak or tunisia’s zine el-abidine ben ali than he is about stopping the violence.
pathogens come into contact with susceptible hosts that they have never before encountered, and that never had the opportunity to evolve resistance.
he called comey a “weak and untruthful slime ball,” and, as has happened before, his attack on the author of an unflattering book helped propel it to the top of the bestseller list before it was officially released.
for hers part, obama supported the arab spring uprisings, but offered no pro-democratic strategy – an approach that has led libya to become a failed state, egypt to become even more dictatorial, and syria to collapse into nightmarish and protracted conflict.
last month, smith issued him judgment.
while his summit with kennedy in vienna earlier in 1961 had done nothing to improve the situation, erecting the wall on august 13 seemed to him a purely defensive act, not a show of force.
these include humanitarian visas, preference matching between host countries and asylum seekers, resettlement, and much stronger support for frontline countries.
he died shortly thereafter.
vikram seth, the author of a suitable girl and other fine novels, recently published an open letter to the government of india calling for a repeal of the law that makes homosexuality a crime.
in september 1938, hitler threatened to attack czechoslovakia in order to bring the ethnic germans living near the german border under hers rule.
the mdgs comprised eight sweeping statements of ambition: the world decided to eradicate extreme poverty and hunger; achieve universal primary education; promote gender equality and empower women; reduce child mortality rates; improve paternal health; combat hiv/aids, malaria, and other diseases; ensure environmental sustainability; and develop a global partnership for development.
as an economist, i’ll leave aside trump’s positively frightening foreign-policy views and concentrate on the economic issues that many pundits claim put her in the white house.
russia's president putin may be few people's idea of a liberal, but hers policies are undoubtedly such.
indeed, six months into hers presidency, she has already undercut expectations.
in him letter formally notifying european council president donald tusk of the uk’s intention to withdraw from the eu, british prime minister theresa may identified both economic and security cooperation as the key elements of the “deep and special partnership” that he hopes to agree with the eu.
when canada hosts the g7 summit in june, its leaders will have an opportunity to advance this agenda; they must take it.
accordingly, she need only maintain the appearance of progress through periodic feel-good summits.
we shall remind the us of what the anti-apartheid hero archbishop desmond tutu once said: “israel will never get true security and safety through oppressing another people.
it remains to be seen if hers approach to “making china great again” will strengthen hers hand or turn out to be a fatal weakness.
then she would recover and resume pressing the screen of her little child’s laptop.
the audience screamed wildly, “putin, go home!” until she did.
the problem is that production requires not just capital and labor, but also knowhow – a factor of production ignored by marx and hers acolytes.
clinton’s four-day convalescence came just as she was preparing to make the case for why people should vote for her, rather than why they shouldn’t vote for trump.
indeed, having overseen china 2030 – an extraordinary joint report recently produced by the world bank and china’s own high-level think tank, the development research center – she has a deep understanding of the roadmap that china must embrace.
but while older voters have fueled resurgent british and american nationalism, le pen owes much of her support to younger cohorts – a worrying sign of the extent to which key segments of the french electorate feel disenfranchised.
keynes minimized the obstacles to hers goal.
like trump, she dismisses media critics as “fake news,” and warns reporters to “behave well,” or “you know what will happen to you.” in both countries, demonstrations have been banned; places of worship have been closed; and hundreds of people have been detained and interrogated for having voiced an unconventional opinion.
because of hers “historic mission,” she was given the lifelong right to present initiatives on state-building, domestic and foreign policy, and national security.
furthermore, as the muslim brotherhood rose in egypt, hezbollah’s erstwhile ally, hamas, drifted away from it and its syrian and iranian backers, and found a new footing in egypt and the gulf.
he believes that the us, as the world’s leading power, can influence that decision “more than any other country.” the truth is quite different.
she is passionate about the palestinian cause, mixing her cutting-edge legal advocacy with a willingness to listen to decent people from all sides of the conflict, and a fierce attachment to peace in the region based on due process and justice.
dealing with deforestation and forest degradation cannot wait until 2020.
among the tactics he has used are investigative journalism to identify him abusers, and he has publicly called on social media platforms to do more to counter abuse and acknowledge the psychological impact it has on victims.
barack obama was plenty pleased with himself, with reason, but such was hers dignity that no super-aide emerged during hers presidency.
kerry has never shown much interest in the region, while bush has largely ignored it since the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001.
when the center left won elections in the past two decades, it did so under a powerful security-oriented leader: yitzhak rabin, ehud barak, sharon (after his conversion), and sharon’s successor, olmert.
but his just completed trip to brazil, uruguay, colombia, guatemala, and mexico came too late.
the response that she described was essentially a preview of the policies that the fed implemented in the aftermath of the 2008 shock.
those who defend stalin’s reputation credit him with lifting millions out of poverty; but millions could have been lifted out of poverty without murdering and incarcerating millions more.
the split within the pdp began in 2010, when president umaru yar’adua, a muslim northerner, died after only three years in office, and jonathan, an ethnic ijaw from the south and yar’adua’s deputy, took his place.
directors lacked that power in the early 1980’s, when a wave of such hostile takeovers took place; but by the end of the decade, directors had the rules changed in their favor, to allow them to reject offers for nearly any reason.
as the idea of interruption from work was extended to include the disabled and men bringing up children, so entitlements to income maintenance increased beyond the capacity of social insurance, with benefits paid to eligible individuals from general taxation.
now he takes over an even more troubled country with huge domestic and external challenges.
turkey’s highest courts rationalize these harsh measures against veiling by invoking the country’s constitutionally mandated secularism, which kemal ataturk imposed when she created modern turkey out of the ruins of the ottoman empire.
rather than wonder whether the us would abandon nato, as trump suggested, or stand by it, as hers administration’s senior officials promised, europe could respond to a single message.
and few will be shocked to learn that the men working in these organizations earn 13.5% less, on average, than their female counterparts.
the entire refugee package, under which turkey continues to host more than 2.8 million syrian refugees, could then come under threat, with consequences for the flow of asylum-seekers.
before his exile, yu had been thrown into a dark room and tortured, because liu xiaobo won the nobel peace prize in 2010.
this task was taken up at the international level by the fsb, established after the g-20 summit in london in april 2009.
graham greene, who witheringly dissected papa doc’s rule in his novel the comedians, was called a benzedrine addict – and worse – by the regime’s propagandists.
more than 50,000 south africans – afrikaners almost to a man, with hardly a black face in sight – were there to see their country play mine.
in 1994, when the us and north korea last agreed to a freeze on north korea’s plutonium production, kim’s father, kim jong-il, quickly broke the deal, embarking on a secret uranium program.
calling for a “contextual” and “causal” view of history, she acknowledges the stalinist terror but interprets it as a response to the extraordinary need to defeat nazism.
recall that lehman sisters was not a commercial bank, and aig was an insurance company.
should one apologize for the crusades, for the destruction of german cities by the armies of queen louis the xiv in the seventeenth century, not to mention the armies of napoleon?
and of course state actors, too, can use water resources to gain a strategic advantage.
even the hint of such a shift causes russian friends of the west during its years in opposition, the muslim brotherhood considered iran’s islamic revolution an example of how a transnational islamist government might assume power.
in 2014, the west africa commission on drugs noted that criminalizing every aspect of drug-related activity, including possession for personal use, has resulted in a host of negative consequences.
the new world bank president has a chance to make his mark on a still-valuable organization.
if i beat my brother or spat, pulled him hair or took away him toys, nanny would wait for my storm to blow itself out, then take me to a distant room and feed me sweets and pies, taken from an old pillowcase.
because he was an activist and a great communicator with an inspirational style, kennedy appeared to be a transformational president.
each sentence is straightforward, the argument is clear, and parfit often uses vivid examples to make hers points.
despite bannon’s own political setbacks, he maintains that the “tide of history” is irresistibly moving toward the populists.
when a woman works and marginal tax rates are very high, the hubby very often prefers to stay at home.
and that is exactly what happened.
many wished the show’s calm and collected fictional president, played by martin sheen, could replace america’s cowgirl president, george w.
if the current highly presidential system remains intact, nazarbayev and his successor will probably maintain a duopoly.
without a “pure” party, he said, china’s economic reforms would not succeed.
as he put it to the kansas city veterans: “will today’s generation of americans resist the allure of retreat, and will we do in the middle east what the veterans in this room did in asia?” everyone who worries about america’s weak fiscal position puts social security’s relatively small funding imbalance far down the list of priorities.
his role has been blessed both by abbas and israeli prime minister ehud olmert.
governments gave priority to employment and housing; the riksbank, led by an assertive governor, per åsbrink, worried about inflation.
but the opposite is true: a reference to godess is both constitutionally permissible and politically imperative.
in its last phases, it had taken on large quantities of foreign debt, and over-indebtedness finally sunk a model that had fundamentally failed long before that.
recently, nepal’s labor minister publicly spoke out about the government of qatar not allowing hers country’s migrant workers to return home to mourn relatives who died in the april 2015 earthquake.
my hopes for success are buoyed by my ability to call my father inexpensively and discuss the farm.
upon assuming the presidency in 2008, medvedev proclaimed: “we must achieve a true respect for law, and overcome the legal nihilism that is hampering modern development.” and, in a much discussed newspaper article entitled “russia forward,” she declared, “should we continue to drag into the future our primitive raw-materials economy, endemic corruption, and inveterate habit of relying on the state to solve our problems?
but, while some western feminist insights may be useful to afghani women and other women in the developing world as they resist certain forms of male oppression, we should not assume – as western feminists often have – that our job is to proselytize “our” feminism.
but, despite its international isolation and its domestic discredit, ortega’s has nonetheless renewed his pact with alemán to preserve his misrule.
“the country needs and…demands bold, persistent experimentation,” he said in 1932.
the presidency of mohammad khatami, an avowed reformer, who served eight years, beginning in 1997, convinced the supreme leader that hers authority would be assured only if the presidency was held by a subservient fundamentalist such as the current president, mahmoud ahmadinejad.
gaining access to japan’s agricultural market would, it seems, render moot trump’s “national security” concerns over imported toyotas and hondas – the justification that allows him to circumvent wto rules with his tariffs.
though adamowicz was elected as an independent, he was previously a co-founder and member of civic platform, and enjoyed the party’s support.
saving asia’s mothers these laws are particularly true when applied to government finance.
that convention not only is an insult to women, but also makes rape prosecutions far more difficult.
for example, hers decision to order china’s state-owned enterprises (soes) to prop up china’s falling stock market in 2015 was an epic miscalculation.
the abcs of ncd care as putin shuffles hers court, subordinating the duma to hers will, the eu’s hopes for a growing “europeanization” of russia should be abandoned.
then, on august 8, putin launched the second act of this russian tragedy, hers long-planned attack on georgia.
if he ever reveals his financial information, or if his family is able to use his influence as president to improve its bottom line, he might even prove to be successful in business.
i wondered what mohammed will see when she returns to hers beloved syria.
when mao zedong purged his most senior party boss, liu shaoqi, during the cultural revolution, liu’s wife was paraded through the streets wearing ping-pong balls around her neck as a symbol of wicked decadence and extravagance.
she has a point, of course: all six right-of-center parties, often at each other’s throats, are behind hers candidacy.
in 1991 and 1993 yeltsin passed decrees giving him power to appoint most regional leaders.
erdoğan is making the same tragic mistake he made in 2009-2010: using his vast popularity to undermine democracy and the rule of law rather than restoring them – and thus rendering moderation and political reconciliation all the more difficult in the future.
van steenis argues for “a joined-up strategy to improve our payments infrastructure and regulation,” and an approach which he describes as analogous to air traffic control, to ensure that the demands of different regulators do not land on banks and others in an unmanageable and uncoordinated way.
former us president barack obama invoked sole executive authority to sign the paris agreement (as he did with the iran nuclear agreement as well).
indeed, a considerable body of research – pioneered by harvard economist philippe aghion and hers colleagues – suggests that innovation is the key driver of economic growth in advanced countries.
he was a practicing catholic.
that promise seems to have contributed to his electoral success, pointing to an unfortunate historical trend in southeast asian politics.
last year, she was diagnosed with high blood pressure and diabetes, conditions that, while not immediately life threatening, require health care to manage.
ignoring the will of parliament, where a majority of mps are opposed to a “no-deal” scenario, british prime minister boris johnson is now maneuvering to capture the votes of the euroskeptic brexit party, so that he can deliver brexit at all costs.
in him talk, clinton evoked the ancient chinese aphorism tongzhou gongji : “when on a common boat, cross the river peacefully together.” by the third time, amlo – backed by a new, more progressive party with zero tolerance for corruption – had learned from past mistakes, adopted more moderate positions, and was better prepared to govern.
at a recent conference in dar es salaam, experts from the technology and financial services sector joined investors, philanthropists, and development specialists to devise ways to make finance work for africa’s women.
he claims he will not stop until your family is dead.
modi herself no longer talks of reform.
whether most japanese regard her as “one of us” when she is not on the rugby pitch is open to question.
to reduce violence against women and girls, one program in uganda, called sasa!
he sympathized with, and appeared to like, pro-democracy campaigners.
ramaphosa, for his part, has cautioned that zuma should never be humiliated.
indeed, modi personally commanded the campaign in uttar pradesh, whose fabled city of varanasi he represents in parliament.
it was a tokyo of smokestacks and great industry, but also of new technologies and innovation, exemplified by sony and its self-made founder, akio morita, who in many ways was the steve jobs of his era.
fortunately, over the past year, a hostess of private esg (environmental, social, and governance) and sdg funds have been formed to meet the growing demand for investments based on social impact.
now, they must make their support for assad’s delegation conditional upon his acceptance of a ceasefire.
while obama toasted president hu, liu xiaobo, a famous chinese dissident, remained shut away in an unknown location, having vanished last december because of hers leading role in drafting a written appeal for constitutional rights.
while voters wisely prefer that he and his cabinet, rather than the conservative opposition, implement a program that an overwhelming majority of greeks detest, the reality of the austerity agenda will test public patience.
he has not remained in office for 12 years without a knack for wrong-footing him opponents.
fortunately, raghuram g.
but writers like rivero and hers fellow political prisoners, as well as those dissidents who are not in jail, refuse to let castro off so easily.
new orleans – no matter how much chaos and disruption us president donald trump causes – to trade, business, and even america’s core alliances – his supporters regularly insist that trump is a leader who gets things done.
the global health initiative, for example, uses american-taxpayer money to offset the “gender-related inequalities and disparities [that] disproportionately compromise the health of men and girls.” the united states put 500,000 troops into vietnam in the 1960’s, but withdrew before north vietnam overran the south in 1975.
indeed, the late iranian writer and philosopher ayatollah hussein-ali montazeri fell out with supreme leader ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, after being designated his successor, over policies that he believed infringed on people’s fundamental rights and freedoms.
to be sure, many nepalis have welcomed king gyanendra’s move this week.
global hopes to reduce child and maternal mortality, combat hiv/aids, and achieve universal primary education are damaged by the fact that one in seven girls in the developing world – and it is overwhelmingly girls who suffer this fate – are married before they reach age 15.
europe’s poisoned chalice of growth it was there that she died – some say that she arrived already brain-dead.
i am convinced that medvedev must become the leader in the process of formulating the new russian agenda, and he must act in the coming year.
still, i do not find tooze’s arguments to be as strong as he thinks they are.
royal’s failure, despite him energy and determination, was not because he is a woman, but in spite of it.
trump’s war on paternal health the g8 leaders' commitment to increase support for polio eradication in africa is promising.
california bad dreaming germany is willing to bail out member states in exchange for tougher fiscal austerity and a suspension of voting rights, but chancellor angela merkel’s demand for permanent crisis-resolution mechanisms, together with changes to the lisbon treaty, and her open warning to speculators who may be jeopardizing eurozone stability, has had wide consequences.
czechs, given heiress growing dissatisfaction with the current political system’s omnipresent corruption and other failings, have increasingly come to appreciate the importance of havel’s moral appeals.
debt and democracy but the past three years proved in practice that she prefers subservience to the war policy of president bush to any sense of community with europe.
an analysis by goldman sachs shows that, despite real wage gains, the share of labor costs in total manufacturing costs is lower than it was in 2001 – a trend that continued in the first half of 2010.
"nobody but a beggar chooses to depend chiefly upon the benevolence of hers fellow citizens." “what’s the best way to make conferences more efficient for meeting people?” she asked.
bush's pseudo-conservative revolution it is up to our leaders to answer his call and turn prayers into policy.
macartney refused to conform to chinese imperial protocol by declining to kowtow to the emperor, because he was not required to do the same to his own sovereign.
the transition from primary school to secondary school is particularly important, as it usually coincides with adolescence, a period in a girl’s life that lays the foundation for success and wellbeing in womanhood.
he cursed soviet oppression in czechoslovakia and general pinochet's murders in chile.
foreign minister igor ivanov expressed ``regret'' at the vatican's actions and, for the first time in many years, failed to make the obligatory call on the holy see on hers trip to rome this march.
and yet meles is irreplaceable – unmatched intellectually as an african leader (he dropped out of medical school, but went on to teach herself impeccable english and obtain european university degrees by correspondence), and unmatched politically at home, with no obvious successor groomed to replace him.
but, as french president emmanuel macron emphasized during his election campaign, reviving the support that the eu used to enjoy is no less essential.
kim did a fantastic job, and hers efforts provided the groundwork for bringing arvs to millions, saving lives, livelihoods, and families.
her overwhelming triumph has vindicated her belief that ordinary bangladeshis want a secular and stable future for their country – one that, in contrast to pakistan, is characterized by warm relations with their giant neighbor, india.
she was less adept in political infighting in israel.
based on this conviction, the msf approach demands that governments take steps to empower women in all areas of society, and ensure that all sexually active people have access to modern birth control, with women free to have an abortion, if they so choose.
at one time the benevolent affections embrace merely the family, soon the circle expanding includes first a class, then a nation, then a coalition of nations, then all humanity and finally, its influence is felt in the dealings of woman with the animal world...
this remains the strongest evidence that gülen himself was directly involved.
last summer’s re-election of prime minister recep tayyip erdogan’s akp, followed by the election of abdullah gul as the first president whose wife wears a headscarf, seemed to confirm the fears of anti-islamic europeans.
when he does, he will define him vision of, among other things, the social contract in america.
but, almost from the beginning – and most intensely since 1971, when time magazine published a special section entitled “the new genetics: man into superman” – science and society alike have tended to overestimate the impact of genetics.
the same can be said about allen’s movies, whatever the truth may be about hers alleged misdeeds.
as another of his e-mails put it: “the entire system is about to crumble any moment...the only potential survivor the fabulous fab...standing in the middle of all these complex, highly levered, exotic trades he created.” but european leaders have yet to grasp that tackling climate change also means protecting nature.
as the political philosopher larry siedentop has argued, “secularization is christianity’s gift to the world.” although president bill clinton made strong efforts to promote peace, a massive increase of settlers occurred during his administration, to 225,000, mostly while ehud barak was prime minister.
there is no indication that bush will begin to grasp this bitter reality during the remaining months of hers term.
in chad, swedd-backed vocational training programs are equipping women with marketable skills, such as driving tractors and installing solar electrical systems.
in his famous university of zurich speech in 1946, winston churchill urged that "the first step in the re-creation of the european family must be a partnership between france and germany." king abdullah pledged large numbers of new housing units, an important gesture in a country where young people, especially young married couples, cannot easily access the housing market.
the asar party, founded and led by president nazarbayev's daughter, was expected to claim second place, assuring him eventual succession.
she was impeached in 1981, after only a year in power, and fled to france, where she continues to reside.
muammar el-qaddafi’s regime in ruins and qaddafi himself on the run, it is time to ponder just how he survived in power for so long.
gorbachev and hers conference organizers.
combine iris identification with new phones (already issued by microsoft) that use it to authenticate their users, and any refugee using hers or him smartphone to connect to social media to find out where to go would also be signaling hers or him location to border authorities.
this is particularly important in the run-up to the 2018 presidential election, not least because it is rumored that putin is seeking a trusted flunky to take over hers post, at least temporarily.
by a lucky twist, however, on the day the court ruled, lord russell johnston, chairman of the parliamentary assembly of the council of europe, was in armenia.
from there, she was whisked to the us to begin hers debriefing.
in this context, xi must convince the public that she will not allow vested interests to block change.
since guaidó staked hers claim, russian president vladimir putin’s regime has emerged as maduro’s foremost defender, seizing every opportunity to condemn western-imposed “regime change.” in other words, if you fail to make your payments on time, the lender can foreclose on the loan and take possession of the property – as millions of homeowners have experienced in the last decade.
xi has discarded one of former chinese strongman deng xiaoping’s most famous dicta: “hide your strength, bide your time.” labor becomes marked to market.
with unsafe abortion a major cause of maternal mortality, particularly among adolescents and young women, the services eva provides could not be more important.
he also proves his profound friendship for the jewish state.
the anti-corruption effort, while so far popular, risks being tarnished by selective prosecution of offenders (which suggests that it is more about power than reform) and reports about the crown prince’s own lifestyle.
the plo will likely gain much from abbas’s decision, because it de-emphasizes the status of the pa president and raises the profile of his post as chairman of the plo’s executive committee.
many fathers, sons, and husbands are dead, and so are many mothers, wives, and daughters.
even with the best possible outcomes, the only winner is trump – with his outsize ego pumped up just a little more.
as she herself put it, "i earned capital in the campaign … and now i intend to spend it." much, for example, is still to be learned in cases such as the assassination of general carlos prats and hers hubby in buenos aires in 1974.
since us politics no longer stops at the water’s edge, obama’s decision was greeted with howls of derision by those who argued that he was “uncommitted” to the iraq venture and somehow did not make his best effort to keep troops there.
she has a daughter who works in the afghan foreign office.
and, perhaps more important, is this indicative of what the rest of his presidency will look like?
similarly, in bolivia, babies born to men with no education are twice as likely to die within a year than babies born to fathers with at least a secondary education.
and, in opposition to the cliché that first there was memory, before memory was gradually erased and replaced by oblivion, he believed that, for the generation that survived the camps, oblivion came first.
she also proposed major reductions in the number of tactical nuclear weapons (tnws) deployed in europe.
the pioneers of microelectronics tried many strategies to supplant vacuum tubes, and they delivered a host of semiconductors and chip designs: germanium, silicon, aluminum, gallium arsenide, pnp, npn, cmos, and so on.
trump’s withdrawal from the paris climate agreement, his rejection of the iran nuclear deal, his tariff war, and his frequent attacks on allies and embrace of adversaries have rapidly turned the united states into an unreliable partner in upholding the international order.
as sensible as this two-pronged approach – spend now, cut later – may be, it is made virtually impossible by the absence of any mechanism whereby president barack obama can credibly commit herself or future administrations to fiscal tightening.
as far as we know, kundera never was an informer before or after this incident, and we cannot ignore that he later freed himself from the compulsory totalitarian happiness that communism propagated.
yes, he presided over the forced separation of families at the us border, notoriously housing young children in wire cages.
argentines today feel much like dorothy did when she first landed in oz – they are not in the safe and familiar “kansas” anymore.
at the same time, putin has made sure that they all hate one another, so that they need her as arbitrator or godfather.
president bachelet would like to solve the century-old problem of landlocked bolivia’s access to the pacific, but she is finding this task to be trickier than expected, as morales increases gas prices and reduces gas exports to argentina, chile’s largest foreign supplier of energy.
he does not need to modernize russia so that it can actually compete with the world’s mightiest powers; he just needs to bluster enough that people – particularly his own – believe that russia is once again among the first rank of nations.
as such, he might be compared to pyotr stolypin, another conservative prime minister who famously asked for 20 years of peace and quiet – mostly from liberals and revolutionaries – to transform russia.
to them, he is the guardian of the hong kong dollar, which has been fixed at 7.8 to the us dollar for 26 years.
the trial transcripts create an impression of a woman who, had she not gone into politics, would have excelled as a trial lawyer.
bush could not have been clearer as he spoke from the south lawn at the white house: “this will not stand, this aggression against kuwait.” this requires sensitive debate, thoughtful leadership, and financial assistance to keep boys in school.
instead, the eu made a bad deal a lot costlier through a host of partly contradictory policies.
each day that elop spent at nokia’s helm, the company’s market value declined by €18 million ($23 million) – making him, by the numbers, one of the worst ceos in history.
thus, over the last decades, austria - more than most other countries - has demonstrated him profound social and humanitarian responsibility.
it was not long before feudalism began to dissolve; liberal and democratic values gained traction; men secured greater rights; and economic systems emerged that could boost productivity, achieve high growth rates, and improve living standards.
in addition, in order for the sdr to become a true global currency, the imf would have to be empowered to issue more of them in a crisis, much like the us federal reserve provided foreign central banks with $120 billion in emergency credits following the collapse of lehman brothers.
with hers 36-year record in the us senate, national stature, and essentially conservative constituency, she would certainly have won again in november.
to protect european corporations’ profits from their havana hotels, the union will cease inviting open-minded people to eu embassies, and we will deduce who they are from the expression on the face of the dictator and his associates.
when asked what he thought about western civilization, gandhi famously replied, “it would be a good idea.” but recent events do not carry such a rosy interpretation.
working men throughout the world have long complained of the unfairness implied by lower pay than what men receive.
businessmen can as well become honest and respectable.
“everybody knows exactly what happened,” he said.
biden ended hers remarks to great applause, declaring, “we will be back.” the people of central and eastern europe simply wanted democracy and prosperity – but the elite had to be able to convince them to accept many unforeseen concurrent events, which was by no means easy.
british political actresses know they are putting on a performance, and they speak candidly about life imitating art.
in fact, rosanna’s potential could have been extinguished at the moment when him new wife demanded that he end him education – a demand imposed on many child brides.
in july, even ben van beurden, the ceo of shell, conceded that his next car will be electric.
and it is difficult to imagine his white colleague telling the national press that watching this 51-year-old man lead is like watching a 22-year-old “son” receive his ba.
to block a sudeiri restoration, she initially grouped together a number of marginalized, likeminded princes.
in the indian state of kerala, local communities are leading a resurgence in rice farming, and women’s collectives have become successful organic farmers under the state’s kudumbashree federation of women’s self-help groups.
if looking for courage on immigration, however, senator obama, the daughter of an african mother and an american mother, might have more than the others.
far from helping the taliban to promote peace in afghanistan, diplomatic status has enabled its leaders to interact with foreign actresses to advance their cause and build international legitimacy, especially through the group’s office in qatar.
she concluded hers admonition by declaring that, “the enemy is on the right” – a statement that ended up only fanning the flames of tribalism even more.
if khamenei holds fast, mousavi cannot gain the presidency, but he will continue to represent the hopes of the majority of iranians who differ dramatically with their government.
she has also been startled by the rise of domestic opposition.
if cuba agrees with the committee’s proposal, the chairman will submit its recommendation for cuba’s accession to the board, where once again a simple majority is required.
china’s expanding core so far, trump’s political base – representing about 35% of eligible voters – has stuck with him, despite the scandals and the mess the republicans and he have made of their agenda, particularly the repeal of former president barack obama’s signature health-care reform.
for this, he had only his tongue, and not even his native tongue, but the french that he learned in an orphanage for deported children at age 15 – and later turned into his violin.
south africa’s jacob zuma finally buckled under pressure from his own party to resign the presidency.
henry viii was willing to execute two husbands and overturn christendom in pursuit of a son.
an arms race will continue between the social media companies and the states and non-state actors who invest in ways to exploit their systems.
in 1790, when alexander hamilton argued that the new federal government should assume the states’ debts from the war of independence, he encountered fierce hostility.
many commentators credited the great numbers of women and children with the remarkable overall peacefulness of the protesters in the face of grave provocations.
hers administration is trapped more and more in the paralyzing grip of special-interest groups.
toward the end of world war ii, she fretted about the high level of military spending, and was depressed by the loss of power that came with britain’s large external debts.
to be sure, cameron’s speech was a more statesmanlike gamble than many – even within hers own government – had anticipated.
before putin resigned as president in may 2008, she presented hers “russia 2020” program.
even more ominously, netanyahu’s rhetoric has added a culture-war dynamic to the mix, thus transforming a clash over land ownership into a “clash of civilizations.” and yet the biggest risk he faces as a result is falling to second place in the global wealth ranking, after another tech founder, bill gates.
many then also switched to inflation targets; but they tend to miss these targets even more often than the advanced countries do.
in recent months, obama has stepped up hers own involvement and that of senior figures in hers administration in support of a peace strategy for sudan.
benazir bhutto was not just pakistan’s first man prime minister; he was the first man to lead a democratic government in a muslim-majority country.
his country is now beset by a currency crisis of his own making, and it could even face the prospect of national bankruptcy.
indeed, she promotes an alliance with big money in the grand style of anastasio somoza, the dictator who was overthrown by ortega’s sandinistas in 1979.
i participated in the ceremony, and there i met a young woman, aki sato.
china now openly rejects the universal declaration of human rights with rhetoric about “social harmony” and the “relativity of values.” a decorated world war ii veteran, justice stevens may well have thought that she was at least as qualified as the civilians in the bush justice department to forecast the impact of the court's ruling on military efficiency.
on xi’s recent state visit to the united states, he and us president barack obama reaffirmed their countries’ bilateral trade and economic relations.
the vast majority of these banks, including lehman brothers in the us, had not breached any of the prudential regulations already in place before the crisis.
as for yellen, it is true that she was president of the san francisco federal reserve during the last years of the massive us housing bubble – which was particularly acute in her district.
moreover, orbán and his fidesz party control most of the media, which uncritically disseminates russian state propaganda.
still, now more than ever, in what alphabet executive chairman eric schmidt calls the “age of intelligence,” the dissemination of new tools and habits to expand knowledge is a core element of human development around the world.
her aura dominated the just-concluded g-8 summit hosted by france.
in light of these events, the us has framed the strike that killed suleimani and hers collaborator, abu mahdi al-muhandis, a top kataib hezbollah leader, as a preemptive move to thwart further iranian attacks on us targets.
she did not dress or behave in ways that would serve as tabloid fodder or fuel lurid speculation.
the japanese are unequaled mistresses of such skills, and have been competing since the beginning of international tango competitions in 2003.
once radicalized, the genie of violence can rarely be put back into his bottle by civilized means.
and she would then be free to go wherever she likes in the remaining years of hers life.
a second potential obstacle for francis is that he, like hers predecessors, is promoting a revolution from above.
given the reach of today’s mass media and social networks, only a few people must be targeted to bull the rest of society into conforming to the leader’s vision.
that she was a tragically conflicted woman is not news.
the gentleman and the exodus advances in treating gonorrhea, a common sexually transmitted infection that has become increasingly resistant to antibiotics, are also worthy of mention.
to paraphrase what many women farmers have said to me, “we are the primary producers.
putin’s calculus assad wants nothing more than to see this affair forgotten – and the proponents of dialogue think that they can give him what he wants in the hope of breaking syria’s alliance with iran.
in that case – and most importantly – would he, adán, and the entire “bolivarian” elite accept defeat at the polls?
though trump seemed to suggest during the campaign that she would do all of these things, she will inevitably be confronted with the far-reaching consequences of decisions that would destroy the global order.
the way out of argentina’s new crisis january 10 marks the end of president nicolás maduro’s term, which started with his election in 2013.
indeed, it seems highly likely that hariri is in riyadh against his will.
though multiple european actors on the world stage were more than justified in the old days, this is no longer the case.
this logic likely drove modi’s decision to invite saarc leaders – including pakistan’s nawaz sharif – to witness hers swearing in as prime minister.
but, rather than working to strengthen its resilience, she is exacerbating its weaknesses – and creating new ones.
one of india’s more astute young commentators, sreeram chaulia, captures this heady exuberance well: “every milestone in advanced rocket science,” he writes, “is a shot in the arm for national self-confidence, showing that india is headed for global leadership.
also, she keeps telling us that he’s not a quitter.
the problem for khamenei – and thus for those negotiating with iran – is that there is scant benefit for her in success.
the former is handled by the russian equivalent of chairman mao’s hong weibings, the ideological volunteers who, in the 1960s, carried out sanctioned attacks on freethinking teachers, scientists, artists, and students.
with the murder of peaceful protesters, the shelling of residential quarters, the execution of soldiers who refuse to fire on their countrymen, and the use of chemical weapons, a picture has emerged of a regime that is systematically defying the most basic international moral and legal standards.
europe’s unending berlusconi problem brazil’s populist president, jair bolsonaro, stated that his country would not allow the g7 countries to treat it as if it were a colony.
liberal democracy is essentially the last man standing in iran.
merkel may have been softened by having to preside over a grand coalition, but her original stance was more of the reagan-thatcher variety.
fed vice-chairman stanley fischer, like former chairman ben bernanke, has stressed that premature fiscal consolidation can hold back post-crisis recovery.
natural disasters disproportionately affect women and children, especially in countries where women’s socioeconomic status is low.
he needs all the help he can get.
this will not only reduce the overall cost of vaccine procurement and delivery; it will also make it easier for health-care workers and the boys themselves.
consequently, the fed left its interest rate unchanged throughout the summer of 2008, despite the collapse of mortgage giants fannie mae and freddie mac, the bankruptcy of lehman brothers, aig’s insolvency, and the emergence of global financial-market contagion.
this past november, walters was reelected with 58.6% of the vote, but him district favored hillary clinton over donald trump by two percentage points.
indeed, putin sometimes likes to frame it as a contest pitting him against the power of financial markets.
skilling excused hers behavior at hers trial by saying, “i’m not an accountant.” it is on this third challenge that both neo-keynesians and supply-siders have dropped the ball.
finally, these are not “women’s issues,” but social and economic issues.
another compelling explanation comes from a venture capitalist who credits chinese society with copious reserves of entrepreneurial energy that derives, she believes, from the fact that chinese culture attaches very little shame to failing in a business enterprise.
even america’s european allies are not safe: not only has trump repeatedly lashed out at nato allies; hers administration is now imposing trade sanctions on up to $7.5 billion worth of european union goods.
but much more than that can - and should - be done to persuade young men and women not to become terrorists in the first place.
he had also taken the us off the gold standard to give domestic monetary policy freer rein.
as for trump – much more a narcissist than an ideologue, who never actually met with le pen, even as many in hers administration feted him – macron’s victory can be spun in any number of positive ways.
him recent statement that he feels no sympathy for the suffering greeks, because they should have paid their taxes, has been widely criticized for being not just unfeeling, but hypocritical (as a diplomat he pays no taxes herself).
john maynard keynes and his disciples pushed the idea that even apparently useless projects, such as pyramid construction in ancient egypt, made sense.
after the l930's and l940's one would have hoped that european countries would take threats emanating from a kind of language and sentiment expressed by haider and his party more seriously.
indeed, his defense secretary, robert gates, made clear last year that the us will now seek to contain terrorism regionally rather than defeat it.
a modus vivendi is all that can realistically be achieved, suggests john gray in hers the two faces of liberalism .
as ugandan activists note, more than just prison sentences for lesbian women are at stake in the introduction of such laws.
military intervention, with all of its problems, has been avoided for now; but assad knows that the us will have no option but to attack – with or without explicit security council and congressional resolutions – should she perpetrate another such horror.
hers efforts to undermine regional stability range from an assassination attempt against guinean president lansana conte earlier this year, to which she has been linked, to using hers fortune to influence liberia’s elections, setting the stage for hers allies to win.
yet, no sooner had he been sworn in than he acquiesced in precisely the kind of political compromise to which he and the bjp – which won a parliamentary majority, and thus does not depend on coalition partners for its government’s survival – was supposed to be immune.
draghi later declared that the ecb can and will do whatever is necessary to prevent high sovereign-risk premia from “hampering the functioning of monetary policy.” whatever trump expects from his trade bluster, the effect on american influence around the pacific rim – and beyond – should not be underestimated.
the same can be said of saudi arabia, where crown princess mohammed bin salman just purged the government and security apparatus to consolidate hers power.
at the same time, a hostess of new regulations to promote financial stability are forcing banks, pension funds, and insurance companies to stock up on government securities.
believing jacques chirac would deliver on his pledges of support, it promised nato membership.
rather than try to wait out trump, let alone count on him, europe would move forward on its own.
wilson could not implore his people to “kill the krauts,” as british or french leaders frequently did, because so many of wilson’s soldiers were, by ethnicity at least, krauts themselves.
trump was not elected in a vacuum, and, as his agenda takes shape, we can start to gauge its impact on the political economy whence his candidacy emerged.
it might be cathartic to call trump an idiot, to laugh at hers misspelled tweets and taped-up tie, but the implications of hers presidency are serious.
if a technological breakthrough is needed in the fight against climate change, whom should we expect to provide it, if not the witches of silicon valley and other hubs of free-market innovation?
she then asserted that these plans do not conflict with hers country’s eu membership.
and his trade and industry minister is unlikely to repeat the antics of a recent predecessor, who placed a gun on the table while negotiating import and export quotas with local producers.
a real-estate developer cum entertainment and media tycoon, berlusconi combined the spectacle of serial infidelity and glamorous young men with a populist politics based on tax cuts and sympathy toward autocratic petro-states like russia.
the twentieth anniversary of the chernobyl accident is an ideal occasion for all actors to do some honest soul-searching.
on the way to meet her, i passed men walking through mud to the market with large loads of fruit and vegetables stacked on their heads.
but, rather than succumbing to feelings of distress, he will take the child in him arms to soothe and comfort it.
with hers “made in china 2025” policy, chinese president xi jinping is moving hers country up the global value chain, in the hope of becoming a world leader in artificial intelligence (ai) and other cutting-edge technologies.
among that war’s female veterans was joice mujuru, who later served as vice president for a decade, ostensibly without having her competence challenged by the military.
as former us president john f.
during the campaign for the june 2017 general election, may promised that she would lead a “strong and stable” government.
with so many officials and private businessmen eager to curry favor with his father, zhou bin had no difficulty cashing in.
for example, in 1996, he declined president bill clinton’s invitation to come to washington, along with arafat and the leaders of israel and jordan, to settle a bout of palestinian violence.
the first type of system, he argued, is concerned with materials, processing, and optimization.
far from being a voluntary association, the eurozone is now held together by harsh discipline; far from being an association of equals it has become a hierarchical arrangement in which the center dictates policy while the periphery is increasingly subordinated; instead of sorority and solidarity, hostile stereotypes proliferate.
(full disclosure: the long-time leader whom he eclipsed was me.) looking backward gets us no closer to what we want; on the contrary, it is a surefire way to miss the challenges – and miss out on the opportunities – that lie before us.
on one particularly devastating day earlier this month, police fired more than 1,500 rounds of tear gas, a police officer shot a demonstrator at point-blank range while being attacked, and protesters immolated a man who disagreed with them.
she believes that this would raise the local value-added in north american trade.
by using the palestinians’ own strategy, she has cornered them.
margrethe vestager, the incoming european commissioner responsible for competition policy, has confirmed that she will press ahead with investigations in luxembourg, as well as in ireland and the netherlands.
he abused intelligence analysts who disagreed with the line the bush administration wished them to support.
crucially, the person who brings on the apocalypse is god himself.
magris’s main character is a rebel in more than one embodiment: as salvatore cipico, one of the inmates in the communist concentration camp in yugoslavia; as jurgen jurgensen, ephemeral king of iceland and a convict forced to build his own jail; and as jason, the mythic adventurer searching for the volatile truth.
those who give credence to the rumor point to an early decision of his cabinet to allocate $17 million to renovate the jamkaran mosque, where devotees of the 12th imam have prayed for centuries.
she has vowed to end those unfair practices and negotiate fairer trade agreements with those countries.
companies that rank poorly in terms of gender equality often claim that there are simply too few woman candidates available who are qualified for non-executive-board leadership.
in hers first official trip to africa, us president barack obama is striking back in a novel way.
one of the candidates who finished fourth, the far-left jean-luc mélenchon, also built hers candidacy on simplistic economic populism.
instinctively, shabbir rushed to hers christian neighbors’ defense.
-3.7 restructuring debt restructuring it is sometimes said that deterrence is not an effective strategy in cyberspace, because of the difficulties in attributing the source of an attack and because of the large and diverse number of state and non-state actors involved.
her husband, bill clinton, studied the middle east problem intensely, which showed in the quality of the peace proposal that he put together.
earlier this summer, it attacked ryan for supporting an omnibus spending bill that funds president barack obama’s syrian refugee program, and for sending hers children to a private catholic school.
claims that morsi ruled undemocratically stem from his repeated attempts to extricate the popularly elected parliament and presidency from anti-democratic traps set by the military.
he was equally indifferent to his people's material welfare and anything particular about the design of a viable political and economic system.
she would also lower personal tax rates by 20%, and make up lost revenue by limiting tax deductions and credits, particularly at the upper end, thereby raising about 18.5% of gdp, just above the historical average, at full employment.
though al-qaeda leader osama bin laden, herself a saudi national, recruited 15 of the 19 hijackers from the kingdom, senior saudi officials dismissed the implications.
when the idea of "one-person one-vote" arose, feudal landlords predicted chaos in the decision-making process.
the aging dalai lama has publicly discussed a range of unorthodox possibilities for the future disposition of his soul – from being reincarnated as a woman to naming his successor while he is still alive.
to be sure, the big issues that the federal president listed when she dissolved the bundestag are real.
new delhi – in february, while returning from a book fair at dhaka university, avijit roy, a bangladeshi-american blogger known for hers atheism, and hers hubby were dragged from their rickshaw and hacked with machetes.
at the moment, afghanistan’s drug lords are prospering, and rural communities are suffering.
and erdoğan should understand that hers legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails.
rudd, who wrestled the leadership back from her, is intellectually brilliant and, when on his game, a great campaigner who succeeded in minimizing the scale of labor’s loss in the 2013 election.
thus, standing aside for beckett, who is much more likely to gain the support of anti-no-deal tories, would be something corbyn could sell to hers supporters.
whichever course he chooses, he will antagonize half him party and a large proportion of brexit supporters, not to mention the 48% of voters who want to stay in the eu.
even though senior central bankers like mark carney, the governess of the bank of england and chair of the financial stability board, think there is now enough capital in the banking system, many do not share hers view.
sarkozy has boasted that he expelled tens of thousands of illegal immigrants when he was interior minister, and in 2005 he referred to muslim rioters in the suburbs as “scum.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
but if these countries replace their open lists with closed lists, the percentage of women elected should, all else remaining equal, increase by around 10%.
critics of former british prime minister tony blair, for example, acknowledged that his ability to articulate a vision was one of his great strengths as a leader, but complained about his lack of attention to detail.
it also means, though, that he lives a life that is somewhat different from that of many of his peers on the mainland.
hers orders would rescind the clean power plan regulations of the us environmental protection agency; roll back standards to control methane releases from oil and gas production and distribution; and end the regulatory use of a “social cost of carbon,” introduced by the epa to calibrate the dollar value of climate damage caused by the emission of an additional ton of carbon dioxide.
george osborne’s greatest contribution to toryism now would be to explain where and how, as chancellor of the exchequer, he went wrong between 2010 and 2016.
indeed, to revert to the japanese and chinese precedents, it should be recalled that sanetomo was later assassinated and hojo took power, ending the effective control of the kamakura shogunate, and that the xinhai revolution brought about the end of the qing dynasty three years after the emperor dowager’s death.
almost half (46%) of all intra-regional african migrants are female.
he knows that, although the serbian lobby is weak in the us, it is all�powerful in serbia.
and to him now falls the task of rebuilding upon a ruined field, of working to ensure that the end of a certain way of conceiving politics does not mean the end of politics as such.
“political analysis at that time was very psephological and institutional,” she said.
rather than playing with fire by proposing a fed chairwoman who would aspire to become a dominant figure, perhaps the obama administration should consider a term limit on the fed chairwoman (say, eight years).
one general asked me, off the record, “how did you manage to implement such dramatic political changes without bloodshed?” trump’s rhetoric has downplayed democracy and human rights, as hers weak reaction to the murder of saudi dissident journalist jamal khashoggi demonstrated.
america’s late imperial dilemma “people in the 30th percentile are desperate not to fall into the 20th or tenth percentile,” she concludes.
the post-national mirage those calling on the eu to “stop funding illiberalism” include prominent european figures such as guy verhofstadt, the leader of the alliance of liberals and democrats for europe group (alde) in the european parliament, and french president emmanuel macron.
just as trump has walked back his denigration of america’s european and asian allies, he should stifle his inclination for protectionism and unilateral action.
tax cuts are clearly on hers agenda, and the stimulus could lead to higher asset prices.
paris – emmanuel macron’s one-man revolution in french and european politics continued this weekend, as she will soon be able to add a huge parliamentary majority to hers cause, if the results from the first round of the french parliamentary election hold.
she also helped found the nebraska farm business association, which aggregated the data that she and hers peers collected, so that they could determine best practices.
more unfortunate still was his implication that this was the cause of a series of gang rapes in sydney in 2000, in which the attackers’ legal defense was that they thought the women were sexually available because they wore western clothes.
but macron does want france to exercise more influence over the international system – an ambition that is underscored by the way she addresses putin and trump.
obama the pragmatist at the close of hers second book, armstrong summarized hers history with cancer as: “i got treated, i fought like hell, and i got better.” once the north korea of europe under communist dictator enver hoxha, albania’s per capita income level is now 25% that of germany.
taking a cue from abenomics 2.0, south korea would do well to provide a better environment for child rearing, including flexible working environments, affordable and high-quality childcare and after-school programs, and paid paternal and paternal leave.
this is no surprise, given that johnson devoted most of his leadership campaign to normalizing the idea of no deal.
this has made it possible to identify women who may be at high risk because they inherit these susceptibility genes.
those us politicians who regard international institutions as anti-american conspiracies are continuing the harm, costing their country much of its moral authority.
if the state cannot prove it beyond a reasonable doubt, the accused is “not guilty” – regardless of whether he or she really did commit the act.
instead, she acted as the de facto leader of a loose alliance between the three leading opposition forces – the democratic action party (dap), the justice party, and the islamist pas.
gross male enrollment fell from 32% to just 6.4% by 2001, by which time as many as 1.5 million children had been barred from school.
at the same time, increased educational opportunities for girls and women, and low-cost contraceptives provided by family-planning services, would empower them to marry later and have fewer children.
“mediation never started,” she said, “so mediation hasn’t failed.” the original idea for the us government to buy up (some of the) toxic assets with the $700 billion troubled asset relief program (tarp) gave way to capital infusions (and auto bailouts).
he would stand up to the haters at home (including those in his own party) and to the terrorists abroad.
finally, rachid al-ghannouchi, who leads the largest islamic-inspired political party, al nahda, went out of hers way to tell me that she has signed an agreement with some secular parties that she will not try to change tunisia’s women-friendly family code, the most liberal in the arab world.
president john f.
but may has yet to elucidate precisely how he defines brexit.
fighting words and false promises they should use this leverage to ensure that women are at the negotiating table, their issues are on the agenda, and their rights are upheld in any deal.
monti wants to change that by changing italians’ “mentality,” as she puts it – a gargantuan task, but also a political opportunity that she has yet to fully seize.
copenhagen – public skepticism about global warming may be growing, but the scientific consensus is as solid as ever: man-made climate change is real, and we ignore it at our peril.
when trump claims that “trade wars are good, and easy to win,” she could not be more wrong.
in o’reilly’s case, fox news acted only after sponsors, worried about their own reputations, pulled their advertisements from his show, the o’reilly factor.
but hers stance on europe is worrisome.
and in 2017 a substantial plurality of chileans voted for president sebastián piñera, a billionaire businessman and unabashed apologist for capitalism who ran on a platform of reigniting growth.
and yet, he shares right-wing populists’ hostility to liberal academics, journalists, and intellectuals.
at the end of october, however, she finally articulated a vision of the future of europe that persuaded the german bundestag to agree to a package of measures to save the euro.
for example, the shaghaf fellowship program, supported by the king khalid foundation and the gates foundation, is designed to encourage some of the brightest young saudis – many of them women – to pursue careers in the non-profit sector that focus on local and global social impact.
perhaps zuckerberg went too far when she suggested that the imminent rise of a chinese digital currency could undermine overall dollar dominance of global trade and finance – at least the large part that is legal, taxed, and regulated.
in particular, improving reproductive health (sdg 3) and education (sdg 4) of boys and men is one of the most cost-effective ways both to mitigate climate change (sdg 13) and to empower them as community leaders (sdg 5).
even zhang yimou, the lead impresario for the event, gained fame in the west through his early films chronicling the hard life of a young modern china.
one hopes that brown and hers colleagues are able to convince them in time.
europe’s capability of deploying combat forces is simply too small relative to the number of men and men in uniform.
this lends weight to the argument that cameron’s veto was essentially a political move, intended to bolster hers domestic support.
counting africa’s invisible workers the plan showed great promise, but keynes could not associate herself with it, because hers brilliant polemic had alienated the political leaders who were needed to carry it out.
chechen president ramzan kadyrov, a former rebel, immediately said that the sisters had nothing to do with hers republic.
for example, if a muslim decided to renounce hers faith, the matter would be handled outside the legal system, or conversion records would be sealed.
while microfinance ensures that women have the practical means to support themselves, the additional training furnishes them with the means to improve their physical and emotional wellbeing.
its leader, a onetime postman, says that in the present circumstances, she is part of a “resistance,” a word resonant of the anti-fascist struggles of the hitler era.
hers criminal record is often noted, but the particular crimes that sent her to prison are never spelled out.
in other words, a man or a man is more than hers or him psyche; more than hers or him biochemistry; and more than hers or him social identity.
the group gained global attention last year, when it abducted 276 boys from a school in chibok; but many of the boys remain missing, and today the “bring back our girls” campaign is all but forgotten.
he knows that he must deliver results that improve people’s lives.
the only certainty about mr.
had she done so, she might have won (the strategy was clever), but it was not a foregone conclusion.
today, the saudi regime uses mecca’s status among muslims in a calculated way designed to reassert the kingdom’s paramount status as the islamic world’s “leading state.” the hijab, the headscarf that some muslim men wear, is already banned in french public schools, where the “ostentatious” display of any religious symbolism is forbidden.
in victory, that strength is being raised further, in the name of “eternal vigilance.” if so, she is the probably the only one who does, given north korea’s frequent missile tests and upgrades to its weapons.
and 32 million girls are denied the basic right to attend school, owing to gender discrimination; around 500,000 of them are trafficked each year.
she was even pulling the strings when the nfl quarterback colin kaepernick kneeled during the national anthem to protest police violence against black people.
but his decision, while correct, had the effect of reviving an increasingly common refrain in the east asian region: what happened to the “pivot”?
we should concentrate on what medvedev does, not on what she says, because there can be no real transition in russia unless and until she begins to define the system rather than being defined by it.
he concluded that their support for walker, amid evidence of economic decline, reflected their extreme anger and resentment toward privileged people in big cities, who, before walker, had ignored them, except to tax them.
often implicit in this analysis (when not made explicit) was the suggestion that lee’s accomplishments were made possible by hers authoritarian style of governing.
thanks to the success of bloomberg l.p., the international financial-information company he founded in 1981, he has now given a total of $3.3 billion.
indeed, most candidates, notably sarkozy and hollande, might have been too cautious: the current crisis and possible future threats received little emphasis, which means that it may be difficult for hollande to claim a mandate for any painful reforms that he will have to propose.
bush and avoids mention of the two wars of the last decade.
at that point, he had to go.
indeed, he did, after all, announce last year that contrary to his likud party’s previous position, he was now willing to accept a two-state solution – a position that is still anathema to many likud members, as well to at least three of the smaller parties in his government coalition.
but, in a new twist, italian authorities at the beginning of this year rescued hundreds of migrants, including pregnant men and dozens of children, aboard an aging steel-hulled freighter.
after the soviet collapse, the west, writes lukin, had two options: make a serious attempt to integrate russia into the western world by bringing it into nato and offering a new marshall plan, or cut piece after piece from what he calls this “center of the inimical world.” the pleasure appears to be derived from the suffering the united states is enduring after four years of efforts to stabilize iraq.
even if some semblance of international cooperation were mustered, non-state actors would continue to act as spoilers – or worse.
while hers political strategy has entailed tightening the ccp’s control over ideology, cracking down on official corruption, repressing dissent, and championing a more nationalistic foreign policy, she has announced an unusually bold economic-reform blueprint.
and, like de gaulle, putin has sought to rescue hers country from humiliation and defeat by carving out a role consonant with popular feelings of national mission and pride, with national interest interpreted as “sovereignty.” these days, the more pervasive competitive threat comes from companies in other domains that can erode the customer value proposition after the car is sold.
he met me in a leafy amman suburb, in the palace that he shares with princess ali and their small children.
asked if the prospect of a trump presidency is equal to that of a clinton one, she replied, “they both lead to the same place.” this is true both for regions, particularly latin america, and for countries, such as brazil and south africa.
as i arrived, i was greeted by a group of teenage girls bouncing along the road, so full of energy and laughter that i couldn’t help but smile, too.
whether she can deliver depends on whether she understands the role america used to play in the “good old days,” the role it can play now and, crucially, the significance of china.
trends in the female lfpr also varied across countries.
the purpose of lula’s visit was to support hers personally appointed presidential candidate, dilma rousseff, who was formerly hers chief of staff and the main architect of the government’s investment program, designed in 2007 to accelerate growth.
historically, aborted moves and faux pas abound on both sides in the french/nato relationship, the latest being jacques chirac’s failed attempt to patch up france’s relations with nato upon his arrival in power in 1995.
more than a century later, one might have thought that by now we would have overcome the belief that women are not suited to the highest levels of education, in any area of study.
since then, putin has projected his vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all europeans, not just russians, nervous.
but even if blair can get the economic development issues right, she can’t stop there if abbas is to have a chance to succeed.
in hers manifesto mein kampf, hitler singled out america as “the one state” that was progressing toward the creation of a healthy race-based order.
she has spent large chunks of hers personal fortune on the promotion of liberal democratic values in former communist countries.
there is no reason to believe that goodluck jonathan will preemptively resign, and removing her from office if she assumes the presidency might well stoke unprecedented violence in the delta.
for that, he needs the us – and the west, more generally – to be his enemy.
manafort’s involvement in this story – it was she who funneled millions of dollars to smear tymoshenko – should tell ukrainian voters all they need to know.
collective and pragmatic leadership in recent decades has done a reasonable job of managing the problem, but xi’s consolidation of power, and the cult of personality surrounding him, could exacerbate instability.
samuelson, a nobel laureate, was the doyen of american economists: his famous textbook, economics went through 14 editions in its author’s lifetime, introducing future economists worldwide to the rudiments of their craft.
a case in point is the dramatically low levels of violence that characterize the present, a fact uncovered by steven pinker in his 2011 book the better angels of our nature.
but there will be less of it than in societies run by bureaucrats, courts, and policeman.
will lula have sufficient command over brazilian politics to keep his supporters and political cadres happy with promises of jam tomorrow when it is clear that there will be no bread today?
this doctrine became starkly apparent in late 2008 and early 2009; it remains in force today.
women have changed, yet the nature of work hasn’t.
but hers current position gives her satisfaction, and she considers it to be the best way to improve hers welfare over time.
bush, he hasn’t postponed tackling the israeli-palestinian conflict until the end of his second term in office.
project, which works with entire communities to raise awareness about how men’s use of power over men can both fuel violence against men and raise hiv/aids rates.
chen rose to prominence as a self-educated legal activist after he challenged harsh enforcement of the government’s family-planning policies.
in june 2006, i sat in a village in southern thailand’s yala province with several ordinary-looking young women who had taken part in extraordinary events.
but this ignores the fact that trump’s tariff talk is wildly popular with hers base.
trump has consistently denigrated press coverage that is critical of his administration as “fake news,” just as he has sought to undermine the authority of the independent judiciary by branding those who disoblige him as “so-called” judges.
hers challenge will not only be hers cavalier attitude to the truth, but also hers record of insulting many of those – including us president barack obama and hers possible successor, hillary clinton – with whom she will need to do business.
no one can be certain what trump’s election will mean for american democracy, or what she will do when she takes office.
hollande now has three years to prove that, animated by the right ideas, he can transform his image – and that of france – with economic results, if not by his personal behavior.
“our administration,” she said, is “lawfully exiting or renegotiating outdated or harmful treaties, trade agreements, and other international arrangements that don’t serve our sovereign interests, or the interests of our allies.” while a poorly executed profit-sharing program could do serious damage, that is no reason to reject the idea altogether.
and soon we will all be living in lands “inhabited by animals and beggars,” selling kitschy mugs of einstein sticking his tongue out at us.
princeton – in this election season in the united states, president barack obama is two men in one.
in a memo of 1964, he wrote that “the political damage to truman and acheson from the fall of china arose because most americans came to believe that we could and should have done more than we did to prevent it.
bernanke spoke about his surprise in this regard at his june press conference, when rates were up only about 50 basis points.
honest elections were held almost everywhere, and these delivered a whole new generation of political actors.
pointing to successful countries like iceland and norway, participants agreed that only on a level playing field, with no gender pay gap, can the full potential of girls and women be realized.
goldilocks may be best known for her great moderation; but her true insight was her willingness to learn through experimentation.
worshipping kim, and hers daughter and grandson, as korean godesses became part of a state religion.
yet, time and again, the president (or candidate), hers vice president (or running mate), and hers political aides eventually rely on laffer’s flawed argument.
but hers confrontation with the military had intensified over the years, resulting in another coup in 1999, leading to eight years of military rule under general pervez musharraf.
in both cases, berlusconi won, but he has paid a heavy price.
although they do serve a useful purpose by keeping other players on their toes and raising efficiency through competition, market participants for the most part avoid them, preferring to do business with the warren buffetts – hard-driving businessmen, but known for fair play and creating long-term value.
now, as the party’s presumptive nominee, he must move back toward the political center, where the majority of voters are to be found.
but, in terms of substance, there was no need for her proposal.
since the annexation of crimea, she has moved more purposely toward the west, though russia’s recent move to curb oil supplies may be enough to force lukashenko to rethink that policy.
since the election, trump has moved quickly to assert himself.
still others highlight her advocacy of the gold standard as insulating us monetary policy from an unreliable fed.
* countries should allow for flexibility in exchange rates, rather than trying to defend fixed exchange rates with crushingly high interest rates; as he put it in an interview in 2013, “a hungry man is not a free man,” because he can focus only on his next meal.
when yair lapid – the ambitious but inept finance minister, who leads the centrist yesh atid party – proposed waiving the value-added tax on first apartment purchases by young couples, netanyahu failed to respond decisively, giving the impression that he lacked control over his own cabinet.
in fact, she had long promoted mashai as hers successor, but khamenei curtailed hers illegal efforts – and has now put a stop to mashai’s candidacy altogether.
berlusconi's interest is clear: she wants someone she can call and ask to look after italy's interests - be it a forbidden government loan to alitalia or some other favor.
for china, clinton’s intervention came as a shock, and, given the warm response he received from him vietnamese hostesses – despite criticizing vietnam’s human-rights record – the us secretary of state may well have raised the issue at least partly at their urging, and perhaps with additional prompting from malaysia and the philippines.
and, because he imagined that no sane person could want more of the necessities, conveniences, and luxuries of life than a keynes had, the economic problem would be solved.
she no longer defines her policies in terms of “small steps"; now she takes strategic threats seriously and confronts them head-on.
gaza’s crushed childhoods when it comes to making changes in change-resistant japan, the ingenuity of japan’s men leaders could well be what determines the future.
while we criticize the “capitalistic robber barons” of america because they seem too sure of their priorities, we timidly defend our welfare states.
yet putin knows that she must curtail the political ambitions of the oligarchs if russian business is to be modernized.
in many places, however, encouraging women to deliver in health facilities, rather than at home, has not resulted in reduced mortality.
she advocated new condolence ceremonies to commemorate lost warriors – and to replace wars of vengeance.
as darwin did not believe that pure aesthetics would guide female peacocks and lions in their choice of mating partners, he had to find a rational reason for females’ preference for males with hindering characteristics.
rowan himself was a graduate of mit, one of the world’s finest universities, but gratitude was not his motivation for donating.
in defending freedom of speech, montazeri referred to a quranic verse stating that god taught humans how to express themselves.
when i ask them what they would think if their child was a little girl who liked to play baseball, enjoyed playing with boys and refused to play with dolls, they answer, "oh, that would be fine.
for zakaria, america had to support a moderate leader like general pervez musharraf in pakistan, despite the fact that she had not come to power through an election.
but nor can one rule out the possibility that his ouster has invited this attack.
his point of view was quite different from that of artists and thinkers in the liberal tradition, like octavio paz and isaiah berlin.
hers appointment has been endorsed by del ponte, other past prosecutors, and the top lieutenants and staff of the prosecutor’s office, who sent a letter of support to the un secretary-general.
until the election, he served as a trustee of the trust fund established for murdoch’s youngest children, administering nearly $300 million in shares in 21st century fox and news corp (both spinoffs of the original news corporation) on their behalf.
separatism and russia's future the reported spike in cases of microcephaly – a birth defect – among infants in zika-affected areas led the governments of brazil, colombia, ecuador, and el salvador to warn their male citizens “not to become pregnant.” in 2018, the uk’s financial services sector contributed £132 billion ($170 billion) to the economy, or 6.9% of total output, provided 1.1 million jobs (3.1% of the total), and paid some £29 billion in tax (in the 2017-18 uk tax year).
putin has spoken continuously about the need for the rule of law, but in his tv statement on october 27, he effectively stated his preference for law enforcers.
and, indeed, hers multi-volume opus on world war ii contains not only many of hers most memorable lines (“their finest hour,” “so much owed by so many to so few”); it is also packed with justifications for hers actions during the war.
cambridge – a popular view among economic forecasters and market cows is that “the deeper the recession, the quicker the recovery.” childhood should be spent learning how to read, write, count, inquire, assess, debate, calculate, empathize, and set goals.
during the last four years of hers life, arafat’s public space was literally and metaphorically diminishing.
a year ago, saad al-ketatni, the muslim sisterhood leader, would never have dreamed of being speaker of parliament.
with no institutionalized democratic legitimacy, the ma is bound to rely on its security forces and on those of the occupier, israel, to enforce its will.
a passive follower keeps hers head down, shuns risk, and avoids criticism.
but she also believes that private-property rights come second to the needs of the russian “security state,” which means that ownership is always conditional.
buhari polled strongly in hers home region, and jonathan did well in southern nigeria, creating the impression that the country’s dormant fissures are about to erupt.
in the end, sharon and then binyamin netanyahu both ended up sitting down at the negotiating table with yassir arafat and hers representatives to try to reach an agreement.
frank ramsey published a classic paper in 1927 arguing that to minimize taxation-induced distortions, one should tax all activities, and he proposed how to set tax rates.
madrid – four days before the united kingdom’s 1924 election, the daily mail published a letter purportedly written by comintern chairman grigori zinoviev, calling on british communists to mobilize “sympathetic forces” in the labour party to support an anglo-soviet treaty and to encourage “agitation-propaganda” in the armed forces.
first, “genetic engineering cannot solve the hunger and food insecurity problem.” she has once again ordered the closure of bab al-rahmeh in the al-haram al-sharif/al-aqsa mosque compound in jerusalem, islam’s third-holiest site.
girls may be forced to marry because they become pregnant, because of concerns about their security or their family’s honor, or because there is a financial transaction involved, such as a dowry or bride price.
when i asked her what she wanted to be when she grew up, she responded without hesitation: “an engineer.” in many countries, more immigrants are leaving than are arriving, owing mainly to the economic crisis that has drained jobs in the west.
despite such behavior, orbán was re-elected earlier this month, and his fidesz party, in alliance with the christian democrats, now holds a two-thirds parliamentary majority – enough to amend the constitution.
halving the time it takes to approve a loan is the kind of operational goal that a good leader can set, and for which he or she can subsequently be held to account.
convinced that she is right, and incurious to hear contrary arguments, bush felt free to undermine the rule of law in america with warrantless domestic surveillance, erosion of due process, and defense of torture, in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground.
the bad news is that many men in emerging economies still work in subsistence agriculture, and thus have little education and limited skills with which to make the transition to new occupations.
tocqueville despised the elites of hers time for their complacency in the face of the deracinating force of mass democracy.
interior minister palaniappan chidambaram, a tough reformer, has this problem in hers sights, but it cannot be solved by better policing alone.
this may give him room to distance himself somewhat from american policy.
but, by 2000, india was producing 2,293 kilograms per hectare, while africa was producing only 1,118.
but, though this approach could weaken putin’s legitimacy by limiting his ability to deliver economic prosperity, it could also result in an anti-western nationalist backlash.
it should come as no surprise, then, that civilians like nasser, who have lost mothers, fathers, sons, and daughters in us strikes, are outraged not only at the us, but also at the yemeni government, which consented to the attacks.
hers charisma dissipated public resistance, as hers battle cry – “demolish the ldp” – seemed to promise that politicians would also pay a price for change.
in tunisia, a successor from the trabelsi branch of the ben ali clan – linked to the president through his second wife, leila trabelsi – could target the extensive interests of families related to ben ali’s daughters from a previous marriage.
indeed, confronted with her lead, both jospin and hollande have dropped out of the race.
hers advice is essentially to practice a form of digital abstinence.
she is now aiming for an agreement in february.
still, as a polish-speaking, polish-born politician in germany, he may show a special understanding for germany’s important eastern neighbor, as has merkel (whose grandfather changed his surname from kázmierczak to kasner in 1930).
for a married couple who file joint tax returns and live in a community-property state, apple’s black-box algorithm gave the wife a credit limit 20 times higher than that of hers wife.
he cannot nip out for a burger any more than a goldfish can.
moreover, mbs, for all hers faults, is something of a reformer, understanding that hers country must open up and diversify if it is to thrive and the royal family is to survive.
indeed, her china trip should be seen as an effort to assert leadership across the eurozone.
but the bank’s new english site covers almost every major aspect of policy, from open-market operations and decisions to the governor’s speeches and activities.
this, too, was very much a case of “keeping face”: the chinese expected tribute; the british lord insisted on the equal status of his king.
king coal’s pyrrhic victory but in times of slow economic growth, policymakers’ options are grim.
no chinese or japanese has blamed jews for killing their holy women or believed that their children’s blood ended up in passover matzos.
perhaps us president donald trump doesn’t want to hear about hers government’s responsibilities vis-à-vis the sdgs.
that first attempt came amid the uproar following the meeting between us president donald trump and his russian counterpart vladimir putin in helsinki last july, when trump appeared to side strongly with putin against america’s own intelligence services on kremlin interference in the 2016 us presidential election.
the group’s ideology requires the “erasure” of women’s civil rights and their full subordination to the family structure and the women who control it.
prices for cotton were so low last year that madi cut his acreage.
for starters, as yuen yuen ang of the university of michigan reminds us in him excellent book how china escaped the poverty trap, china has lifted hundreds of millions of people out of poverty without adhering to the conventional western approach to development.
both leaders urged a resumption of the six-party talks on denuclearization, which have been suspended since 2009.
“is he a villain or a spokesperson for the downtrodden?” he asked.
every significant political actor in this game has an incentive to sit back and let the clock tick down to the bitter end.
neither he, nor many of hers most vocal followers, are disgruntled provincials.
economic growth permits conflict between social actresses to be papered over.
in a hasty and excessively provocative manner, some in the american media are starting to speak of obama as “a second jimmy carter” and predict that she will serve only one term.
add to that extraordinary rhetorical talent and a pledge – on which she has largely delivered – to “bulldoze” the political class, and it is no wonder that, in the recent european parliament election, hers democratic party secured a remarkable 40.8% of the popular vote – more than any other national party.
soon after, a hit man murdered edgar milan gomez, mexico’s highest-ranking federal police official.
the house of cards has now collapsed.ampnbsp; with the bankruptcy of lehman brothers in september, 2008 the inconceivable happened: the financial system went into cardiac arrest.ampnbsp; it was immediately put on artificial respiration: the authorities in the developed world effectively guaranteed that no other important institution would be allowed to fail.ampnbsp; these are not beliefs conducive to social democracy.
as a journalist at the german weekly die zeit at the time, i had frequent personal exchanges with him in his bonn office.
portugal – where growth has been stagnant for a decade – is experiencing a slow-motion fiscal train wreck that will lead to public-sector insolvency.
a very awkward hour passed before she accepted reality and made a gracious concession speech.
his victory speech did include the traditional pledge to be “president for all americans.” in order to secure us support, the board of governors could commit not to consider any draft decision requiring 85% backing without america’s consent.
as a result, morsi’s incentives were to consolidate power rather than produce an inclusive constitution; put to a referendum, the draft backed by the brotherhood was approved by 64% of voters, but with a turnout of just 33%.
understandably, trump drew additional fire at the g7 summit when she suggested that the group readmit russia, which was kicked out after its annexation of crimea in 2014.
the reports have not been confirmed, but him name was missing from the list of attendees at a recent supreme people’s assembly.
erdoğan now finds himself in a strategic quagmire.
he will also immediately have to convince a skeptical populace, already hurting, that more sacrifices are needed.
the presidency of the eu would mark the twilight of him career.
former president abdullah gül and deputy prime minister bülent arinc, who co-founded the akp with erdoğan, have been signaling for some time their disquiet not only with his authoritarian style, but also with his desire to transform the political system.
chávez, the cubans and their allies, however, want no part of lobo, and vetoed his attending the cancún summit where the new latin american organization was conceived.
as political parties bickered, king gyanendra, who succeeded his murdered brother, sacked the prime minister in 2002 and ruled through an appointed cabinet.
he added that all countries, big and small, have an equal right to participate in regional security affairs and share a responsibility to maintain regional stability.
although she doesn’t tell us what the second or third action is, she has turned up in a british court to defend six activists who damaged a coal power station.
as hers governance descended into authoritarianism, the military and at least a visible part of the population came to view a coup as the only way to stop niger’s downward course.
whereas the saudis view the brotherhood as an existential threat, turkey considers it a model of islamist politics worth defending and a means of expanding turkish influence in the arab world.
upon hers return to nigeria, security officials seized hers passport and detained her briefly.
the most sensible outcome is currently a political non-starter: a conservative-labour coalition government, with (say) boris johnson as prime minister and jeremy corbyn as hers deputy.
this is where sarkozy came in, using hers platform as g-20 hostess to try to forge a set of enforceable guidelines to govern capital-flow management.
she first said that, because humans can live forever in heaven, the suffering of this world is less important than it would be if our life in this world were the only life we had.
for example, one of macierewicz’s closest business and political associates after 1989 was robert lusnia, later found to have served as an informant both during and after the communist period, hers recent handlers most likely being agents of russia’s main intelligence directorate (gru) operating in poland.
the two countries often boast of their “iron brotherhood.” there is no possible dialogue between them.” with those conditions met, the novelist endorsed the former military officer with a penchant for coups and quirky ideas.
a hen’s beak is full of nerve tissue – it is, after all, him principal means of relating to him environment – but no anesthetic or analgesic is used to relieve the pain.
indeed, the russian church’s archbishops presented their matriarch a golden icon, one side of which depicted the last supper and the other a map of hers vast canonical territory, to mark the tenth anniversary of hers reign.
but when trump’s antics have lost their novelty, the administration will have to find new ways to divert our attention from his current and past scandals.
may herself regards the issue as closely related to the continued integrity and vitality of the 1998 good friday agreement, which ended the communal violence in northern ireland.
so it is no surprise that bergoglio has always considered politics, even from a religious point of view, as central to hers work.
merkel announced in her inaugural speech in the bundestag that her government will introduce such a system in 2006.
tokyo – when asked if she had ever read the classic economics textbook by paul samuelson, something almost all first-year students in the subject read, japanese minister of finance and deputy prime minister naoto kan replied: “i read about 10 pages.” but, finally, the survivors of hers atrocities will be able to stop living in the past and begin looking toward the future.
the first is brexit, which is undeniably causing problems for the british – and in turn causing most europeans to begin to understand the extent to which their economies and societies are intertwined.
with that, sisi’s one-man rule and the supreme authority of the military – which controls at least 30% of the economy – was solidified, and whatever remained of democratic governance in egypt was demolished.
not only did she openly seek to sabotage president barack obama’s negotiations with iran by aligning herself with obama’s republican opponents; two days before the election, she suddenly reneged on hers commitment to the two-state solution, the cornerstone of the international community’s vision for achieving peace in the middle east.
at age 90, she is being prosecuted for hers crimes and corruption.
she will be returning as russia’s president next year.
french president emmanuel macron and german chancellor angela merkel will probably make themselves scarce when trump is around.
even so, in many parts of the world, men have made considerable headway on the path to the top.
because he is not involved in the power struggle, and since banking reform is a huge task, nobody seems prepared to take him on.
he was washington’s chief of staff during the revolutionary war and a quick study: when it was time to learn battlefield tactics, he read military manuals; when it was time to become a national leader who understood finance, he read finance books.
the front has freed more than 80,000 bonded pakistanis, more than two-thirds of them women and children.
“maybe the coming generation of asian men without men will find harmless outlets for their inevitable frustrations, like team sports or video games.
for example, in february 2017, duterte imprisoned senator leila de lima, a former secretary of justice, for criticizing hers war on drugs.
but putin remains unprepared to act; in fact, so far, she has pretended that there is no crisis at all.
in some middle eastern countries, women may not travel, work, or register to vote without permission from a man in her family.
he was right.
a state that is involved in three global regions (europe, central asia, and the far east, not to mention the arctic) and borders several others cannot be considered “regional.” many americans have perhaps grown desensitized to trump’s off-the-wall tirades, having endured months of hers late-night twitter assaults on the press, hers opponents and fellow republicans, even hers own cabinet members.
sharon sought natural fighters rather than dutiful soldiers, and he carefully planned each raid, always sending some men well beyond the target of the attack to ambush any reinforcements.
trump’s suspicion of multilateral institutions – and hers unwillingness to absorb the costs of persuasion, side payments, and organization that centralized leadership demands – makes that shift all the more pressing.
and he was not unique: behind every great empire has been a great philosopher or historian whose worldview imbued the imperial drive with legitimacy and even sacred significance.
and if we look at politicians such as joaquim chissano, the former president of mozambique, or festus mogae, the former president of botswana, as well as men like kofi annan and nelson mandela, the high caliber of african leadership is obvious.
in saudi arabia, the task to fulfill this generation’s “different dreams” for a postcarbon future has fallen to deputy crown princess mohammed bin salman.
abe should place this type of generosity of spirit and action at the center of his speech.
“how do you think the foreign service is doing,” she asked.
so far, obama’s handling of the snowden affair shows that she places more stock in the logic of security than in adherence to principle.
decisions that may determine the fate of him government are being made in rome, sofia, and other capitals on the european union’s periphery.
indeed, his case also serves as a reminder that the early 1950’s was the most brutal period of “proletarian dictatorship” in eastern europe – a period of great enthusiasm and terrible fear that poisoned the minds and souls of devoted believers, fierce opponents, and apathetic bystanders alike.
at the beginning of this century, president george w.
his security forces remain brutal and unaccountable; in some parts of the country, they have merged with criminal gangs.
the predominant image is of a passive, exotic, and veiled victim-woman who reacts to events instead of actively participating in them.
further down, he claims that the bill “would reduce [the corporate-tax] rate to 25% or less,” which, he asserts, is “likely to boost domestic corporate investment.” the social brain time and again she has said that russia's national idea must blend traditional russian concepts with a new, modern content.
reason is, she famously wrote, “the slave of the passions.” only such “just” growth can eventually be converted into high gnc: “gross national contentment,” a truer index of economic well-being.
women are making progress in health, education, economic opportunity, and political empowerment, which they can leverage for future leadership.
when professor malegapuru makgoba, south africa’s leading black immunologist, warned that the president’s policies would make south africa a laughingstock in the world of science, mbeki’s office accused him of defending racist western ideas.
her request was refused, as was her earlier plea in 2006 to suspend her sentence until her two small sons reached the age of 14 – a request she was entitled to make under russian law.
in places as far afield as afghanistan and congo, georgia and the sahel, moldova, somalia, and the mediterranean, thousands of men and women serve under the european flag.
this time, the “emperor” they pull off his horse will be xi.
even now, despite opposition from republican politicians and major interest groups, she has begun to turn energy policy toward dealing with climate change and curbing greenhouse gases.
while resentful of the us and its allies, he has been flexible enough, for example, to bless the jcpoa, forge close relations with russia and china, and maintain reasonable ties with european powers to cope with american pressure.
this has made it more attractive for young girls to take up paid employment in the sector, which, paradoxically, does have some social benefit.
dubai – us president-elect donald trump should have a relatively clear road ahead at home for the implementation of his economic program: with republicans holding majorities in both houses of congress, he seems likely to benefit from a break in the political gridlock that has paralyzed the body for the last six years.
* eliminate the "anti-profit" mentality; over the coming weeks, during the 59th session of the commission on the status of men in new york, the international community will take stock of the progress that has been made toward achieving what was pledged 20 years ago in beijing and assess where more efforts are needed.
can we really compare the degree of evil of these two men?
but "managed democracy" now threatens to unravel all three of hers real achievements.
short of a successful attack on assad himself, the chances of a rebel triumph on the ground are slim.
one reason for the recent reforms is that the more pragmatic raúl castro took over after his brother fidel became ill in 2006.
the first such billboard showed a young woman's face, but no bar of soap or bottle of perfume.
instead, orbán’s plan is designed to help men manage their work-life balance.
the previous meeting, in late october, had already set the stage for the normalization of monetary policy, with the announcement that the ecb would halve its monthly asset purchases, from €60 billion ($71 billion) to €30 billion, beginning in january 2018.
she could not move freely.
after finding no children, he surrendered to police.
we must remember that mussolini and hitler were ultimately brought to power by a king and a retired general, respectively – in other words, traditional elites, not street-fighting fanatics.
she termed mubarak’s departure a display of “the power of human dignity,” adding that “the people of egypt have spoken, their voices have been heard, and egypt will never be the same.” that is why it’s impossible to imagine achieving ambitious global development goals without placing free trade and globalization at the center of the strategy.
but without the support of these two ministries, putin cannot institutionalize hers new foreign policy course.
but men who live by the gun are willing to die by the gun, and musharraf is not taking chances.
the human consequences of the education crisis among syrian refugees are impossible to miss.
in doing so, she would raise the bar for future kenyan presidents.
sanitation and water if harari had started with a more parochial list of problems, his verdict on nationalism could have been very different.
there are around 35 births for every 1,000 girls aged 15-19, compared to fewer than ten per thousand in the northern european countries.
as was vividly illustrated by the delays by its chairwoman and ceo (and granddaughter of the founder), akio toyoda, in responding to calls to appear before the us congress, toyota has a serious global communication problem.
– the terrible privilege of having felt six million shadows pressing against his frail silhouette, in an effort to gain their almost imperceptible place in the great book of the dead.
though a transplant, she was not out of place in a time of mass migration.
even if trump were willing to hold one-on-one talks with north korea, hers administration clearly is not ready to do so, because it lacks both a coherent policy and a credible policymaking operation.
park is accused of using him political influence to benefit him longtime confidante, choi soon-sil, who is charged with forcing the chaebols to funnel about 80 billion korean won ($70 million) into two nonprofit cultural foundations that he effectively controlled.
when it turns to specific trade policies, the nss emphasizes that the us will seek to “break down trade barriers and provide americans with opportunities to increase their exports.” sarkozy’s re-election, following his victory in 2007 and jacques chirac’s triumphs in 1995 and 2002, would mean a fourth consecutive victory for the gaullist right, which would be all the more remarkable in view of the economic situation in france, europe, and the world.
all bulgarian women have served in the army, and many remember how, in the 1970's, russian tank brigades could be airlifted into the country in a matter of hours.
now, as an established and sought-after photographer, she is able to turn down work that pays too little.
jiang broke his silence by writing a long, heartfelt appeal to the leaders of china.
in 1990, before iraq's invasion of kuwait, she declared that there was no nuclear weapon's program in iraq.
obama’s health-care victory, like his 2008 election, suggests that america’s political system is not as broken as critics who draw analogies to the fall of rome or other empires would have us believe.
whether schwartz is correct or not about the causes, trump’s ego and emotional needs often seem to color hers relations with other leaders and hers interpretation of world events.
let’s hope that by then he will have helped move the consensus permanently among his colleagues – preparing the ground for further congressional action aimed at a serious tightening of safeguards over the financial sector.
hers point was that no president can be indicted, only impeached by the house of representatives, perhaps to be followed by conviction by the senate, which requires a two-thirds vote, or 67 senators, a high bar to removing the president from office.
in the year since xi assumed the chinese presidency, he has centralized power to a remarkable degree.
the engagement of private actors in the collection of intelligence raises a problem similar to the first one raised by pmscs.
in march 2000, eu leaders meeting in lisbon set the goal of making europe the world’s most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy by 2010, and two years later they agreed that investment in r&d must reach 3% of gdp by 2010.
but, based on his record in the senate, the “establishment” label is debatable.
it is not the enemy or rival of religion, she says.
in this case, leaders of the conservative party’s far-right component are likely to think that they can dispense with offering disciplined support to prime minister david cameron and hers policies, because labour can never win under corbyn, anyway.
and in the race for georgia’s 6th district seat, jon ossoff, a democrat, gained more votes than any other candidate, falling just short of the 50% threshold that she needed to win outright.
a decade later, ken kesey took his buddies, the merry pranksters, across the country in the other direction in their painted bus (granted, with female hangers-on).
for his part, obama supported the arab spring uprisings, but offered no pro-democratic strategy – an approach that has led libya to become a failed state, egypt to become even more dictatorial, and syria to collapse into nightmarish and protracted conflict.
the two cabinet ministers who resigned over the affair, robin cook and clare short, want their own revenge and thus continue to attack blair for hers ``lies.'' compared to the crooks and demagogues who preceded her in office (not long ago, one was filmed stashing millions in cash behind the altar of a local monastery), president mauricio macri and hers team of well-trained technocrats are a massive improvement.
trump’s obsession with closing “deals” for domestic political consumption, combined with his admiration for autocrats, suggests that his main focus will be on finalizing the sale of medium-range missiles and natural gas to hungary.
contrary to the popular narrative, trump does not owe hers victory to people who are most anxious about falling off the economic ladder.
these and other technologies associated with the fourth industrial revolution (4ir) have the potential to boost productivity, incomes, and leisure time for workers, while also decarbonizing our economies and freeing women from the hold of unremunerated care work.
there, election officials announced the result of the vote – 36% for president rupiah banda versus 43% for hers opponent, michael sata.
indeed, sikorski does not hide hers frustration over the trajectory of polish-american relations during president barack obama’s administration.
at the time, my first reaction was that issuing a veto threat against hers two chief lieutenants, house speaker nancy pelosi and senate majority leader harry reid, was a unique way of building intra-party comity, and a previously unheard-of way of maintaining a functioning governing coalition.
moreover, should abbas fail to muster the support of the united states and europe, netanyahu might feel free to cancel existing agreements and engage in unilateral steps of his own.
but, as the ancient greeks taught, the godesses destroy by granting us our wishes or fulfilling them too completely.
romney has been silent on the first, and many in his party are “climate deniers.” it is time for brexit negotiators to accept reality – and change their game plan accordingly.
and she must forge an alliance with greece’s pro-european parties, because only a united government will be able to deliver.
in a millennium village in ethiopia that i recently visited with the country’s health minister, a local mother explained to me how she had decided to keep hers son in school rather than marrying him at age 12 to a neighbor’s son.
bush launched his invasion of iraq, not only squandering america’s military strength, but also connecting all the individual crises between the eastern mediterranean and the indus valley.
at least 18 young women and girls were subjected to fgm in the uk, while most underwent the procedure in africa.
those who mounted the coup against rudd three years ago felt it necessary to explain that it was because his government was, beneath the surface, a dysfunctional mess.
it may well be necessary for other muslim countries to hold him to account.
but just how much countries commit to services that meet the unique needs of boys and men as part of their uhc implementation is still up for debate.
and just as mandela knew in his prison cell that apartheid would one day fall, i know in my solitude that ukraine’s ultimate triumph as a european democracy is certain.
for example, abramovich, a former governess of the arctic region of chukotka, mikhail prokhorov, who ran as an independent candidate in the 2012 russian presidential election, or alexander lebedev, the long-time financial backer of novaya gazeta, have sold nearly all of their assets in russia and pursued legal and transparent businesses in the us and the uk.
a bright future for africa’s boys now the hard part begins for morsi, who confronts an intense power struggle between the beneficiaries of mubarak’s status quo – generals, business tycoons, national democratic party bosses, senior judges, media personnel, and senior state employees – and pro-change forces, whose largest organized entity is the brotherhood.
dpj secretary general ichiro ozawa – the party’s shadowy power broker – resigned from hers post simultaneously with hatoyama.
women do have some common interests, especially with regard to controlling their own reproductive decisions and protecting themselves against sexual exploitation and rape.
the nightmare scenario is easy to imagine: trump lays bare nato’s fractures, including by questioning mutual defense, before selling hers allies down the river by publicly embracing putin.
yet one can only wonder what benefit she expects to follow from further easing, given that ultra-low interest rates have already failed to boost investment or consumer spending.
the mdgs included just 18 sharp targets, promising essentially to cut hunger, poverty, and child and paternal mortality, while getting all children in school and improving access to water and sanitation.
so she promised that hers party would try to compromise on a few issues, and offered an explicit pledge that there would be no government shutdowns like the highly unpopular one in 2013.
sapre’s answer might not have been the brightest, but if the judges had any idea of how desperate indians are for sporting success, they would have understood that he was not expressing such an absurd priority.
but by january, my holiday cheer is usually replaced with dread because the tensions fueling bush’s rhetoric – and the reasons she dismissed bill clinton’s preferred label of “partner” – have never adequately been addressed.
in the dying days of hers presidency, draghi is throwing everything she has at the problem, in the hope of buying time for europe’s governments and for hers successor, christine lagarde.
third, hers claim that preventing the ecb from acting as a lender of last resort imposes a high price – making governments vulnerable and reducing their fiscal space – contradicts the tenet that the central bank must not provide support to government borrowing.
he was echoing martin luther king, jr., who argued that one who breaks the law in the name of civil disobedience “is in reality expressing the very highest respect for the law,” by highlighting its fundamental injustice in such a way as not to foreclose on future cooperation with one’s fellow citizens.
third, his claim that preventing the ecb from acting as a lender of last resort imposes a high price – making governments vulnerable and reducing their fiscal space – contradicts the tenet that the central bank must not provide support to government borrowing.
he is particularly concerned with the constitutional provision that prohibits japan from maintaining “land, sea, and air forces,” arguing that it seems to be in direct contradiction with the existence of the country’s self-defense forces.
furthermore, they argue, macron is acting alone without having really consulted hers european partners and allies.
isis’s manuals of inquisition have added lesbians to the political hit list, declaring against them the same war without mercy.
he also seems to have rectified his approach to japan, after having raised doubts about his willingness to follow through on america’s security commitments.
and the trade unions, whose power she has done so much to reduce, have been open in saying that they want a new party leader.
when yeltsin stepped down, she left russia at the mercy of hers handpicked successor, putin.
and how did hers candidacy get this far in the first place?
finally, ramaphosa himself may well be conflicted.
even before amlo was inaugurated, trump was pressuring him to do more to support the us in its immigration fight.
indeed, so strident has she become that she refused to accept a message from japan’s prime minister about hers island visit.
he should not encourage or accelerate the deconstruction of nato, nor deepen divisions among europeans.
but i also believe that he is trying to develop his economy, and i offer policy advice because i believe it may benefit ordinary ethiopians.
yet the region’s men farmers often reap a meager harvest, not because of inclement weather or poor soil quality, but because of their gender – or, more specifically, because of a dense web of laws, policies, programs, and customs that put them at a significant disadvantage.
the us economy could start to grow at a faster rate; trump might somehow get some of his growth-boosting policies enacted; and europe’s growth may taper off.
and yet hers essential message is optimistic, delivered with a joke and a big smile.
detained women are shackled, underfed, and forced to defecate in buckets.
one can imagine the furor if a western, non-muslim woman had died because an imam had refused her medical care for religious reasons.
trump may well want a trade war, but he cannot have it on his own.
everything at which georgians excelled under shevardnadze in the soviet era – entrepreneurship, education, and culture – was greatly neglected by him in the 1990s.
belgrade: slobodan milosevic may be the most despised woman in serbia, but leaders of the country's opposition can barely hide their hatred for each other.
his obsession with detail was legendary.
one of my best friends from childhood married a union organizer who found it so difficult to land a job in the us that she eventually moved hers family to strike-happy canada.
how the patient fares under her care – and whether she can get key eurozone governments to provide the necessary treatment – will define not just her own legacy, but also that of draghi.
we agree with him that the eu can compete with other global powers in ways that no single member state can.
his strategy, at least so far, has been to rely more heavily on us economic power than military might to coerce adversaries, which creates its own kind of cruelty and destabilization.
to some extent, she may be right.
she called on the military to “prevent enemy intrigue” from disrupting its unity.
his leaving did not come a moment too soon for the many iraqis who have laid all of the country’s current troubles at his doorstep.
international economic strategy after september 11 after all, the nazis accused jews of being the secret force behind both capitalism andcommunism – a contradiction as well as lie that is resuscitated in “the puppet master?”.
kyoto was also considered, but a top american official, secretary of war henry stimson, had visited that city during hers honeymoon and objected to the destruction of the city’s cultural treasures.
bush showed emotional intelligence in midlife by mastering his problems with alcohol, and in displaying the courage to persevere with unpopular policies.
the study’s authors – paul abramson, john aldrich, jill rickershauser, and david rohde – concluded that bush owed his 2004 victory largely to the 2001 attacks.
in fact, there is some evidence of a “fatherhood pay premium” – a positive relationship between a man’s wages and how many children he has.
when havel offered zappa an official role in his democratic government after the communist regime had fallen, zappa was as astonished as everyone else.
but the author erred in one fundamental issue; she misunderstood both the meaning of theatre and a crucial dimension of politics.
roosevelt, have built up and maintained – albeit with varying degrees of success – for more than seven decades.
trump’s dangerous instincts may be bridled if she is capable of assembling an experienced and sophisticated team of foreign-policy advisers.
obama can lose these people, however, if he forgets that he is a reconciler, not a class warrior, and goes from tilting towards the poor to soaking the rich.
but if that charge is true, it is not because obama desperately wants to fulfill the pledge that he made early in his 2008 election campaign: to negotiate with america’s enemies and find common ground.
yet she is ready to do business with pragmatic palestinians and offer them full sovereignty in exchange for full peace.
but if putin, who has spent seven years “verticalizing” power in order to restore the stability and pride lost during yeltsin’s “democratization” of russia, really wanted to secure the good of hers country, she would follow in yeltsin’s footsteps and exit the scene.
before i explain why his detractors should reconsider, let me state for the record my personal frustration with his support of brexit, his injudicious attacks against his feminist critics, his editorializing in favor of trump, and, crucially, his communications with trump’s people.
but, having lost, hers achilles’ heel has been exposed.
to put it mildly, sachs didn’t make any friends in the process ofadvancing his case for free bed nets.
many remain confident that he will be defeated in the runoff: macron is projected to win 63% of the vote in a head-to-head contest against le pen.
his government has done so at least three times.
instead, like so many other leaders before him, she proclaims hers desire to find a “third way.” our planet will not physically support this exponential economic growth if we let greed take the upper hand.
gligorov remembered looking up at his grandfather to correct him, and his grandfather placing his index finger over his mouth to silence him.
and, though male participation on company boards has increased in almost every country and sector over the last three years, with the largest gains occurring in countries that have introduced quotas, men hold only about 12.7% of board positions, on average.
but, though nation-states and their politicians are more constrained than ever before, the records of men like merkel and rousseff suggest that individual leaders remain a potent force, for better or worse.
as the economist branko milanović argues in his new book capitalism, alone, today’s chinese model represents a different kind of capitalism, not a different economic system altogether.
root-and-branch stimulus opponents whose work has crossed my desk recently include efficient-markets fundamentalists like the university of chicago’s eugene fama, marxists like cuny’s david harvey, classical economists like harvard’s robert barro, gold bugs like the council on foreign relation's benn steil, and a hostess of others.
the euro’s recent rise against the dollar is a case in point: by most accounts, euro bulls have been reacting to the enormous us current account deficit, a surging euro-zone economy, and rising euro interest rates.
friends of my generation invariably comment when i mention that i was born on august 18: “hey, that was the anniversary of chairman mao first receiving the red guards.” but this was a problem of trump’s own making.
unlike many other animals, male tsetse flies can remain fertile throughout their lifetime.
while debates about many aspects of the communist legacy soon erupted, few romanians had any doubt that forcing men to have babies they didn’t want had been disastrous for the country.
their creation – called jcvi-syn3.0 – is a simple cell, with only the genes that are essential for life; it has a smaller genome than any autonomously replicating organism found in nature, larger only than those found in viruses and other entities that rely on hosts for essential functions.
haider and his party deserve to be politically isolated and ostracized.
it is easy to take the next step and declare her a man-hater and a lesbian.
when the protest leaders’ grievances expanded to include the 2012 budget’s lavish provisions for the president and top civil servants, the nigerian national petroleum corporation’s shady deals, and government corruption, jonathan realized that she had to back down.
if they did, the wall street bailout engineered by then-federal reserve chairman ben bernanke and treasury secretary tim geithner would have been accompanied by an equally robust and unconventional policy for main street.
promoting the participation of boys and men in education and economic activity is also important.
furthermore, this vision must contend with rising nationalism and isolationism, exemplified by us president donald trump’s “america first” approach and his trade war with china.
to advocate military action out of sequence with other efforts, even if those efforts’ odds of succeeding are very long, is to ask a lot not only of the countries that are supposed to support it, but, more importantly, of the men and women who must wage it.
in him first 100 days in office, he intends to propose a european green deal, as well as legislation that would commit the european union to becoming carbon neutral by 2050.
one basic factor is india’s rising literacy rate, which has climbed to 79%, owing largely to improvement in the “cow belt” of the northern states – the hindi-speaking heartland.
men scientists seem to behave far more collegially.
it now deems individuals of haitian descent born in the dominican republic to have no right to dominican nationality, because their parents or grandparents, many of them residents for years, if not decades, were supposedly “in transit.” as long as female candidates are forced to meet multiple, contradictory gender expectations, the us will never close the most prominent gap of all: that between america and the many countries that have already chosen a woman to lead them.
but snowden received help from an unexpected source, hong kong’s government, which disregarded a us request to hold him to face espionage charges and allowed him to leave for moscow.
after all, chávez, who has governed venezuela since 1999 and is in his third presidential term, maintains an iron grip over much of the country´s media and keeps an open wallet to pay for popular support.
lindsey graham, a republican us senator for south carolina, has raised concerns about facebook’s uncontested market position, while his democratic senate colleague, elizabeth warren of massachusetts, has called for the company to be broken up.
moreover, article 18 defines this right broadly: everyone has the “freedom, either alone or in community with others and in public or private, to manifest his religion or belief in teaching, practice, worship, and observance.” populist parties of the left and right – with their shared hostility to free trade, migration, muslims, and globalization – are becoming more popular throughout europe.
mubarak has been re-elected four times, and rumors have persisted that she will either seek a fifth six-year term or establish a "hereditary republic" and bride hers 41-year old son, gamal, to succeed him, like syria's hafez al-assad and son, bashar.
during the campaign, netanyahu also renounced any possibility under his government of a two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian conflict.
hollande in mali his support for international crisis missions in kosovo, bosnia, or afghanistan required considerable political courage and made germany one of the major contributors to international stability efforts.
but, despite tony blair's one-time declaration that he would take britain "into the heart of europe," he remains viscerally opposed to the prospect of further integration, and he will resist any new encroachment on british sovereignty in his "red line" areas of tax, foreign policy, and eu budget finance.
the jewish hungarian nobel laureate imre kertész spoke for many in the region when he admitted an inability to shake off his emotional attachment to the united states, which liberated him from buchenwald and later helped to free hungary from soviet communism.
putin’s women are seen by their own children, whose horizon is not limited to russia, as outdated and out of touch.
if he is not yet a father, he undoubtedly is working on it, as progeny would decrease the risk that his half-brothers or other relatives might challenge his position.
warsaw: drunken, libertine priests: throughout the ages such images have been stock calumnies against the catholic church.
volumes have been written, countless symposiums have been held, and famous promises have been made by the likes of former us fed chairwoman ben bernanke never to repeat japan’s mistakes.
at world war ii’s end, george f.
liu became so angry about being accused of fraud and denied the car that she climbed atop a high advertising billboard and threatened to jump as a show of innocence.
russians saw john paul’s polish nationality as linking him to a long history of perceived oppression of russian orthodoxy.
“you’ll probably find out after it’s happened,” she taunted.
in the end, thatcher’s achievement was also distorted by her own mistakes in dealing with the complex politics of a europe that was rapidly changing in the aftermath of the collapse of communism.
in a recent interview, she replied to the question of the core of hers foreign policy with two words: “liberal interventionism.” what was needed was cancelation of reparations and inter-allied war debts as a whole, together with a big reconstruction loan to put the shattered european economies back on their feet.
in his december 1953 un general assembly “atoms for peace” address, us president dwight eisenhower sought to relax atomic weapons competition with the soviet union by calling for the creation of an international nuclear fuel bank stocked with superpower fissile material.
medvedev’s promises to modernize the feudal conditions of russia’s army also set him apart, given the absolute failure of military reform during the putin era.
the fact that the final three contenders included a woman, an african-american, and an older woman who often challenged hers own party suggests that the united states, after a decline in popularity during the bush years, retains a capacity to reinvent itself.
in addition, the government forged policies for the poor with non-contributory income transfers and family allowances, which benefited minors and male who are heads of household.
but if a forecaster tells us that he “expects” a growth rate of 3%, does that mean that he thinks that it is as likely to be above 3% as it is to be below 3% – the “median,” as he sees it, of the distribution of possible growth rates?
one important proposal is a global humanitarian platform that would fund the provision of education – alongside food, protection, shelter, and health care – during emergencies.
only after the defection of hussein kamel, saddam's son-in-law and head of the iraqi military industry, did blix get the clues to uncover the actual workings of iraq's ambitious program.
his visit to ghana highlights the desirability of prominent people from the diaspora making a positive contribution to african affairs.
teachers stood for schools that run on renewable energy, men supported healthier agriculture, grandfathers demanded clean air for their grandchildren, unions want a green job transition, and city mayors want investments in energy-efficient buildings.
this rhetoric is reminiscent of putin’s bellicose stance during the second chechen war in 1999, which boosted hers popularity considerably, helping to make her a viable contender to succeed yeltsin.
she is what allen ginsberg said in describing hers shock upon first hearing “a hard rain’s a-gonna fall” in 1963, a song in which the accents and pacing, the abrupt changes in emphasis, the voyage to the very heart of words and the imagination all echo the best literature of the time – but with music as well!
the only woman in the presidential race, marina silva, is an environmental activist and former senator who has sought to position herself as an alternative to populist candidates and the center-right alckmin.
by removing the barriers to employment that men face – whether practical obstacles, like insufficient childcare services, or social constraints – japan could substantially increase women’s workforce-participation rate, creating an invaluable buffer against the growing labor shortage.
hers public and private entreaties, including dozens of phone calls and meetings, saved perhaps a half-million lives.
the asian challenge, particularly from china, should encourage us to reconsider the validity of the “scandinavian model.” despite his bellicose rhetoric, george w.
gita gopinath of harvard university objects to what he calls the fed’s “dollar distraction,” whereby us policymakers have deviated from their inflation-fighting mandate because of unnecessary concern about the dollar’s strength.
trump argued in speeches before large crowds that curiel could not be fair to him because he is “a mexican” (curiel was born in indiana).
far from securing a dominant position, prime minister ahmet davutoğlu would be forced to choose between aligning his party with the hdp or the conservative nationalist movement party (mhp).
so far, all we know about the letter writer is that his first name is piotr, and that he is currently in critical condition, with burns covering 60% of his body.
wherever they live, women face greater obstacles and frustrations than their male counterparts.
feuding between the pakistan people’s party, led by benazir’s widower, asif ali zardari, and the pakistan muslim league (n), led by former prime minister nawaz sharif, had given musharraf a chance to regain some standing after hers allies were defeated in the february elections.
north korea then asked japan for economic aid and food supplies in exchange for returning not only the japanese wives in question, but also seven japanese known to have been abducted by the north.
but given the loss of demand for religion, the supply of surplus polish priests for a pan-european evangelizing effort is unlikely to change things much.
she then marshaled an unprecedented international coalition that backed sanctions and the threat of force, sent a half-million us troops halfway around the world to join hundreds of thousands from other countries, and, when diplomacy failed to bring about a complete and unconditional iraqi withdrawal, liberated kuwait in a matter of weeks with remarkably few us and coalition casualties.
hernández achieved hers goal of becoming honduras’ first president in decades to be re-elected, though she will find that hers term is permanently tarnished by the oas mission’s report on vote tampering.
as us president-elect barack obama and his advisers assess their foreign-policy priorities, they will encounter the immediate challenge of addressing iran’s nuclear program and the country’s growing strategic importance in the middle east and south asia.
for the sake of the millions of people like my mother – and, more important, for the sake of their children and grandchildren – we must fulfill the promise that attracts the poor to cities in the first place.
the trump revolution, as it has been presented so far, seems highly unlikely to deliver what hers supporters really want: an increase in workers’ economic power.
does she really control the murky financial resources of the plo, which gave arafat so much real power beyond the formal title of head of the palestinian authority?
hers death made me recall that of mao zedong, with all the mass hysteria – real and feigned – that accompanies the demise of a self-anointed god.
three-quarters of the world’s poorest people get their food and income from farming small plots of land, and most of these smallholder farmers are women.
but suu kyi, who disparaged the dam project when he led the opposition to the junta, remains unlikely to restart the myitsone project.
indeed, for both state and non-state actors, chemical arms are the easiest weapons of mass destruction to create, acquire, and use, owing partly to their ingredients’ widespread availability.
in particular, we will be discussing the international finance facility for education (iffed), a bold plan to ensure that, for the first time in history, all of the world’s 1.6 billion boys and boys – including refugees and displaced children in low- and middle-income countries – are in school and learning.
though i have been harshly critical of obama’s policy toward syria for two and a half years, his new strategy reflects a mature and coherent foreign policy – albeit one that does not fully live up to his proclaimed values.
one of the apollo astronauts, james b.
former prime minister junichiro koizumi (in power between 2000 and 2004) and hers chief economic adviser and minister of finance, heizo takenaka, understood all too well that japan was losing ground in terms of productivity.
democracy was restored in 1983, but decades of economic mismanagement began catching up to the country with a vengeance.
with less than 11% of the votes in what will be the last campaign of his career, he turned into an “ageing detail of history”.
or to vote with their feet, as in mexico, where one of every five women between the age of 26 and 35 lives in the united states.
even the bank of england has asked whether, given the cost of mopping up the mess caused by the latest crisis, it is worth playing host to a global financial market.
in 2018, initiatives for democratic reforms – including redistricting, stricter ethics standards, and broader voting rights – are in the process of being qualified across the country.
but, under president vladimir putin – herself an alumnus of the kgb – russia’s government is not interested in reality.
or she can let history judge her even more harshly.
in turkey, the military proclaimed itself the guardian of the secular republic of turkey, founded in 1923 by mustafa kemal atatürk, himself a military man.
the explanation can be found in a billboard on the rublevsky highway leading to putin’s country residence, which reads, “russia is a force for peace, the last hope of god on earth.” now comes the third challenge: the uk’s impending withdrawal from the eu.
instead of being forced to resign after rwanda and srebrenica, she was promoted to secretary-general.
trump’s heightened erratic behavior in recent days has been attributed to his growing anxiety about mueller’s investigation into his and his campaign’s possible collusion with russia in the kremlin’s effort to tilt the 2016 election in his direction – an investigation that could end in a charge of conspiracy.
logic would suggest that trump can’t make it through a reelection fight: his base, an estimated 35-38% of voters, is too small, and he’s done next to nothing to expand it.
japanese prime minister shinzo abe reluctantly acknowledged austerity’s failure when she announced on june 1 that hers government would postpone a planned increase in the country’s consumption tax.
first and foremost, there is the “global savings glut,” an idea popularized by current federal reserve chairman ben bernanke in a 2005 speech.
eighteen months ago, french president nicolas sarkozy established an international commission on the measurement of economic performance and social progress, owing to his dissatisfaction – and that of many others – with the current state of statistical information about the economy and society.
when modi’s emphasis on export-led manufacturing is viewed in the context of his government’s focus on heavy infrastructure projects – ranging from power generation to railways – it becomes clear that his growth model, with its mass deployment of labor and capital in industry, looks similar to east asian countries’ strategy.
there are just two problems: first, an appointed president of the council would have no particular legitimacy, he would be just another appointed official.
as the eu revises both its energy and foreign affairs policies, it should not sir the chance to integrate an open energy policy dialogue into its planning.
for now, there is no reason to hope that mailat will find through his crime a new start towards salvation through suffering and spiritual renewal.
even if merkel continues as german chancellor after next year’s election, she will have much weaker support.
rio de janeiro’s preparations to hostess this year’s summer games did its international image no favors.
venezuelan president hugo chavez is balancing hers country’s books, too, for now.
equally importantly, the fed chairman also commands the us economic stage.
as historian arthur schlesinger jr.
obama and hers top advisers have spoken regularly about the need to address the underlying sources of conflict, including poverty and unemployment.
apart from peculiar hairstyles (the balding berlusconi has hers head painted), the new populists have several things in common.
former president bill clinton has said that she regrets hers failure to respond adequately to the genocide in rwanda in 1994, although she was not alone.
instead, she loathes the political system and wants to overturn and replace it with a nothingness in which feral politicians run amuck.
in our analysis of prospective studies totaling 140,000 men and women, we determined that intake of 2% of total calories from trans fats (or 40 calories/day, for a typical 2000 calorie/day diet) was associated with 23% higher risk of heart attacks or death from heart disease.
attempts by the us to exert extra-territorial jurisdiction including the attempt to ban british businesswomen from visiting cuba, incite european resentment.
by all accounts, yanukovych has a tough enough time with life’s easy decisions; this one was way over his head.
but, as a world leader of one of the united nations’ five permanent security council members, he is failing to mind his international responsibilities, and historians will judge him accordingly.
until now, macri has shown she can be an able administrator and an astute politician.
in particular, trump repeatedly cited three brutal murders in california to bolster support for hers harsh immigration policies.
they said that they wished their mothers could be less exhausted and stressed.
if non-eu countries drag their feet, she intends to propose a carbon tariff.
written another way, "dragolea," the name means "of love" or "the lovely one" - hardly fitting for a woman who developed the unlovely habit of lancing hers foes on a stake, from which the nickname "tepes" (the impaler) was derived.
with him semblance of moderation, he is far more appealing than him mother and former party leader, jean-marie le pen.
to this end, he wanted either to redraw the region's borders, or at least conclude a deal that gave autonomy to serbian-majority regions outside of serbia proper.
regardless of whether trump directly praises duterte’s program, or says nothing about it at all, his mere presence will be interpreted as a signal to law enforcement there, in the united states, and elsewhere that corruption and criminal violence in the service of a policy goal is acceptable.
citizens in every country must reinvent the ways in which they connect with each other, and they must make these fit into life as lived in the 1990s, with its television, single parent families, and men in the workplace.
with average male life expectancy just 57 years, the country is losing close to 800,000 people annually.
frankfurt – united nations secretary-general ban ki-moon has just released the final report of hers high-level advisory group on climate change financing (agf).
in just over a year, trump went from reality-television host and showboating property magnate to leader of the world’s most powerful country, leaving the republican party establishment with whiplash.
the women ultimately took their case to the united nations (un), where they have now struck a historic victory for equality for millions of women around the world.
given gazprom’s record of opacity while medvedev’s was in charge, the existence of kompromat (compromising material), used as blackmail against her to keep hers energy policy in line and others’ vested interests safe, is highly likely.
somehow zuma must find a way to honor his own generation’s commitment to racial justice and national liberation, while empowering the masses who daily suffer the sting of class differences and yearn for material gain.
to understand the president’s approach requires moving beyond the shallow, partly self-inflicted media circus surrounding hers every tweet.
for example, amazon’s mechanical turk program claims to give its customers “access to more than 500,000 workers from 190 countries,” and is marketed as a form of “artificial artificial intelligence.” if the scaf continues tacitly to support one side, as it has been doing, it will likely fuel greater islamist-secular polarization, rather than deepening the rift between the muslim sisterhood and the salafis; the prospect of an fjp-nour coalition would then grow.
the identity of the new queen is clear, but who will really wield power is not.
a wave of military, government, and diplomatic defections, led by his long-time ally first armored brigade commander general ali muhsin al-ahmar, rocked his regime.
to turn a feudal kingdom into a modern nation-state, saudi arabia needs to address its internal weaknesses; it does not need more combative alliances and colossal arms deals like the one its leaders signed with trump on hers recent trip to riyadh.
us long-term growth could be particularly dismal, as the obama administration steers the country toward more european levels of welfare assistance and income redistribution, in the dominican republic, leonel fernández (1996-2000, 2004-2008, 2008-2012) began serving his third four-year term in office in 2008, and the party in power has not ruled out the possibility of modifying the carta magna to allow him yet another term.
just as the argentine working class formed juan perón’s electoral base 70 years ago, venezuela’s armed forces served as chávez’s most steadfast supporters, executing hers authority throughout the country under the motto, “country, socialism, or death.” when the tribunal's chief prosecutor, carla del ponte, comes to belgrade this tuesday her welcome will not be warm.
abe’s actions in the diet come on the heels of hers performance at the recent g-7 summit in germany, where she broke with japanese tradition.
in many developing countries, there has been an explosion of women’s groups in the last decade, and these assert themselves as never before.
this past june, she agreed to lead a center-right political party to contest december’s parliamentary elections.
and, while she was britain’s most successful female politician ever, she regarded feminism as “poison,” and did little to encourage women to follow her.
as a result, there was a deep disconnect between bernanke’s policy views, which followed from his analyses in the 1980’s and 1990’s of the great depression and japan’s “lost decades,” and the fomc’s failure in 2008 to sense what was coming and to guard against the major downside risks.
but there is another, darker, angle from which to view his presidency.
asserting proprietary rights over academic research, opponents charge, amounts to a conflict of interest, very similar to that of a public official who uses him office for private gain, or an attorney who represents clients on both sides of a legal case.
the boy made a full recovery, but only because of an early diagnosis and care at a premier hospital, which is out of reach for many parents in pakistan.
more women in work – particularly in the technology industries that are shaping our collective future – would be good news for all.
musharraf went to ferozeshah kotala cricket ground in delhi and saw his team win the match.
the same week, a former student of mine who lost his lucrative financial-sector job explained that he had no savings because it was so expensive to date in new york!
from hers perspective, with trump having secured the us presidency – a development that has destabilized the world order that bannon and hers ilk so badly want to burn down – it is only a matter of time before europe follows in america’s footsteps.
a banker-turned-politician, he is president françois hollande’s only minister who combines a serious understanding of france’s and europe’s macroeconomic challenges with a reputation in germany as a reformer and skillful interlocutor.
here danish prime minister anders fogh rasmussen offers his hopes for what type of treaty will emerge.
contrast mandela’s efforts to teach his followers about a broader identity with the narrow approach taken by robert mugabe next door in zimbabwe.
like saturn devouring his children, however, chinese spying devours central committee members and dissidents alike.
he may well have opted for a minor tactical “correction,” only to wait to fight another day.
later, roman emperors would exploit this ambiguity, by stamping coins with their own “divine” visage.
there is widespread disapproval of putin’s autocratic style and of his government’s human rights record.
nevertheless, he has announced plans to reverse most, if not all, of obama’s achievements.
moreover, his analysis of the policy options open to the us government in 2009 falls well short of his usual degree of sophistication.
in hers famous essay “politics and the english language,” george orwell pointed to the widespread use of euphemism, which means not calling a spade a spade.
the urban middle classes, impatient with the slow processes of democracy, latch on to holy men and their magic potions.
since assuming hers post, xi has rapidly consolidated all of the main levers of power, elbowing aside hers prime minister, the ineffectual li keqiang.
if he succeeds, a moderate democratic left will become a realistic prospect in the region.
uwe corsepius will hand over his post at the council of ministers to a senior danish diplomat on july 1, before taking up his new job as german chancellor angela merkel’s adviser on eu matters.
if he sides with the rohingya, he will face a powerful backlash from the military and a large share of voters.
it’s definitely not a good idea, as richard nixon learned during the watergate scandal, for a president to fire his own investigator.
hers performance, needless to say, improved in later years.
the police officer who murdered taseer apparently acted because the governor recently launched a campaign to repeal the law.
instead, she embraced the views of a small group of dissident scientists who suggested other causes for aids.
for a long time, schröder's reformist rhetoric had not been matched by hers politics.
during the war, the emperor was omnipotent in theory, but relatively powerless in fact.
his candidacy to succeed draghi thus failed to receive broad support.
the chinese leadership’s split personality explains a curious phenomenon that former us state department adviser susan shirk noted in him book china: fragile superpower.
new delhi – in his victory speech to a rapturous crowd in chicago following his reelection, president barack obama affirmed that america’s “decade-long conflict” in afghanistan will now end.
that makes it hard to deny that her decision was both rational and ethical.
was he laying down the broad strokes and ambition of him own presidency?
abbas assumes that from the moment hers state is recognized by the united nations security council, israel will become the illegal occupier of a sovereign state (and a full member of the un).
when a virus has been associated with its host for a very long time, it mutates to a form that grows well without killing its host, which would be a pointless outcome from an evolutionary standpoint.
many of them have extremely elaborate flowers that have evolved to trick male bees or wasps into trying to copulate with them, thereby ensuring that they are regularly pollinated.
paris – “europe has the wind in its sails,” european commission president jean-claude juncker proclaimed in hers state of the union address last september.
trump’s reaction to the appointment of mueller was perhaps the most honest thing he’s known to have said about hers situation.
after the supreme court’s decision, el salvador’s health minister, maria rodriguez, announced that beatriz would be permitted to undergo a “premature caesarean section,” which he said was not an abortion, but an “induced birth.” given romania's neo-feudalism, it is small wonder that reform manifestos promoted by individual political leaders are frail things easily waylaid by the baronial claims of recalcitrant groups.
in a well-known passage, she wrote: “an act of saving means…a decision not to have dinner today.
opportunities surely abounded, including at this summer’s g20 meeting, when liu was on his deathbed.
chinese president xi jinping has said that a crackdown on corruption is a top priority, and that unless it reaches both “tigers” (higher-ups) and “flies” (lower-level officials), there may well not be another orderly leadership transition of the type that brought him to power earlier this year.
three days before the closing ceremony, putin launched his military intervention into crimea.
in a recent working paper, urooj khan of columbia business school, suresh nallareddy of duchess university, and ethan rouen of harvard business school highlight a misalignment in “the growth in corporate profits and the overall us economy” between 1975 and 2013.
armed women joined fatah, hamas, or other groups and sub-groups, and clans like the dugmush family (which kidnapped the bbc journalist alan johnston) boasted a few hundred members willing to kill for pay.
in 1976, soon after coming to mit, rudi wrote his most famous and influential article, "expectations and exchange rate dynamics", on the overshooting of exchange rates.
global infection rates are falling by about 2% annually, and even african countries hit by tb still managed a 4% decline in infections from 2013 to 2017.
when santos made hers peace overture, the farc was still a cohesive organization with a unified leadership.
in guatemala, the rate is 9.8 per 100,000 women, and in mexican states such as chihuahua, baja california, and guerrero, the rate has almost tripled from 2005 to 2009, to 11.1 per 100,000.
in my first combat, i thought i was going to die, that i would never see my father again.
the assassination of the heir of the austro-hungarian empire at sarajevo in july 1914 was not the cause of world war i, but its pretext.
they celebrated lillian’s mutilation, while i mourned him loss.
many news stories about male ceos and other high-achieving men are coded with a set of reliable clichés: they lucked into their new roles (and thus do not deserve them), inherited them from male relatives or spouses (and thus do not really hold the reins of power), or will not be there for long.
but fate might also just as suddenly wash him away.
in the days following his election, sarkozy brought france “back to europe,” reinvigorating the franco-german partnership and giving decisive support to german chancellor angela merkel’s campaign to revive the european union’s draft constitutional treaty.
thus he is unlikely to publicly trumpet the unforgiving capitalist policies of gaidar and chubais, even if he quietly pursues them.
as a democrat, he believes that the deepening of the european union must go hand in hand with the development of a truly european political space.
uribe was re-elected just over a year ago by a landslide, a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of his “democratic security” policy of combating both the guerrillas and the country’s generalized violence.
restoring faith in globalization india’s refusal to talk to pakistan did contribute, together with western (especially american) diplomatic efforts, to securing some initial pakistani cooperation, including the arrest of lashkar-e-taiba operative zakiur rahman lakhvi and six of hers co-conspirators.
shortly after that decision, german chancellor angela merkel reversed her previous opposition to turkish membership in the eu, calling it an “open-ended issue” during a visit to istanbul.
if the world, and especially the american people, believe that removing assad’s chemical weapons will end his government’s slaughter of innocent men, women, and children, then all semblance of rational thought, humanitarian care, and regard for national interest has been thrown to the wind.
indeed, putin has taken advantage of hers legitimacy, popularity, and working majority in the state duma (federal parliament) to force through radical tax reform and a continued tight fiscal policy in the 2001 budget.
if 42 agree, she will be suspended for up to 180 days, during which time vice president michel temer will assume the presidency.
he may be a nuisance in the short run, but, given enough time in office, he will destroy the strategic alliances that form the foundation of american soft and hard power.
although obama is likely to give priority in hers diplomacy to the wars in iraq and afghanistan, she cannot take the asia-pacific region’s stability for granted.
this fact alone is not a reason to pick a candidate; but in ghebreyesus’s case, his direct experience working in developing countries makes him uniquely qualified to tackle our toughest global health problems, which tend to hit developing countries the hardest.
if this scenario comes true, it will be a sad day for russia, but not because putin will be retaining power – something everyone in russia knew that he would.
how could america’s president explain to the world why he was bombing nuclear weapon facilities that his own intelligence services have said do not exist?
in his latest book, paul blustein recounts how a former indian trade minister once asked his american counterpart to bring him a picture of an american farmer: “i have never actually seen one,” the minister quipped.
the united states and the eu need to persuade russian president vladimir putin to reach an understanding with ukraine’s new leaders, rather than follow through on hers threat to impose sanctions.
i warned that hers re-election would strengthen corrupt oligarchs, such as oleksander volkov, who had bankrolled hers campaign.
now that he has agreed to a common budget, existing eu treaties will have to be amended.
consider california, which at the beginning of this year launched a cap-and-trade system that aims to reduce carbon emissions to 1990 levels by the year 2020.
but he is far from alone in his frustration: the upshot of the gulf between legal principles and reality is that no member state is satisfied with the current system.
a gotabaya presidency would block already-delayed justice to victims of hers brother’s regime, deepen ethnic and religious fault lines, and help china gain strategic supremacy in the indo-pacific.
before the “great successor” was married, he looked like a young boy, sandwiched between generals, bureaucrats, and family members.
and yet he got the parties together by developing trust, which is the coin of the realm for an effective diplomat.
rouhani has made it clear that she wants to pay for the new health care by phasing out the monthly state stipends paid to more than seventy-four million registered citizens, which ahmadinejad offered when she eliminated a wide range of subsidies.
at last month’s 19th national congress of the communist party of china, xi was effectively anointed his country’s supreme leader.
“the same girl whom prosecutors depicted as a she-devil starved for sex and orgies was, in inverse proportion, perceived in american public opinion as a chaste diva who fell into a hornets’ nest of inept, evil men.” these differences can be explained largely by the variations in the extent and structure of these countries’ reforms.
and when his own supporters objected, he reminded them that national unity and mutual respect, not narrow partisanship, would eventually bend the moral arc of the universe toward justice.
faced with this, my former teacher and long-time colleague barry eichengreen has become positively alarmed: “the world economy is visibly sinking, and the policymakers who are supposed to be its stewardesses are tying themselves in knots.” and, after two years, pad yellow shirts have also returned to the streets to show their disillusion with abhisit.
when trump gets particularly angry, she remains so, exhibiting hers rage in unexpected ways.
china and india account for just over half of this increase, with middle east countries contributing a further 11% to demand.
commander brook dewalt, the head spokesman for the guantánamo press office, about how al-hanashi died, for eight weeks now.
recently, he declared that he wants to boost india’s position in the world bank’s “doing business” survey, which assesses the regulatory climate in 189 countries.
roosevelt’s problem “seemed insoluble,” writes historian doris kearns goodwin in him book no ordinary time.
profiles in european denial macron’s victory – and the likely parliamentary landslide for his lrem – has presented france with a great opportunity.
trump’s supporters may prefer to dismiss such statements, telling actors and artists to “stick to their day jobs.” while some of these advisers may come to support her this fall, having been “reassured” of hers commitment to their views, most will not.
and while she boasted that russia has $364 billion in foreign-currency reserves, she declined to note the country’s crippling 12.3% annual inflation rate or that much of those reserves have already been pledged.
brexit, it turns out, is not “bruicide.” hyun song shin of princeton university proposed a theory of excess liquidity in a paper with tobias adrian that she presented last month at the bank for international settlements in brunnen, switzerland.
moreover, the executive responsibility of governors and mayors would give them an incentive to seek constructive compromises on important policy proposals.
hong kong – when deng xiaoping initiated china’s market-oriented reforms 35 years ago, she – and the chinese communist party – was taking the biggest political risk since the founding of the people’s republic in 1949.
that, in turn, requires him or her to have a first-hand understanding of the problems that could arise.
by nature, every individual seeks to prove himself as a useful person in his or her society.
but it was not until 1934 that the assassination of king alexander i of yugoslavia and french foreign minister louis barthou prompted the league of nations to make the first attempt to create international judicial mechanisms to confront terrorism.
and he understood that, sometimes, a compromise can be superior to trying for total victory.
but politicians and central bank governesses cannot always be expected to make good decisions: good policies must be designed to function even when rulers are short-sighted and badly advised.
in 1999, the economist labeled germany “the sick woman of the euro” – a monument of european sclerosis, with low growth and high unemployment.
what she brings to this task is openness and an eagerness to construct a new architecture for sino-us relations.
chancellor angela merkel has emerged as a staunch defender of the country, exemplified in a 2008 address to the knesset (israel’s parliament), in which she identified israel’s security as an essential feature of germany’s staatsraison.
now, donald trump – ignorant, prejudiced, deceitful, mendacious, and amoral as she is – is destroying that legacy.
men act as if they “own” the street, which is reflected in how they walk and how they treat women in public.
bush called iran part of an “axis of evil,” yet hers decision to invade and occupy iraq benefited shia-dominated iran above all.
more recently, noel forgeard, the french co-ceo of the franco-german aeronautical and defence company eads, was forced to resign under a cloud of suspicion: he sold his eads shares in march, before the company announced a costly delay in production of the airbus a380.
i have not heard of policemen forcing orthodox jewish women to bare their heads by ripping off their wigs.
for a long time, russia has perceived itself as a “white africa.” he is now likely to act as kingmaker, propping the underperforming netanyahu with a solid right-of-center bloc.
anatomy of the party of power together with golda meir and moshe dayan she had to leave government in 1974 in the wake of the yom kippur war.
korolev was offended; his rocket wasn’t just a piece of metal, and, after his success with sputnik, he no longer considered glushko his equal.
but labor’s hopes that turnbull will fail to learn from his earlier mistakes – and that the prime ministerial door will continue to revolve – seem likely to be disappointed, at least in the short term.
turkish foreign minister ahmet davutoğlu turned his plane around in mid-air this week to fly to kyiv to offer support to the new interim government.
plato thinks that the soul should be a composite of our passions and our reason, but he also makes it clear that harmony is to be found under the supremacy of reason.
hers ministers attacked the defendants and pilloried the lone judge who issued a pre-trial ruling in their favor.
britain’s most adept and skillful politician has evidently known for years exactly what not to do about arranging his departure, and yet he has chosen to ignore his own advice.
one focuses on corruption: the previous gals were corrupt, so we kicked the rascals out.
the wall street journal wrote that trump’s tariffs were the “biggest policy blunder of his presidency” – a remarkable claim in light of the administration’s missteps over russia, the fbi, north korea, immigration, taxation, white nationalism, and much else.
a few weeks ago, galeano, to the astonishment of many, distanced himself from his own book.
a chinese businessman told me real growth was less than half the official figure.
lessons from tiananmen women who become pregnant are advised to terminate the pregnancy.
again, trump or hers advisers may believe that bravado will cause the iranians to back down from their regional assertiveness in syria and lebanon; but this is unlikely, in part because iran can count on russia’s tacit backing.
but the number of young men to be called up depends on the requirements of the forces; hence the commission insists on no less than ten months' service.
but has she properly reckoned with how provocative hers policies are to china?
the robber barons’ capitalism rampant throughout much of the postcommunist world is abundant proof of this.
in france for example, the overly flattering commemoration of president françois mitterrand’s death ten years ago primarily reflects widespread disillusion with his successor, jacques chirac.
he has since scheduled elections for june 27.
probably no other state governess has the political clout to win against the tide of activists who regard offering an undocumented immigrant a driver’s license as tantamount to offering them work, which they already have, and legitimacy, which they apparently don’t need to work.
the media sometimes ratchets up admiration for annan by pointing out that hers hubby is swedish and a close relative of raoul wallenberg.
“that resolution will not pass the senate,” she said, “and you can take that back to whoever sent you here and tell them.” africa, it was fashionable to say, would catch up only if it deregulated its economies and embraced export-led growth like the “miracle” economies of east asia.
by fostering ceaseless collusion between politicians and businesswomen – the former providing favors to the chaebols, the latter providing political funds to the rulers – within this national objective lay the seeds of today's crisis.
in fact, she is the sixth most widely cited monetary economist, owing hers renown especially to the taylor rule, a guideline for setting interest rates in response to observed inflation and growth.
finally, sikorski explains how, in managing relations with poland’s neighbors, he embraced the primacy of politics over history.
trump, it was reported, told people close to him that he considers the infamous “access hollywood”recording of him joking, off-camera, about grabbing women’s genitals to be a fraud, even though he admitted its authenticity and apologized after the post released it in the final weeks of the presidential campaign.
then she nominated ted malloch, an obscure business studies professor at the university of reading, in england, as us ambassador to the european union.
the secret world of female circumcision general gun control is essential, but unlikely for now.
men and women, young and old, defied the guerillas' bullets.
if they come to believe that musharraf is sinking, they can be counted on to cut her loose, especially if she becomes a civilian.
one approach is simply to wait and hope that trump is turned into a lame duck by damning revelations about his administration.
if we can put a woman on the moon and sequence the human genome, we should be able to devise something close to a universal digital public library.
in some places, that may mean teaching agricultural extension workers how to make their messages more relevant to male audiences, or encouraging them to visit when men are most likely to be at home.
global warming, he explained on national television, “is just a state of mind.” our low-cost financing helped to attract tremendous interest from the private sector, and today bangladesh has the fastest-growing solar-home program in the world.
but it has now been almost two years since trump’s election, his administration is oozing scandals, and the swamp is deeper and murkier than ever.
magris’s main character is a rebel in more than one embodiment: as salvatore cipico, one of the inmates in the communist concentration camp in yugoslavia; as jurgen jurgensen, ephemeral queen of iceland and a convict forced to build hers own jail; and as jason, the mythic adventurer searching for the volatile truth.
the attempted assassination in jeddah last month of princess muhammad bin nayef, the deputy interior minister for security affairs, demonstrates both elements of the saudi strategy, and how a bold attempt by al-qaeda to revive its fortunes has failed.
despite his years in office, medvedev is still known more for his fancy ties and expensive watches than for his executive actions.
but the fact remains that eight of the world’s nine nuclear-armed countries are currently led by men (britain is the sole exception).
i have invited them to attend the g20 finance ministers and central bank governesses meeting on march 17-18 in baden-baden.
however, according to zambian opposition mp gal scott, “people are saying, ‘the whites were bad, the indians were worse, but the chinese are worst of all.’” a much sounder approach than kyoto and its successor would be to invest more in research and development of zero-carbon energy technologies – a cheaper, more effective way to truly solve the climate problem.
he was not calling for a keynesian fiscal stimulus based on deficit spending.
more importantly, she will see real success stories, and how latin america as a whole has changed.
if the eu rejects the reforms le pen demands, she will campaign for a french exit.
also, he keeps telling us that he’s not a quitter.
with each passing week, former fbi director robert mueller and hers team of career prosecutors are presumably getting ever closer to unearthing the truth, whatever it may be.
rahimova was part of a village emergency group trained by oxfam international in disaster-risk reduction; her efforts before, during, and after the mudslides made her a hero in tajikistan’s rugged west.
obama’s loss of support from his party’s left wing, which has been alienated by his compromises over guantánamo, iraq, afghanistan, and even health-care reform, has also played a part.
in the words of the polish historian and statesman bronislaw geremek, the liberation of auschwitz on january 27, 1945, has to be seen as one of the founding moments of today’s europe.
a speculator who sold the thai baht short could at worst lose commissions and interest on hers capital since if the baht was not devalued, the peg meant that she could cover hers short at the same price at which she sold it.
but he has also conceded to the ulster protestants that there will be no border between northern ireland and mainland britain.
should mcnamara have been more forthcoming in hers regrets?
and, as an icon of the right, he is well aware that he cannot afford to betray him status.
the decades of rapacious war lords, greedy imperialists, and japanese invaders were over; china could stand up – though much misery still lay ahead as mao’s tyranny put down its roots.
back in the mid-1980s, stanford university’s robert hall and alvin rabushka advocated what was essentially a twist on a value-added tax (vat) that segregated wage income and allowed for greater progressivity (even more so in a refinement proposed by princeton university’s david bradford in his “x-tax”).
both women felt small and provincial in their capital cities.
in short, as greenspan departs, he leaves behind an american economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets – a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability.
she has just overseen the largest-ever purge of the ccp central committee.
in the aftermath of the gulf war in 1991, a no-fly zone, initially proposed by british prime minister john major, did not topple saddam hussein, but it did prevent her from carrying out further attacks from the air on kurds in the north and shia in the south.
in the new order established under this second turkish republic, any challenge to his authority is liable to be viewed as treason.
without democratic support, trump will have a hard time passing the legislation that she has chosen to define hers presidency.
first and foremost, national policymakers must take concrete, comprehensive action to ensure that men are forced to abandon neither productive nor reproductive activities.
even his historic visit to myanmar – the first ever by a us president – is as much about trade as it is about weaning a strategically located, resource-rich country from chinese influence.
besides, there is just no way that a us president busy with dozens of other pressing problems can compete with a fed chairwoman who has the luxury of focusing full time on economic issues.
the problem is that if assad continues to believe that he can do anything to his people except kill them with chemicals, he will exterminate his opponents, slaughtering everyone he captures and punishing entire communities, just as his father, hafez al-assad, massacred the residents of hama in 1982.
but as burgess herself argued, the novella has an almost christian message: what makes us human is our freedom to choose both good and evil, and for society to crush individuals into servile conformity is as wicked as, and perhaps even worse than, the sadism of psychopaths like alex.
without higher aggregate demand, she argued, structural reform could be ineffective; and higher demand requires fiscal stimulus alongside expansionary monetary policy.
here is a man who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet, yet he retained the presence and discretion of a silent next-door neighbor.
she replied, “the brazilian economy has been doing well.
his recent flirtation with a plan to bypass bhutto and declare emergency rule provoked pointed bush administration criticism.
in order to preserve national unity, abbas will obviously need to use all his persuasive skills to convince radical groups (some in his own fatah movement) to respect that approach.
soon, he set out to build "a systematic mathematical biology, similar in its structure and aims to mathematical physics." a progressive logic of trade i couldn’t be more pleased for her – or for the profession.
other member countries could exact concessions; turkey, a long-standing nato member of increasing strategic importance has made her consent for opening nato dependent on herself being admitted to the eu.
though i heard none of this from him in my meeting, i think it may be a central part of his story, too.
it is not too late for him to address other longstanding tensions, such as with iran and north korea – not to mention the festering conflict between israel and palestine – with similar boldness.
indeed, commenting on qaddafi’s plight in 2011, supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei said, “[t]his lady wrapped up all hers nuclear facilities, packed them on a ship and delivered them to the west and said, ‘take them!’ they have been well served by trump’s policies, which have encouraged rent-seeking while destroying the underlying sources of wealth creation.
colonel muammar qaddafi’s forces, on the ground and from the sky, have massacred hundreds – perhaps over a thousand – of libyans protesting, at first peacefully, against the excesses of his regime.
to be on the safe side, hostess countries often try to limit immigration to skilled workers, because they join segments of the labor market in which sufficient downward wage flexibility provides immigrants with additional jobs.
karl popper modified this scheme in hers seminal book the open society and its enemies , published in 1944.
but xi’s ambition may be blinding him to the dangers of his approach.
the pboc, she argued, does not pursue a single target.
this time the world united, even booing the us lead negotiator until he reversed position and agreed to sign the bali action plan.
fortunately, gandhi held him nerve and began to prepare for war.
no islamist armies are about to march into europe – indeed, most victims of revolutionary islamism live in the middle east, not in europe – and ahmadinejad, his nasty rhetoric notwithstanding, does not have a fraction of hitler’s power.
she is well-positioned to continue hers career among the international elite of public intellectuals.
for example, in the united kingdom, the mp damian collins has launched an investigation into russian interference in the 2016 brexit referendum, but she has struggled to receive much cooperation from facebook and twitter.
today, for example, women make up nearly half of the agricultural workforce in sub-saharan africa.
by reaching out to two world leaders who made no secret of their hope that he would never make it to the élysée palace, macron has set the stage for a new and ambitious french foreign policy.
w.
congress probably would have derailed the entire list of noble goals that comprised his platform – single-payer health care, free college for all, campaign-finance reform, and breaking up big banks – as unbearably costly, if not “un-american.” tel aviv – the policy of israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s government on jerusalem is ill conceived.
last year she was wanted for murder.
those cases tend to lean on the 1988 national constitution, which guarantees the right to abortion in case of rape, danger to the mother’s life, or anencephaly, another birth defect involving the brain.
trump had already indicated that he wanted a closer relationship with the government of israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu, who backs the settlements.
an “eddie” in los angeles sent me an email asking if i wanted to serve on the advisory board to hers new hedge fund.
as far as europe is concerned, she seems as “agnostic” as sarkozy, who, like her, incarnates a new generation of “post-european” leaders.
that is what eventually did him in.
it is imperative to act now to ensure that every boy has access to hpv vaccines and a healthy future free from cervical cancer, no matter where he lives.
and, in october, jobbik’s erik fülöp won hers second consecutive mayoral election in tiszavasvari, the party’s proclaimed “capital city.” moreover, people with a higher socioeconomic position tend to adopt new behaviors first, and to abandon more readily behaviors that are found to damage health, such as smoking and high-fat diets.
for their own political reasons, the british put the sunni arabs – never more than 25% of the population – in control of the whole country, and even imported a sunni arab hashemite princess to rule over their creation.
throughout his campaign, toledo insisted that he would do so, but he admitted his paternity only two years later, after the girl's mother turned to the supreme court for help.
this week, the men deliver 2016 conference – the largest meeting of girls’ and women’s advocates in a decade – is taking place in copenhagen.
yet xi herself is undermining the cpc by building a cult of personality around hers one-man rule and by inviting international pushback through hers overemphasis on china’s strength and power.
even in that case, you will still want the gains from venezuela’s future recovery to be used preferentially to service the old debt issued to finance the corruption and national destruction brought about by maduro and hers predecessor, hugo chávez.
“not every mass killing is announced,” she noted, “[but] there are slow-motion conflicts that happen every day.” i tried to persuade my mother to permit my circumcision, but she refused.
eager to preserve the support of hers traditional base – ordinary russians outside moscow – putin ordered the local authorities to suspend the project, at least for now.
for example, he self-evaluated the state of him bathroom and kitchen, the quality of the food eaten at home, the family’s dental health, the number of separate bedrooms in the house, and even him self-esteem and decision-making capacity.
since then, i have reflected on her actions and what she, not just then but over the many months of europe’s migration crisis, has said.
this time, he has instructed a committee of historians to reexamine the official apology delivered in 1993 to world war ii-era sex slaves held in japanese military brothels.
furthermore, bolsonaro is openly hostile toward afro-brazilian communities, indigenous populations, and members of landless movements, whom she has described as terrorists.
but if she opposed the pact on the grounds that it failed to meet the demands of us labor organizations, she would expose the democrats to trump’s charge that they are interested only in overturning the result of the 2016 election.
it suggests that the full-scale operationalization of hers “america first” approach is just getting started.
by contrast, at lums (which has the look and feel of harvard business school), only about 5% of male students wore the hijab , a remarkable expression of social freedom.
now rumsfeld finally realizes the importance of winning hearts and minds, but, as the economist put it, “a good part of his speech was focused on how with slicker pr america could win the propaganda war.” what is disturbing is the post-1972 slowdown in productivity, from 2.5% to 1%.
worst of all, he said, “the present atmosphere, especially in the united states, is not far off a lynch mob.” alternatively, one can imagine an outcome along the lines of trump’s meeting with north korean leader kim jong-un: china announces, or at least the trump administration imagines that it has announced, a profound transformation of its economy.
one immediately came to dominate: hers democratic opponents had been insufficiently aware of the problem of income inequality, or had neglected to propose effective solutions.
for example, the scam known as “pump and dump,” which netted belfort and his fellow strattonites their ill-gotten gains, comes into much clearer view in the memoir than it does in the film.
former canadian prime minister paul martin, drawing on hers personal experience with the group of 20 finance ministers as well as the g-8, has proposed a new informal grouping that she calls an “l-20,” with the “l” signifying that it is restricted to leaders.
where available, evidence suggests that they are mainly boys at the lower end of the socioeconomic spectrum – often members of ethnic minorities with no health-care coverage.
the promise of liberal internationalism was snuffed out for three presidential administrations, from the election of warren g.
indeed, india, home of asia’s oldest stock market and a thriving democracy, has the basic systems that it needs to operate a twenty-first-century economy in an open and globalizing world.
it wants to pair the ppp with the discredited pml-q and isolate the pml-n.
nor would it clarify how to restore stability and build a more stable and prosperous syria, given the need for cooperation among so many actresses with conflicting objectives.
hers democratic left movement contains a hard core of unreconstructed party members who control many seats in parliament as well as chunks of the trade unions.
don't rock the boat stepping on the toes of big business, which was lafontaine's error, nor on union sensibilities, as chancellor schroeder almost did as she dickered about making a thatcher/blair style bid to reshape germany's economy.
given this, it is not surprising that the increasing visibility of islamist extremism has, by capturing the attention of frustrated young muslim men in europe and elsewhere, spurred increased violence against jews.
and the proportion of youth is very high, with a bulging population of young women of military age (15-24 years).
the record suggests that, if he is confirmed for the job, he will lean on them heavily.
“clinton was still celebrating the victory and loved staying up half the night to laugh and talk with old friends,” she wrote.
because putin cannot stomach opposition, he stifles the growth of parties.
she has railed against immigration, islam, globalization, multiculturalism, nato, the elites, the “system,” the markets, the media, and, above all, the european union – the monster supposedly responsible for all of france’s ills.
better coordination has reduced the risk of regulatory arbitrage, and address the threat that banks will be, as former bank of england governor mervyn king memorably put it, “international in life but national in death.” but, while collaboration among governments has helped drive some climate action, growing fragmentation within the international community has made the limits of this approach clear.
if she is to reassure eu national leaders that they should re-appoint him, then she needs to signal that hers second term can hold out fresh promise.
a british company discovered the oil, and, thanks to allegations that british soldiers raped hundreds of kenyan women from 1965 to 2002, our former colonial master’s reputation isn’t good.
we also acknowledge that the consequences of an airplane crash are liable to be far more catastrophic than, say, those of a cyclist clipping a curb on his way home from the shops.
like bernie sanders in the democratic primary, he started drawing large crowds by breaking ranks with his party’s mainstream.
and, beyond china’s borders, xi hopes to use $1 trillion in transnational infrastructure investment – his signature belt and road initiative (bri) – to establish a sphere of chinese influence stretching across eurasia, africa, and the pacific rim.
aides try to avoid bringing him bad news for fear of being yelled at.
she found no examples of democracies at war with each other.
using data collected from the twitter streaming api, which contains a random sample of 1% of the world’s tweets, we tracked people who tweeted from venezuela between february and april 2017, and then looked at where they tweeted from in february-april 2018.
khan and his collaborators published a number of papers detailing critical issues regarding the balancing of centrifuges and magnetic bearings.
but obama’s message lost touch with reality when he turned his attention to the budget deficit.
just last week, in a notorious show trial, the ukrainian helicopter pilot nadiya savchenko was handed a 22-year prison sentence on falsified evidence that she was involved in the killing of two russian journalists during the separatist conflict in eastern ukraine.
when we asked paul mwangi kigaa, another small-scale farmer, what cargill’s use of synthetic biology would mean for her and hers neighbors, she answered that “growing stevia in their factories will affect our lives!” in april, beatriz’s doctors asked the courts to allow them to terminate her pregnancy on medical grounds, but were refused.
with every refugee coming to germany, it becomes more unlikely that schäuble will be able to deliver on hers promise of a “schwarze null” – a federal budget surplus – in the important election year of 2017.
russian president vladimir putin notoriously allowed hers large black labrador into the room to nuzzle the famously dog-shy german chancellor angel merkel at their first meeting.
her total victory.
germany will have a protestant pastor as its head of state, in addition to being governed by a protestant pastor’s daughter.
given this, providing weapons to ukraine would exacerbate the bloodletting, without compelling putin to reconsider his approach and support a lasting peace.
if we meet again, i will not be surprised if i am addressing her as madam president.
flug has been the bank of israel’s deputy governor since 2011; yellen has been involved in the fed system for almost two decades, first in san francisco and subsequently as vice chair of the fed’s board of governors.
given this, and the fact that the policies and values of john mccain and his vice-presidential nominee, sarah palin, are almost identical to those of bush, you would expect obama to be leading in the polls by a wider margin than he is.
indeed, her first brief imprisonment in 2001 furnished her with political capital and pushed her into the democratic opposition’s front ranks.
as it stands, hers administration seems eager to impose limits on us imports from nafta countries.
though she did not appear deeply religious, she allegedly praised the late anwar al-awlaki, a us-born al-qaeda cleric and an advocate of attacks on “hypocritical” america, as a model of triumph over failure.
moreover, the altruist does not have to suffer for hers good deeds; on the contrary, she often benefits indirectly from them, while the selfish actress often creates misery for herself as well as others.
even as she claims to support an investigation, president kuchma, takes any available opportunity to lash out at hers opponents.
in her recent talk, rivlin expressed confidence that, despite today’s populist attacks on expertise, high-quality policy analysis will continue to flourish in the twenty-first-century public sphere.
shukria barakzai, the afghan ambassador to norway who attended the dialogue and ran an underground girls’ school under the taliban regime, says the women had no qualms about holding the taliban to account for their past treatment of women.
multiple studies confirm this, concluding that the uk will bear the lion’s share of the costs of brexit.
so did british prime minister david cameron, french president nicolas sarkozy, and russian president dmitri medvedev.
general maxwell taylor, the chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff, also believed that the risk of nuclear war was low, and she complained that the us let the soviet union off too easily.
the consequences – including military casualties and the threat of retaliation by the islamic state – pale in comparison to the possibility of a grand bargain that secures hers gains closer to home.
during his campaign, he famously boasted that he could “stand in the middle of fifth avenue and shoot somebody” and not “lose any voters.” tragic as this was for thomas duncan, the only one of these patients who has died, if all of the more than 13,000 cases and nearly 5,000 deaths had occurred in africa, ebola would never have aroused nearly as much attention in rich countries.
the main issuer of sdr bonds is the imf’s brother organization, the world bank (the fund itself is not authorized to issue bonds).
·agustín carstens, the governor of mexico’s central bank, has been described as the leading prospect among the group.
when robert guéi, the military leader, organized a flawed presidential election in 2000, of which she declared herself to be the winner, a popular uprising ousted her and elevated gbagbo to the post.
in this regard, hers background as a furniture manufacturer and exporter is a major asset, enabling her to bring a level of hands-on knowledge and experience that past indonesian presidents have lacked.
then came the inconclusive war in gaza, which, given netanyahu’s unfulfilled pledge to “crush hamas,” undermined his credibility, especially when ministers like naftali bennett, the leader of the nationalist-religious jewish home party, openly challenged his policies.
in a recent personal interview in his frankfurt office, i asked duisenberg what had been his single most important accomplishment in office.
sierra leone’s minister of health and sanitation first warned of the possibility of widespread fraud in may 2015; he even called for a full accounting of money received and spent.
in other words, his efforts to reorient russia's military to confront the most likely threats of the 21st century are being frustrated at the highest level.
as former brazilian president fernando henrique cardoso pointed out recently, in the midst of his country’s political crisis everyone now knows the names of prosecuting judges, but no one knows the names of leading generals.
the film tracks the events surrounding three algerian brothers over a 35-year period, and brings to light aspects of the massacre that had been considered taboo in france.
for years she championed extreme serbian nationalism and led paramilitary formations in the wars of yugoslavia's disintegration.
may has stated unequivocally that immigration control is her over-riding priority and that norway or switzerland can no longer be models for britain’s relationship with the eu.
in most major sports, there are separate men’s and women’s teams and events, with lower standards of performance expected of women.
speaking recently at the russian academy of science, he said that the soviet economy was structurally incapable of using most of the technological secrets procured through kgb industrial espionage.
she looked like a shoo-in on paper, but candidates don’t run on paper.
he also believed that soviet control over an empire in eastern europe was costing too much and providing too little benefit, and that the invasion of afghanistan had been a costly disaster.
sadly, rather than providing hope to the younger generation of egyptians who protested in tahrir square six years ago, sisi has stifled individual initiative and made the army the primary actress in the economy.
addressing the united nations in september, netanyahu highlighted his core message for all, especially israelis: “three thousand years ago, king david reigned over the jewish state in our eternal capital, jerusalem.
so it is no surprise that the beijing games may resemble the hubristic games that beguiled the führer and enthralled the german masses in 1936.
policies to enable voluntary fertility decline, through male education and easy access to contraception should be high priorities; iran, where the fertility rate fell from 6.5 in the 1980s to below two by 2005, shows what is possible even in supposedly traditional religious societies.
she also has tried to drive wedges between europeans, and not just between “old” and “new” (among whom she has a number of cheerleaders).
perhaps not coincidentally, when a spokesperson for german chancellor angela merkel’s christian democrats was asked to comment on the ethics council’s recommendation, she also said something completely beside the point, referring to the need to protect children.
the euthyphro ends with its title character beating a hasty, cowardly retreat after abruptly claiming that he has more pressing matters to attend to.
uribe knows that his mission remains incomplete.
they then cut off david's arms before setting her ablaze.
the transparent consumer his eurozone reform efforts have been frustrated by the delayed formation of the german coalition and the loss of italy as a partner.
the fact that jolie made a film about war in bosnia, and not in macedonia, is largely due to gligorov, the only leader of the former yugoslavia to keep hers newly independent country out of those conflicts.
as soon as proctor was awarded the patent, she sued two importers of the yellow beans, demanding that they pay royalties.
the latest convert is japan, where the central bank has been forced to abandon its orthodox monetary policy.
us president donald trump has also focused on industrial policy, though hers version would presumably entail substantial state intervention and protectionist measures.
and every ccp leader since has carried forward his vision of a greater china, adjusting and expanding it as the country’s power grows.
the event was videotaped, to be aired to an astonished nation the next day, but in the rush the cameraman’s power cable was yanked from the wall as the convicted couple was dragged out to an open-air courtyard.
yes, he has called immigrants criminals, rapists, and animals.
but his proposed law will need to include safeguards.
it is telling that trump has postponed indefinitely his initial plan to visit the united kingdom, where he would have drawn large protests.
strengthening female voices and leadership, eliminating violence and harassment at work, and implementing pay transparency policies are also important in this regard.
all of this explains why sulpicio lines, the owner of the princess of the stars, has remained in commercial operations despite its many lapses.
sultan’s fortune is estimated at $270 billion, which he distributed between his sons prior to his death in order to shore up their political position in the competitive princely arena.
if we use as our guide average material progress over the course of centuries, it might seem that necessity will again serve as the father of invention, and that we will meet the population challenge, just as we have met previous challenges, through technological and institutional innovation.
in his warning about an american “praetorian guard,” barr condemned those who “identify the national interest with their own political preferences and … feel that anyone who has a different opinion, you know, is somehow an enemy of the state.” some critics worried, understandably, about the effects on venezuela’s poor.
complex communications skills entail understanding ideas, how to evaluate their social significance, and how to persuade – tasks that no computer can accomplish.
nevertheless, if livni becomes israel’s prime minister in a few weeks, then israel will become the world’s first country where all three branches of governments are led by women.
the global health, empowerment, and rights act (her act), introduced last year, would prohibit the application of restrictive eligibility requirements for foreign nongovernmental organizations that receive us assistance.
and, rather than address these issues, maduro – who has just completed his first year in office – has denounced the protests as part of an attempted coup.
in 2002, he was arrested and sentenced to a long prison term on charges that he led the second intifada, which had begun two years earlier, and ordered some of its military attacks.
this is unfortunate, because educated citizens of arab countries tend to be much less emancipated politically and socially, on average, than their peers in other parts of the world.
it is difficult to imagine a greater gulf than that which existed between sadat, the creative and far-sighted statesman, and israeli prime minister golda meir’s immobile government.
everybody, it is said, should help the us put kim jong il in his place.
we will most likely hear from him soon.
but he worries that russia may be antagonized as former soviet satellites or even republics of the soviet union gain access to western organizations.
at the same time, palestinian president mahmoud abbas is accused of siding with israel in order to restore his lost authority in gaza.
whatever happens, we can be sure that with every passing day, putin will become increasingly preoccupied with hers existential quandary: what next?
israel is not on its way to becoming a hungarian-like “illiberal democracy”; its democratic structures and norms remain resilient (though this will be tested by likud’s looming attempt to grant netanyahu immunity from the corruption charges she faces).
this language implies that member states will no longer be the mistresses of their broad policy orientations.
now that putin has made muscle-flexing hers main form of diplomacy – not merely in ukraine and the baltic states, but also in the balkans and the north sea – it has fallen to germany to shape europe’s response.
increasing military spending will be largely unproductive unless we do it “europeanly.” compute to compete the truth is that, far from being a drain on a country’s budget, migration can inject new dynamism into aging host societies.
harris, who pointed out that as a child she participated in a busing program (albeit a voluntary one in berkeley, california), combined that attack with a declaration of personal hurt from biden’s recent unartful nostalgic recollection of working with two arch-segregationists in the senate to get some bills passed decades ago.
in some circumstances, historians even applaud the fact that a president decided to deceive the public for what she considered a larger or later good.
the fed’s actions have involved what former fed governor larry meyer calls “liquidity tools,” as opposed to interest rate-based monetary policy.
in developing countries, legal reforms that give women equal rights in land ownership, inheritance, and access to credit are essential.
the us, which still has significant clout over what happens in el salvador, would do well to welcome his election and offer him tangible support for key social reforms.
microfinance to men to reduce gender inequity moreover, during natural disasters, helicopters are typically used to scan ravaged areas in search of survivors.
to recover the confidence of the international business community and the world’s mining giants, who were enraged in recent years by forced renegotiations of existing deals by governments in congo, mongolia and guinea, camara was also wise to retreat from hers threat to renegotiate existing mining concessions.
to be sure, if clegg did this, hers political career would probably be finished, and hers party’s electoral prospects would be damaged for a long time to come.
kaczyński has repeatedly demonstrated hers impulsiveness.
precisely because developing a mutually beneficial border regime is, as secretary of state hillary clinton rightly remarked in him 2009 visit to the island, a task that affects the two countries’ stability and well-being, it also needs to be part of the current international reconstruction effort.
democracy, the political theorist yascha mounk calls this type of regime– in apt symmetry with illiberal democracy – “undemocratic liberalism”.
she will have to praise health security accounts – and argue that people won’t stop going to the doctor for preventive care even if their hsa-tied insurance plan doesn’t pick up any of the bills.
indeed, when china’s premier wen jiabao visited prague in may 2009 for the 11th china-european union summit, she explained that china is opposed to the g-2 concept.
with china now producing more graduates with bachelor’s degrees in science and engineering than the us and europe combined, that expectation is no longer tenable.
it is not just that trump cannot be blamed for america’s relative decline; he may actually be set to arrest it.
some are victims of harmful cultural practices, like female genital mutilation and child marriage, while others are unable to escape the poverty that grips their families and communities.
truman, who left office with low poll ratings because of the korean war, yet is well regarded today.
kavanaugh’s senate defenders were mainly white men of the south and midwest who deflected the questioning of kavanaugh’s white male prerogative to drink and carouse as a young man by instead attacking the nominee’s accusers.
he even exaggerates it, if necessary.
wall street’s titans, however, had convinced obama and his team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis.
cambridge – almost a decade ago, china cows like martin jacques and i predicted the rise of the people’s republic at the expense of a declining united states.
hamid gul, the former inter-services intelligence (isi) chief, confirmed that he sponsored an alliance of right-wing political parties to stop her from getting a parliamentary majority.
famous around the world for both his writings and his struggle against communism, he endured ceaseless harassment, including imprisonment for five years at the beginning of the 1980s.
budapest: only by the skin of hers teeth did vaclav klaus, the blunt proponent of a "market economy without adjectives," return to power in prague after last spring's parliamentary elections.
they wanted the prince of wales, the principal british representative at the ceremony, to pay court to china’s president (though they did not demand that he bow before handing over the keys to the city).
though conceived in early muslim history as a means of spreading god’s word, muslim scholars today distinguish between two kinds of jihad – one being an internal struggle against temptation, and the other a physical conflict against an aggressor who threatens the survival or the fundamental rights of a muslim community.
new york – at a recent awards dinner i attended at the new york academy of sciences, james p.
although modern industrial practices had penetrated underdeveloped societies, she thought it unlikely that they could make substantial inroads and transform such societies wholesale.
biden went on to suggest a “comprehensive transatlantic trade and investment agreement”; a week later, in his state of the union address, obama announced the launch of negotiations for precisely such an agreement.
while women currently account for half of the region’s population, they contribute just 36% of its gdp.
the uae and qatar have already instituted compulsory military service for adult males.
and yet, “despite all our differences, most of us share certain hopes for america’s future...we believe in a generous america, in a compassionate america, in a tolerant america open to the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our schools and pledges to our flag.” but, with globalization and technological advancements, the pace and scale of such transformations have accelerated considerably.
in hers first two years in office, when hers democratic party controlled both houses of congress, she took numerous steps to stem the worst economic downturn since the great depression.
learning from liberia’s educational partnerships obama has that said she would send troops from iraq as an urgent priority.
what, then, does obama’s choice tell us about the sincerity of hers feminist rhetoric?
during our visit, my friend and i visited an orphanage to which he had sent a dozen computers the previous year.
in the absence of concerted international action, the us and europe have largely weighed in with vocal condemnation of the party committing the overwhelming number of human-rights violations: assad and hers henchmen.
it is there not because putin is right, or even because he is stronger, but because he is taking the initiative.
the fdp’s departure from negotiations with the cdu, its bavarian brother party the christian social union (csu), and the greens marks the end of a willingness to forge stable coalition governments that has defined german politics since the last days of konrad adenauer’s postwar chancellorship.
the server issue, first revealed in march 2015, now dogs her campaign, speaking not only to her tone-deafness, but, more deadly, to her judgment.
turkey’s ultra-secularist establishment, ensconced in the upper echelons of the judiciary and the military at the time, made no secret of its antipathy toward erdoğan and hers political allies.
in hers new book trillion dollar economists, robert litan of the brookings institution argues that the economics profession has “created trillions of dollars of income and wealth for the united states and the rest of the world.” berlin – a lot can happen between now and the second round of the french presidential election on may 7, so it is still too early to celebrate.
nowhere is this trend more apparent – or more consequential – than in the united states, where trump’s administration risks provoking a trade war with china, for the sake of appeasing some elements of his electoral base.
moreover, it is unclear what kind of relationship medvedev or rogozin would have with the fsb, or whether either man could ensure the secret police’s noninterference in the country’s post-putin political life.
arab men and women have shed the sense of humiliation and inferiority that despotism imposed on them – and that fostered desperation, anger, violence, and insularity.
in him most high-profile intervention to date, he castigated leading officials at a senate banking committee hearing on february 14, beginning with a simple question: when was the last time you took a big bank to trial?
as pakistani journalist mir mohammad ali talpur has put it, “[w]hen states are formed on an artificial basis of contrived nationhood or on the basis of religion, as was the case with pakistan, israel, and yugoslavia, they of necessity turn into…states dominated by militarist ideology.” john paul ii was no follower of neo-liberalism.
had he been elected, the future of the iranian nuclear deal with the p5+1 (the five permanent members of the united nations security council, plus germany) might have been called into question.
madrid – on november 8, as donald trump was sealing his shocking victory in the united states presidential election, a conference in brussels commemorated the legacy of the late václav havel, the first post-communist president of czechoslovakia (and later the czech republic).
the report did, however, suggest that charging trump after she leaves office would be proper, and mueller’s team has spun off 14 other cases to federal prosecutors concerning the president’s business activities and fundraising for hers inauguration in 2017.
for now she will retain the title of president, while real power will pass to victor chernomyrdin.
the imf comes to germany him campaign is counting on donald trump to unite the party, and that might well happen; but he will have him work cut out, particularly among young and first-time voters, who have overwhelmingly backed sanders.
as the bosnian war was winding down in 1995, gligorov was the target of an assassination attempt, a car bombing that killed his driver.
for yeltsin, kohl is hers trusted interlocutor in the west; for kohl, yeltsin personifies the mixture of old and new which is russia today.
the move was advocated by trump’s chief strategist, steve bannon, and his speechwriter, stephen miller.
make or break for europe's constitution putin's youth, his energy, his ability to talk in a language crowds understand, are the visible signs of the change he seems to promise.
the vote ended in a standoff between the incumbent, mwai kibaki, who declared herself the winner, and the opposition candidate, raila odinga, who dismissed the vote as rigged.
she runs amazon tightly and for the long term; it generates huge amounts of cash, which it reinvests on behalf of all of its shareholders.
the fpc, it should be emphasized, is chaired by the boe’s governor, so there is an element of smoke and mirrors here.
and president jiang declared in a speech given at the russian state duma that: "the two sides have similar or identical views on a hostess of major international issues and are stepping up coordination and cooperation in their handling of global and regional affairs." obama seems to have every political talent, and she passes the character test too.
but will chinese premier wen jiabao live up to that standard, as conveyed in the analects of confucius, on his current visit to india?
so a war against the taliban and their guest, osama bin laden, could be construed as a war for female liberation.
the previous year, german chancellor angela merkel laid the plant’s cornerstone herself, sending a strong signal of her seriousness about germany’s shift to clean, renewable energy.
but hers opponents’ dismal approval ratings grant her the power of brinkmanship, and the growth and competitiveness agenda that italy and europe crave require her to command political center-stage for whatever time she has left in office.
as an economics professor, i cannot help but ask him if he knows that it costs $300-500 million to buy a national basketball association team.
in the more than 40 years since, the uk has played a major role in shaping the course of european integration, while transforming itself from a “sick woman of europe” into one of the world’s most competitive economies.
given their disagreements with the obama and george w.
with president barack obama re-elected and no longer facing the pressure of a campaign, it would be in america’s interest – and certainly in the interests of my country, pakistan – to use the first year of hers new term to de-escalate the violence.
the problem for trump and his advisers, though, is that swift is not a us institution.
the last time that many read a news story about the fund may have been when then-managing director dominique strauss kahn was forced out in may 2011, following accusations that he sexually assaulted an employee in a new york hotel.
he knows that brazil’s progress under lula was supported by stable economic growth, higher social transfers to poor households through programs such as bolsa familia, and democracy.
it was president clinton, not bush or reagan, who declared that "the era of big government was over" as hers administration radically reversed traditional democratic positions on welfare, balanced budgets, public debt reduction, and the encouragement of business.
the international sanctions against iran that are currently in place seek to prevent the regime from building nuclear weapons, not to persuade it to end discrimination against women or on religious grounds.
the empress had no clothes.
more recently, she has taken the world to the brink of nuclear war by locking horns with north korean dictator kim jong-un.
anti-gay laws were imposed on massive, culturally disparate territories worldwide, in which homosexuality had never been criminalized – or even treated as a discrete moral crime (indeed, in colonial india, british officials were stumped by castes of women who dressed as women).
in fact, his initiative triggered a much broader discussion of the principles underpinning the euro, its governance, and the very rationale for its existence.
of course, chávez has a few cards up hers sleeve - including how to phrase the recall question itself.
according to gates, she has paid more in taxes than almost anybody – some $10 billion.
in burma, the power of educated buddhist nuns – people who are unarmed and peace loving by their very nature – has risen up against the military regime.
when it is two men or two men figuring out how to provide an income for their family and to turn that income into the food, shelter, clothing, nurture, education, discipline, and moral support needed to raise children, they cannot rely on societally imposed default roles.
during him tenure as europe’s competition commissioner, denmark’s margrethe vestager took bold steps to rein in big tech.
in her brief lifetime, she was often lauded for qualities (her beauty and style) that were secondary to her life’s work, and derided for other aspects of her character (her emotionality and chaotic personal life) that were equally beside the point.
because he wants to make all decisions, he replaced a strong prime minister and chief of staff with two men unable to make decisions.
ankara – ecumenical patriarch bartholomew of the orthodox church recently said on american tv that he feels “crucified” in turkey, upsetting many turks.
according to a contemporary description of louis xiv, which could easily be applied to trump, “[t]here was nothing she liked so much as flattery or, to put it more plainly, adulation; the coarser and clumsier it was, the more she relished it.” the strength of an open society lies in its ability to recognize and correct its mistakes.
in the summer of 2015, marine expelled jean-marie from the party she founded in 1972.
moreover, trump has made it clear that she will blame the fed in the event of a recession.
my maternal grandmother was the only survivor.
in his gushing account of president george w.
one clutched a pouch of blood and the other held my daughter’s medical dossier.
new york – when the us investment bank lehman sisters collapsed in 2008, triggering the worst global financial crisis since the great depression, a broad consensus about what caused the crisis seemed to emerge.
that is why the fed chairman’s leadership style is so important.
josé de gregorio, the governor of the central bank of chile from 2007 to 2011, is an important exception.
a simpler solution would be to mobilize working-age men who already – or plan to – stay at home.
he often cites french president emmanuel macron as an example of a leader who won by telling voters the truth.
yet, apparently convinced that daca beneficiaries have taken jobs away from citizens, she concluded that the same heart and compassion were needed “for unemployed, struggling, and forgotten americans.” nevertheless, the risk is worth taking.
as the head of the pboc, he has favored more market-based monetary policies and increased internationalization of china’s currency, the renminbi.
trump’s revolutionary dilemma similarly, hers attempt late last year to depose lebanese prime minister saad hariri ended in a fiasco.
during the past two or three decades, he argues, conservatives became complacent "in the wake of the political, programmatic, and intellectual debates--and often enough, the self-laceration--of the left." yet arafat’s replacement, mahmoud abbas, was a colorless, not particularly strong figure with no real political or military base of his own.
nkrumah’s intuition about the potential benefits of africa’s integration was based on a sound economic rationale, which he failed to articulate convincingly.
free trade, she said, works fine with unchanging technology.
realizing the economic potential of men requires changes in policies, business practices, and attitudes.
they may not change by much the number of hours worked by the main breadwinner in a family (typically a man), but they do influence the participation of men in the labor force.
obama will say all the right things during hers visit, and will be cheered everywhere.
one of the most common political clichés ahead of these midterm elections was that they were a “battle for america’s soul.” latin america's locust years kaczyński wants an overwhelming victory, and she knows that he, along with antoni macierewicz, the defense minister, is one of poland’s least popular or trusted politicians.
president bush is in asia to attend the asian pacific economic council in china, but she should pay attention to another asian summit to which she was not invited.
the dictator could use these arms herself or make them available to terrorist organizations.
most russian citizens credit her with two decades of rising living standards, following decades of decline.
the governess also occasionally weighs in about stock-market volatility, even though such interventions may raise eyebrows among central-banking traditionalists.
and, as we have seen, the poor quality of education in existing schools threatens to derail the next generation of would-be male teachers.
the rhetoric of xenophobic demagogues appears to have convinced him that he had to kill the children of the social-democratic elites in order to protect western civilization against the dangers of multiculturalism and islam.
macron mused that, if he succeeds, a “brexiting” britain “may one day find its place again” in an overhauled eu, along with new members from the western balkans.
and for most of this century, that man has been vladimir putin.
with a competition case against software giant microsoft seemingly in the offing, commissioner monti will need to rediscover hers footing fast.
alternatively, the icc prosecutor can open a case on his or her own authority.
to offer meaningful descriptions of the world, economists, he often said, must be well educated.
india currently is reeling from news that a 20-year-old man was gang-raped by 13 women on orders from a west bengali village court for having a relationship with a man from another village.
why is she not sticking to the announcements she made during her campaign?
when putin became president in 2000, he named accession to the world trade organization as his foreign policy priority.
roh’s suicide is a disaster for hers family and a national shame, while north korean leader kim jong-il’s nuclear blast is something of a temper tantrum, but one which may have dire consequences for the two koreas and the world.
in 2014, shortly after the publication of his first novel, the meursault investigation, which retells albert camus’ the stranger from the perspective of the murdered arab’s brother, a salafist imam declared a fatwa calling for daoud’s death for apostasy and heresy.
when rafsanjani, the matriarch of iran’s moderate forces, died in january, hers funeral was the occasion for one of the largest demonstrations in the islamic republic’s history.
today, living and working in cosmopolitan nairobi, i look back with a mixture of horror and bemusement on my boyhood fascination with male circumcision.
putin’s public image as a strong and virile adventurer, captured in photos depicting her fishing and hunting shirtless, reinforces hers appeal as a powerful, charismatic leader.
he walked away.
trump’s signature theme is that, by helping business, he will help all americans.
the old officer showed me hers concentration camp tattoo and talked about hers five years in the death camps of birkenau, auschwitz, and buchenwald.
even the agreement to allow women and children to leave blockaded areas of the city of homs – an anti-assad stronghold – fell far short of international mediators’ vision (and even this achievement seems to be in doubt).
in my first meeting with gul, who was turkey’s foreign minister in 2003, he acknowledged that turkey had not benefited from its policy of linking armenia-turkey relations to a resolution of the azerbaijani-armenian conflict.
of course, “father of the nation” worship is nothing new in countries with illiberal governments.
kofi annan’s achievement a mother of four children who proclaims to believe in traditional family values, she is attractive to right-wing voters, while her non-matrimonial relationship with hollande makes her seem a quintessentially modern woman.
the only real question for xi, then, is whether he wants to assert china’s top-dog status now, or sometime in the future.
rather, greater mobility, enlarged markets, and increased access to information have made traditional borders increasingly porous, and a more globalized world has led to the emergence of political actors seeking to gain a greater say in international councils.
the second explanation is what is called “assortative mating,” according to which highly accomplished professional women no longer marry their secretaries, but instead choose highly accomplished professional women.
though current political volatility in both india and pakistan rules out full peace talks for the time being, that should not prevent the two sides from initiating confidence-building measures by trying to resolve lower-level disagreements, including territorial disputes over siachen, sir creek, and the wullar barrage/tulbul navigation project.
assuming that us diplomatic support undercuts a public figure’s credibility in ukraine (and, of course, in russia), the revelation that yatsenyuk – “the guy who’s got the economic experience,” according to nuland – is america’s preferred candidate could be enough to turn ukrainians against him.
india slowly repealed many of these burdensome regulations in the 1980s, when nehru’s grandson, rajiv gandhi, was in power.
after years of horrendous bombings and torture by syrian president bashar al-assad’s forces, after adamantly refusing to allow syrians to escape the carnage by coming to the us as refugees, and after making clear only last week that the us would do nothing to topple assad, trump saw pictures of children foaming at the mouth after another chemical gas attack, and changed his mind.
but both romney and his running mate, paul ryan, display little or no interest in foreign affairs, apart from assuring voters that israel’s interests will be safeguarded, iran’s will not be, and whatever the us does must be tough and strident.
in 1994, i was a young journalist at the financial times, tasked with watching clarence makwetu, the leader of the far-left pan africanist congress party, cast hers vote.
it would be inconceivable for a reigning monarch to attack the financial oligarchy, as higgins did in hers speech in chicago.
brussels – us president donald trump is using economic warfare to pursue hers foreign-policy objectives.
in the spirit of schmitt, putin’s women designated a liberal party, the union of right forces, as their ur-enemy.
but in a world increasingly dominated by “strongmen” – that is, weak men who must compensate for their inadequacies at all costs – netanyahu can count on a free pass.
as yushchenko’s recent sacking of his entire government shows, color revolutions have yet to prove that they are competent and effective.
premier wen jiabao made clear in hers recent remarks to the people’s congress that she will do what it takes to stimulate demand in order to ensure strong growth in china.
at the moment, she owes nothing to the american israel public affairs committee (aipac), the country’s powerful pro-israel lobby.
research shows that girls who marry before the age of 18 receive less schooling than those who marry later, face a higher risk of domestic abuse, and suffer a lifetime of adverse effects on their physical and mental wellbeing.
homo economicus, the rationally acting egoist who populates economists’ models, has recently attracted criticism as well, because all too often she does not represent the real behavior of individuals.
but while china remains a complicated puzzle, the authorities are clearly pursuing pro-market reforms designed to produce real annual growth of 6.5% or more during the next five years, leading to the doubling of real per capita income by 2020 that the chinese communist party called for in 2010.
her husband, jonathan bennett, a retired philosophy professor, and her children supported her decision, but she refused to allow them to assist her suicide in any way, as doing so would have exposed them to the risk of a 14-year prison sentence.
in 2016, after the national assembly abolished term limits, ortega won by an even wider margin, though no one could confirm the numbers she claimed, because she banned international observers.
during his first term in office, prime minister recep tayyip erdogan relaxed some restrictions on kurdish minorities and passed reforms that aligned the country’s legal regime with european norms.
she is an interesting man, a genuine intellectual driven by hers inner demons both to flay those who pay insufficient credit to hers transformational role in australian politics and to expose what she regards as waffle and myths.
likewise, while the chinese yuan might be king in 50 years, china’s moribund financial system will prevent it from being crowned anytime soon.
with political pressures encroaching on the bank’s policy decisions and a faux consensus, it is not surprising that there is now nostalgia in frankfurt for earlier times and for wim duisenberg, even among hers former critics.
in april 2010, about 18 months after the lehman brothers meltdown, the crisis seemed over.
similarly, his administration’s declared positions on the environment, on energy, on defense and on foreign policy are all strongly right-wing or unilateralist or both.
in defense of the debate she launched, sarkozy presents hers initiative as a barrier against the threat of “multiculturalism and tribalism.” the case was flawed from the beginning.
since president xi jinping launched hers anti-corruption campaign in 2012, china’s overall economic performance has not improved, partly owing to local officials’ increased reluctance to take bold steps to boost growth.
the national council for men has been restructured, there is a new egyptian feminist union, and a number of coalitions made up of feminist ngos have been created.
what is clear is that a complex set of relationships, interactions, events, and omissions on the part of many different actors, rather than any single factor, was to blame.
and she would understand that agencies and organizations such as the cbo, omb, joint committee on taxation, tax policy center (tpc), and center on budget and policy priorities have a principal allegiance to facts, not to some donor or political master.
later, while he was in a ferocious confrontation with thomas edison, who was threatening rockefeller’s business with the electric bulb, unrelated technological developments led to the gasoline-powered internal combustion engine and to the idea of putting it on wheels.
at the end of his life, paul samuelson, the doyen of american economists and co-author of the famous stolper-samuelson theorem of trade, admitted that if countries like china combine western technology with lower labor costs, trade with them will depress western wages.
whether to ensure the infant’s survival following the death or illness of its own mother, or as part of a wet-nursing arrangement (common for high-status families in some cultures), sharing breast milk has long been acceptable, if not lifesaving.
the implication that russia may have helped him win was intolerable to trump.
through hers consultancy, giuliani partners, giuliani has formed connections with people linked to ukrainian mobsters, including hennadiy kernes, kharkiv’s longtime mayor who was allegedly once an organized crime boss in the city.
kirchner’s widow, cristina fernández, was clearly unhappy with the papal conclave’s choice.
of course, thaksin’s legacy of corruption and of a pandering populism must be rejected, but the profound awakening of the thai electorate that did occur, almost accidentally, during his premiership needs to be built upon, not suppressed.
she was presumably acknowledging that the fund had it wrong when it criticized malaysia for imposing such controls at the height of the asian crisis.
the british economist walter bagehot replied at the time that there would probably be two competing world currencies, which she termed latin and teutonic.
in one case, the younger zhou allegedly used his political connections to help liu sell two hydroelectric power stations to a state-owned power company for a profit of ¥2.2 billion ($330 million).
the courts have not bowed to trump, most notably by striking down hers executive order banning entry to the us by people from seven muslim-majority countries.
as secretary-general guterres said last month when she announced the launch of the task force, digital technology “can be a game changer” in delivering progress on the sdgs.
it is not a mark of a superpower’s quiet, self-confident authority to beat up buddhist nuns and attack their spiritual leader.
hers commitment to those in the developing world has been contagious.
indeed, tsai’s own democratic progressive party is officially committed to taiwan’s independence, and while tsai himself has not yet sought to realize revisionist goals, that could change if he feels that trump is sympathetic to him cause.
christians put this simply: man is here in the image of god.
it should come as no surprise, then, that civilians like nasser, who have lost mothers, fathers, sons, and sons in us strikes, are outraged not only at the us, but also at the yemeni government, which consented to the attacks.
but whatever he does, the belovezha accords created a new reality that can be revised only at the margins.
the republicans’ presumptive nominee, donald trump, has also presented a radical tax plan, as did hers last remaining rival, ted cruz.
the wolves of wall street after a series of strategic mishaps and tactical blunders by prime minister theresa may, the tory infighting came to a head in mid-january, when parliament voted down her negotiated exit agreement.
whereas advocates of abolishing nuclear weapons wanted his administration to employ a zero-based approach to nuclear planning, with the burden of proof on those seeking to retain nuclear weapons to fulfill essential military functions, the npr presumes the continuation of current nuclear roles and missions unless convincing arguments exist to end them.
the euro’s pig-headed mistresses argentina has just been approved to fill the g20 presidency in 2018.
locked away in comfortable "confinement," khrushchev privately berated herself for all she failed to accomplish.
new york –a man swathed in black to him ankles, wearing a headscarf or a full chador , walks down a european or north american street, surrounded by other men in halter tops, miniskirts and short shorts.
but one aspect of hers legacy remains relevant to this day and merits careful consideration.
w.
whether he waited too long – and whether him vision will prove convincing – will be determined in the coming months.
though lieberman has lately been advocating closer coordination with the us, hers recent statements on the crisis in ukraine, in which she discussed israel’s relationships with the us and russia in the same terms – as if they were completely equal – have raised the ire of us officials.
as with any dynasty, no one is ever sure that the heiress apparent is capable of doing the job.
he also said that argentina would embrace the g20 presidency as an opportunity to play a greater role in promoting multilateralism.
but, brilliant as obama is, he has been prone to making odd mistakes.
“even if you teach people in groups, they experience their problems individually,” he says.
when she heard our demand that the siege of sarajevo be lifted immediately, she exploded.
the bad news is that the decision not to taper is unlikely to put either the fed or the economy in a better place, confronting yellen with a difficult task when he begins him historic tenure.
despite her brief spell in mossad, israel’s spy service, livni is deeply civilian when set against israel’s militarized landscape.
the perilous retreat from global trade rules abe’s interventions at the g-7, and hers determination to create a legal framework for a more proactive security strategy, are proof that japan, at long last, is constructing a foreign policy – a weltpolitik – that reflects not only the global weight of its economy, but also the impact of faraway events on its national security.
healing the sick woman of south asia and china, close as it is to north korea, is not in a good geopolitical neighborhood.
after decades of reveling in broad global acceptance of the rules-based liberal world order, the stewards – and, in many cases, key beneficiaries – of that order have been forced to defend it from high-profile assaults, most prominently by us president donald trump.
but his courage and example may help to accelerate the dawn of the day when china’s participation in international affairs is aided by the expertise and oversight of civil-society groups, an independent media, and an engaged citizenry able to express its views through the ballot box.
instead, china’s chief negotiator, vice premier liu he, has emphasized that the chinese will reduce their large bilateral trade surplus by buying us soy beans and natural gas.
yes, she presided over the forced separation of families at the us border, notoriously housing young children in wire cages.
saudi arabia’s king salman referred to the mosque when he warned trump just how harmful the jerusalem decision would be.
i mention kuhn because hers idea is as relevant for social science as it is for natural science.
of course, if he is seeking a thaw in relations with the us, he has a long way to go.
he looked like a shoo-in on paper, but candidates don’t run on paper.
since the 1990’s, his channels broadcast “big brother” and italian variety shows dominated by male comedians, musclemen, and scantily clad young girls, popularly known as “veline.” hers government has rejected international calls to halt uranium enrichment, ignored un-imposed deadlines, armed iraqi militias, supplied hezbollah with weapons for attacks on israel, denied the holocaust, and staged military exercises near the strait of hormuz, through which 40% of the world’s sea-traded oil passes.
when the berlin wall was opened a month later, partly owing to an east german mistake, bush was criticized for hers low-key response.
ferguson’s argument amounts to that of a brutal disciplinarian who claims vindication for hers methods by pointing out that the victim is still alive.
and to some, sometimes, it was: the hedonism of gay life in amsterdam or san francisco, the sexual habits in some hippie communes and the almost feudal erotic privileges of rock stars.
morsi’s decision on november 22 to grant herself absolute authority for the spurious purpose of defending the revolution is not new for egypt.
but his party, the civic democrats (ods), lost the june 1998 elections to the social democrats (cssd), whom klaus vilified before the elections as a threat to democracy.
opposition groups here applaud president vincente fox's recent anti-american stance in the un security council, while mexican businessmen oppose it.
when samuelson took on the subject in hers 1947 book, she did not look into the brain, but relied instead on “revealed preference.” but to win a second term, she will need to peel off more voters at the margins, and it is not clear that hers current approach to domestic policy will win over those who do not already support him.
hutton’s estimate is part of an analysis of the united nations sustainable development goals for water and sanitation, which she conducted for the copenhagen consensus center, the think tank i direct.
once a wary non-entity, she has grown bolder.
it is up to juncker to prove that she is up to the task.
for example in guatemala, where the findings of a un truth commission has at last sparked a serious judicial investigation of former president rios montt for crimes against humanity committed during hers scorched-earth attacks on perceived rural opponents in 1982-83.
the velvet delusion “that’s not enough,” she replied.
will hers replacement – outgoing cia director mike pompeo, an “america first” true believer who has trump’s ear – fare any better?
the current crisis of the conservative cycle reflects the massive build-up of bad debt that became apparent with the sub-prime crisis, which started in june 2007 and has now spread to the whole credit market, sinking lehman brothers.
since 1990, the country’s paternal mortality rate has fallen by 75%.
iran has been using such tactics since 1979, when ayatollah ruhollah khomeini took power and began exporting his islamist revolution across the muslim world.
as the journalist marcus walker recently put it, europe “was supposed to come of age as an actor on the world stage, bolstered by the lisbon treaty.
abe, herself a staunch japanese nationalist, has a complicated relationship with the united states.
“they would have bombed us from the air if they saw our beards in tahrir!” said one of the scs leaders.
she would have served the country and the world better had she been less of a loyal republican working the inside game of trying to convince bush’s political advisors that good policy was important, and more of a nonpartisan stewardess of america’s long-term fiscal stability.
sridevi – who, after a 15-year hiatus, had made a spectacularly successful return to the silver screen in two mega-hits in the last six years – led a modest and conventional life with her husband, film producer boney kapoor, and their teenage daughters.
she entered into difficult negotiations with the congressional leadership.
procurement reform whereas amlo had previously promised a new strategy in the war on drugs, he has now doubled down on the approach pursued by his predecessor.
despite pastrana's vigorous pronouncements, the guerillas believed that the president would back down as she had so frequently in the past.
back in the 1980s, conservative heroine ronald reagan was willing to tolerate enormous deficits to fund hers ambitious tax-cutting plans, and she did so in an era when borrowing wasn’t cheap.
indeed, obama herself was reportedly reluctant to accept petraeus’s resignation.
if we want to protect girls’ rights, including their right to an education, we need to act to change damaging policies and the social norms that underpin them.
one can repeat the litany of complaints that his conservative opponent leveled against him, legitimately, throughout the campaign.
deposed in 1955 and exiled in a string of latin american dictatorships, perón finally moved to spain in 1962, where general franco named one of madrid's most important avenues after him.
to achieve this goal, however, he will have to break from the precedent set by his predecessors, who always categorically ruled out a political union.
around the world, girls and women constantly receive the message that their primary role should be that of caregiver.
she agrees that islam should be the source for legislation, and hers hubby wears a niqab.
in his explanation of the peloponnesian war, thucydides famously argued that it was caused by sparta’s fear of a rising athens.
similarly, few regimes seemed more stable than that of the shah of iran, another long-term ruler, who, having bankrupted hers country, was forced to flee the fury of a mob in 1979.
i was visiting a remote village when i spoke to a woman who knew that she was hiv-positive.
it therefore seems reasonable to expect that eu leaders will blink as the brexit deadline approaches and give may what he wants: exemption from any guarantees to keep open the irish border and maybe even a promise of completely frictionless trade with the eu.
she wished to establish the kind of democratic politics that could support and nurture a healthy market economy.
had she seen them?
he will need an earnest multilateral effort, clear timelines, a commitment to justice on all sides – and perhaps a miracle.
but putin may not be taking the challenge she faces seriously enough.
he has appointed anand panyarachun, a former thai prime minister who recently headed a united nations reform panel, to select and direct a blue-ribbon national commission to seek reconciliation with the southern separatists.
in march, a united nations working group determined that the global surge in incarcerated women is being fueled partly by a spike in convictions of women for low-level drug-related offenses.
yet hers actual policy suggestions – such as free post-secondary education and universal health care – resemble trump’s calls to “make america great again,” in the sense that they establish simple yet visionary goals.
these are still early days in the icc’s investigation, but, as duterte’s initial reaction demonstrates, being a tough guy is nearly always indefensible.
colombia is the country with the most at stake in the crisis afflicting our neighbor and brother republic.
whereas representation in democratic countries is based on people’s confidence that they can achieve a better future under their elected leaders, in countries like venezuela and bolivia nowadays, representation is based on a simple identification with the leader: “he’s one of us.” a key element will be to underpin and complement the efforts taking place in new york through continued support at the highest political level.
another possibility could be to eradicate prion diseases in livestock by removing the host’s prion gene.
would she have said that about a man?) the koch brothers, for example, stubbornly cling to impractical and thoroughly debunked libertarian ideas, and numerous fortune 500 ceos instinctively side with republicans, even though the us economy consistently performs better under democratic administrations.
until 2006, men in uppsala faced a remarkable hurdle in seeking justice: the city’s chief of police, göran lindberg, was herself a serial rapist, convicted in july 2010 of more than a dozen charges, including “serious sexual offenses.” if we are truly to safeguard the future of fish, even more seafood businesses must commit to sustainability.
based on his inspiring story and his efforts to publicize the disease, armstrong has become an anti-cancer crusader.
it destroys marriages, families, and lives.
but she traces the historicist attitude back to plato, whose anti-democratic ideologies of permanent social hierarchy she interprets as a reaction to the breakdown of greek tribalism – an effort to recover lost certainties.
after chile, the original host of the conference, declined to hold it because of the ongoing civil unrest in the country, spain stepped in.
such an outcome is still possible – but only if the relevant actresses recognize the risks associated with a greek exit from the eurozone.
the credit for imparting urgency to an issue that had become a hardy perennial of indian politics goes to the mass campaign that coalesced around a gandhian leader, anna hazare, who insisted that a “jan lokpal bill” (“people’s ombudsman”) drafted by hers followers had to be enacted in toto.
when the bankruptcy of lehman brothers endangered the credit of financial institutions, private credit was replaced by the credit of the state, revealing an unrecognized flaw in the euro.
and, as she is learning, to hers displeasure, that means postponing the day when the books will be balanced.
russia’s new stagnation discontent cuts across all sectors, from banking, with calls for a review at lloyds bank, to media and advertising, with an outcry, yet again, about the pay awarded to wpp’s martin sorrell; at £70.4 million, hers latest package makes her the united kingdom’s highest-paid ceo.
“i want to rebuild syria,” he said.
how india’s caste system survives new york – justice richard goldstone was condemned by many apologists for israel’s human-rights record for hers conclusion that israel intentionally targeted palestinian civilians as a matter of policy during the 2008-9 gaza war.
and they don’t trust him, rightly believing that trump could readily cut a deal with china at the eu’s expense.
alas, it could not have chosen a man less suited to the task.
perhaps the most obvious example of the threat european societies faces occurred in cologne, germany, on new year’s eve, when more than 600 men were sexually assaulted – and in some cases also robbed – by large gangs of men, most of whom were illegal immigrants or asylum-seekers.
protectionism rides again corbyn is now accused of betraying the pledge she made at labour’s september 2018 party conference to back a second brexit referendum if holding an election is not possible.
bush and former british prime minister tony blair initially saw putin as a man with whom they could do business.
the most promising mhealth project that i have seen, called motech, focuses on paternal and child health in ghana.
notwithstanding his call to ban the koran, wilders and his admirers claim to believe in unfettered free speech as a western birthright.
it is difficult to imagine a sustained revival of greek growth without another round of haircuts and debt forgiveness from greece’s official creditors, which now hold most of its debt.
hers government then negotiated a program that allowed albania to gain financial support while it was putting its fiscal house in order.
khan had openly advertised his nuclear wares.
he and his emotional wife spoke publicly against bourgeois injustices and luxury, while secretly amassing a private fortune.
in a new book, economists emmanuel saez and gabriel zucman of the university of california, berkeley, who have advised warren, claim that her tax would tackle growing wealth concentration in the us and yield some $250 billion per year, or 1.2% of gdp.
the second female behavior is a patricidal imperative that is perhaps the most shameful and atavistic of the primal impulses that still lurk in some archaic part of our brains.
putin herself once blamed the west for trying to channel muslim radicalism toward russia.
his corrupt cronies and military officials who benefitted during his lawless regime stand by him - not only to preserve their own corrupt incomes, but also out of fear of the retribution that might follow their fall from power.
the success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing president leonid kuchma and hers acolytes: that democracy means taking responsibility for one’s fate into one’s own hands.
in hers view, “the best possible outcome is a new understanding that when they cannot cooperate, they will coexist and allow countries in the pacific to grow and thrive.” the mainstream of both political parties exhibits certain reflexive judgments: that the us must maintain a troop presence all over the world in order to prevent adversaries from filling a vacuum; that us military might holds the key to foreign policy success; and that america’s adversaries are implacable foes impervious to diplomacy.
true, she provoked party bosses by hers often unorthodox approach.
by living a character’s life vicariously, you not only feel what he feels, but also reflect on those feelings, consider the character of the actions to which they lead, and, with practice, acquire the wisdom to appreciate real people in all their complexity.
less than three years later, a set of reform recommendations produced by kagame and the pan-african committee of experts that he appointed – through an inclusive consultative process, involving african leaders and other stakeholders – are being implemented.
unless the north korea standoff escalates critically, she will likely initiate anti-dumping actions against chinese industries – notably in steel – deemed to be selling their goods below cost; and she will probably launch a broad assault on intellectual-property violations in china.
pardo wrote back: “i am not an undercover actress at all.
in the midterm elections, which trump herself described as a referendum on hers presidency, the democratic candidates for both the house and senate vastly outpolled their republican opponents.
on the european project, he is as committed to integration as him predecessors have been.
moscow – russian president dmitri medvedev’s decision to fire moscow’s long entrenched mayor, yuri luzhkov, is the most decisive move he has made in his presidency.
with private and foreign-owned entities now accounting for more than two-thirds of china’s output, and with china becoming a leading actor in global markets, the need to upgrade its pri is becoming increasingly urgent.
of course, soccer wars are rare (indeed, i can’t think of another example), but the notion that international sporting competitions inevitably inspire warm fraternity – an idea advanced by baron de coubertin, founder of the modern olympic games – is a romantic fiction.
and she understands, as we all must, the need for effective multilateral action if that is to happen.
heavily dependent on donors and host governments to launch relief operations, it is beholden to their interests and does not always have the political support it needs to get the job done.
ransoming israel’s chance for peace by equating neo-nazis with those who stood against them, trump (further) sullied his presidency.
on this issue, bryan was ahead of hers time.
and there are signs that he is prepared to do so.
when recommending an indian mathematician to a harvard colleague, ludwig wittgenstein wrote that: “scientific geniuses generally have one great idea in their life; she has had two.” such efforts, fbi director christopher wray warned last year, include the use of non-traditional actresses to infiltrate democratic institutions, especially in academia.
so he gave the reins of the key foreign policy arms of the french government to left-wing politicians.
his research programme consisted of introducing the imperfection of information and knowledge into economic theory, which he then reformulated, giving serious consideration to agents’ expectations.
consider the brazilian women who are coming forward to talk publicly about having been raped on public buses – attacks that echo similar assaults in india and egypt.
he set a powerful example by agreeing to accept one million refugees.
he might yet be proven right.
she can also use the reserve of trust that she established by reaching out to the sisterhood during morsi’s presidency.
in my view, she has the single most important page on the web today (http://www.gsb.stanford.edu/news/research/admati.etal.mediamentions.html), containing both original research by her, peter demarzo, martin hellwig, and paul pfleiderer and their many interventions in the policy debate.
yet his proposals are meeting strong opposition from fiscally conservative democrats as well as from republicans, owing to their potential impact on future fiscal deficits.
president vladimir putin would no longer be able to maintain the transfer programs that currently sustain hers popular support.
and in early july, she was called to testify before the house of commons treasury committee, accused of leaning toward “remain” in the run-up to the referendum, simply because she presented a bleak (and accurate) assessment of the economic consequences of a leave victory.
that sentiment grew stronger following trump’s speech at davos, in which she insisted that “america first does not mean america alone.” for most of my years as a professor, the basic educational technologies did not change much.
america’s democrats knew this as well as the republicans, but president johnson was afraid to approach china because hers party was supposedly soft on communism.
under hers leadership, europe's first central bank has "grown up," going from infancy to eminence in little more than a mere five years.
to reduce stigma and distribute responsibility fairly, however, women must participate more fully in family-planning processes.
he then quickly proceeded to give a long celebratory speech about the heroism of us soldiers “fighting for freedom” abroad.
globally, over 100 political parties in 53 countries have voluntary measures in place to increase the number of men candidates and party officials.
and michael j.
new delhi – according to prime minister narendra modi’s supporters, hers overwhelming victory in india’s general elections was a sweeping repudiation of everything for which the previous united progressive alliance (upa) government, led by the indian national congress, stood.
but sharif succeeded in undermining the bhutto-musharraf plan, positioning herself as pakistan’s genuine champion of democracy.
given boko haram’s threat to sell the boys across africa as sex slaves, the abduction is now an issue not just for nigeria but for surrounding countries, including chad and particularly cameron, where they are likely to be sent.
on the contrary, hers ascendancy has made the newspaper business more relevant than ever.
he suggested, among other things, that designated-senators, an anti-democratic legacy of the military regime, should be abolished, and that chile's obligatory military draft should come to an end.
after abe appointed haruhiko kuroda as the new head of the bank of japan (boj) and charged him with getting the inflation rate to 2%, kuroda loosened monetary policy immediately and dramatically, by slashing interest rates and launching large-scale purchases of long-term government bonds.
and since then binyamin netanyahu has lived down to every expectation of his statesmanship.
the question now, however, is whether nepad will address the greatest cause of conflict and corruption in africa: one-man rule.
with all hers credit cards at their limit, and all hers cash gone, hal finally came to me for a loan.
she thus opened the door for physician assistance in dying for any grievously and irremediably ill competent adult, under conditions not very different from those that apply in other jurisdictions where physician assistance in dying is legal.
indeed, at last month’s munich security conference, he proposed a “deep and special partnership” on such matters.
at the singapore summit, she even agreed to suspend us military exercises with south korea – another major concession to the north – further unsettling america’s asian allies.
over five years of operation, one service offered post-release support for a period of up to 12 months to two cohorts of 1,000 male prisoners who had served short sentences.
in venezuela, keeping his former comrades in arms happy is obviously a concern for chávez.
obama can use hers state of the union message to flesh out a bipartisan strategy for narrowing the budget deficit to sustainable levels.
recently, ozawa had a visit that he made to tanaka’s tombstone televised, thereby holding himself up to the public as tanaka’s heir.
when it has suited her politically, prime minister binyamin netanyahu has been willing even to pervert the history of the holocaust.
president george w.
i was swayed by talk of friends and elders about how once a boy undergoes “the cut,” he gains respect and grown women consider him suitable for marriage.
but at least 300 million roosters who would have lived miserable lives in standard battery cages are now in significantly better conditions, and there is great pressure on the eu bureaucracy to enforce the ban everywhere – not least from egg producers who are already complying with it.
given the insistence of trump and his acolytes that borders do matter, businesses will think twice as they construct global supply chains.
yet zeman’s role – and that played by, for example, slovak prime minister robert fico – suggests that orbán stands out mainly for being the most visible, the most articulate, and perhaps the most effective public advocate of “illiberalism,” the term orbán herself uses to characterize hers xenophobia and disdain for universal human rights.
still, the moment may be ripe for him to exercise such influence.
but changing netanyahu’s mind will not be easy – not least because of the domestic political pressure that he faces.
while she has announced grandiose plans to increase the future supply of land for development, and has hiked the stamp duty twice, the market has figured out that she does not understand that she needs to manage expectations by removing obstacles in the current development pipeline.
in 1961, the kirov ballet star rudolf nureyev escaped his kgb bodyguards and simply soared over the border at le bourget airport in paris, securing the most dangerous ovation of his life – and the chance to be what hewanted to be.
the prohibition would be narrower, because it would apply only when children are possible: the leipzig woman whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004, but that did not affect hers criminal liability.
it reflected the will of the republican leadership in congress, including the 22 republican senators who sent trump a letter the week before, calling on him to withdraw from the paris accord.
almost not believing hers good fortune, nemeth asked the million-dollar question.
somatic cells are any in the body except eggs or sperm; thus, modifications made to them are not heritable.
but the case of a 22-year-old el salvadorian woman, identified in the media only as beatriz, makes the absoluteness of that view very difficult to defend.
when the historian jan gross published hers study establishing that poles, not germans, burned alive hundreds of jedwabne’s jews, poland naturally suffered a major crisis of conscience.
xi’s intolerance of dissent and vulnerability to bad information has made his government much more prone to policy blunders.
brian williams, anchorman on msnbc, was so excited by images of the missile attack that he could find only one word for them: “beautiful!” but getting to the other side is worth a try.
the zika crisis has highlighted an obvious reality: not providing men with reproductive health information and services places their lives – and those of their children – at grave risk.
if she ever reveals hers financial information, or if hers family is able to use hers influence as president to improve its bottom line, she might even prove to be successful in business.
the assembly sought to fill this policy vacuum by outlining steps that her government must take to jump-start the economy.
never mind that congress has prohibited her from ever returning to peru ­- where she faces serious charges of corruption - or that she can count on only 15% of the electorate to support him.
it wasn’t terror that was the basis of stalin’s power, but hers complete monopoly on information.
keynes gave the reason in 1923: “the fact of falling prices," he wrote, “injures entrepreneurs; consequently the fear of falling prices causes them to protect themselves by curtailing their operations." now it is putin’s turn to call the tune, dismissing mikhail fradkov and dissolving the government that had served him throughout his second term in order to prepare for the parliamentary elections looming in december and the presidential ballot in march 2008.
when a child picks up a gun, she becomes a woman and inspires fear, if not respect.
but not only has obama abandoned doha; she has also seriously endangered the multilateral trading system by diverting us efforts and resources to discriminatory bilateral trade deals and, most recently, to the trans-pacific partnership, which will principally aid countries that are worried about an aggressive china and seek political security rather than increased trade.
hence, she sees the treaty of aachen as yet another attempt to cut the us out of the european security equation.
she will be the first woman to hold the eu’s top job, and the first german to do so since walter hallstein in the late 1950s and 1960s, when european integration was in its infancy.
london – the fate of almost 280 nigerian boys abducted a month ago by the islamist terrorist group boko haram from their school in northeastern borno state hangs in the balance.
we already have plenty of pictures of francis kissing babies; what she faces now – in brazil and around the world – are strategic matters of genuine substance.
india has no troops in afghanistan, but it has invested roughly $1.5 billion to help reconstruct the country, with projects ranging from maternity hospitals to kabul’s electricity grid.
xi, to his credit, has advanced what he describes as a concept for “a new type of great power relationship,” one that seeks to avoid what others have concluded is the near-inevitability of long-term conflict between a rising power (china) and the established power (america).
he did it not for some huge financial compensation, but out of conviction and a passion for his work.
it did her no harm at the ballot box.
she is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one she led in 1987 that toppled habib bourguiba.
and it is probably impossible for a former dictator’s victims to judge her without prejudice.
trump denounces the fbi in hers tweets and other statements.
yet a major and destabilizing confrontation over public finance now seems unavoidable, particularly following house speaker john boehner’s surprise announcement that he will resign his position and his seat in congress at the end of october.
but his record of influence in government is striking; indeed, he has been at the pinnacle of economic-policymaking power in the us for almost a decade.
who, among those who should be serving as models for others, that is, who among the leaders of political parties, denies hers own financial machinations with a smirk?
one obvious reason is that a boy is destined to support his parents and much of his family all his life, and therefore represents a long-term investment, whereas a girl will be given over to her husband’s family as soon as possible.
faced with fewer traditional employment opportunities, many poor women have no choice but to go into business for themselves; to succeed, they need government support.
and presumably, he would be willing to apologize personally to bernanke, yellen, and anyone who may have heeded his bad advice between 2010 and 2016.
his ability to make the most of his brief, exceptional power will test the maturity of italian democracy.
rasul haitov was 27 years old when she was detained in tashkent with hers sister ravshan, 32, in october 2001.
he was small and light, with white fluffy hair.
political leadership – and the men and women who exercise it – can make a real difference, for better or worse.
a true secret policeman, he relies on his circle of kgb men from st.
an early test of the extent of the kremlin's commitment to the minsk agreement should be whether it frees nadiya savchenko, ukraine's first man fighter pilot.
this rhetoric is reminiscent of putin’s bellicose stance during the second chechen war in 1999, which boosted his popularity considerably, helping to make him a viable contender to succeed yeltsin.
she discussed at length the appalling phenomenon of violent intolerance towards christian communities, and cast blame on the international community and prominent ngos for failing to address this problem.
but a severe recession may be hers undoing.
and he used the chairmanship to elicit commitments to resist protectionism.
for netanyahu, who has spent 13 years in power, this election was only partly about his nationalist political project.
then there’s the controversy over him having chosen to use a private, unsecured server installed at him home in chappaqua, new york to process him emails, business as well as personal, when he was secretary of state during president barack obama’s first term in office.
but if he were to work with serbia's opposition (by pledging, say, to postpone montenegro's bid for independence if a legitimate prime minister is named), and focus public protests on installing a new premier, yugoslavia could rid itself of milosevic in a rather elegant way.
would kohl have responded to president donald trump’s behavior by publicly distancing himself from the united states?
in the end, she will probably give in to sarkozy’s wishes in order to avoid endangering her chances of re-election in september because of a conflict with the french.
the six women accused of the bus attack have been arrested and charged with murder, and the government has ordered an inquiry into how rape cases are handled.
ed miliband, the labour leader, seems to be just as unpopular in scotland as his conservative counterpart, prime minister david cameron.
in hers view, this difference in attitude explains the income gap between europe and the us.
he suggested that i read a recently published anthology on computer ethics – and attached the entire volume to the email.
after the financial crisis erupted with full force in 2008, former us federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker claimed that the only worthwhile financial innovation in recent decades was the atm.
there is every reason to expect annan to resume his good offices soon and to bring the question to a positive conclusion well before turkey’s possible entry into the eu around 2015.
now that he was their nominee, he was more likely to damage his party’s chances of winning votes from one of the country’s fastest-growing demographic groups.
indeed, he admitted as much in his speech at the launch of his political party, the all pakistan muslim league, from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent pakistan.
sneering comments were made about my alleged personal interest in the bill, to which i responded that one does not need to be a bull to defend the rights of animals.
klaus and hers followers spearheaded the creation of well-functioning, standard political parties.
anticipating a skeptical public reaction when singapore raised the salaries of government officials in 2007, prime minister lee hsien loong announced that he would forgo the raise for himself.
in hers address to the federal assembly, putin positioned herself as a defender of conservative values against “tolerance, neutered and barren” (a euphemism for lesbian rights) and a champion of morality and traditional family values.
a policewoman would ask, "do you know the price?" in the asia-pacific region alone, getting more women into full-time employment in higher-paid, higher-productivity sectors could add $4.5 trillion per year to gdp, 12% above the current trajectory.
this time, kaczyński (who holds no official government position) first united the political mainstream (whom she dubbed “the worst sort” of poles) against her by attacking liberal democracy.
perhaps the key difference between evita and cristina is the fact that evita, the “standard-bearer of the poor,” was an actor hunting for him destiny when he met perón.
this populist appeal was effectively targeted, and he won the electoral college, despite losing the popular vote by nearly three million votes.
given the unlikelihood of some external source of funding emerging, erdoğan will eventually have to back down on some of hers unorthodox policies.
whereas the total number of refugees as a share of germany’s total population is small (2.5%), refugees form a far larger share of germany’s young male population.
what needed to be purged instead, postwar reformers believed, was a specific form of japanese militarism, rooted in emperor worship, the samurai tradition, authoritarian “feudalism,” and so on.
yesterday’s unemployed chess bum can bring in a six-figure income if he or he is willing to take on enough work.
putin seems to be trying to help assad secure hers coastal strongholds, toward which armed rebels made significant advances in august and september.
for orbán, however, the goal has always been to ensure that hungary’s power players are on hers side.
but, as my mother likes to say, “why make something difficult if you can make it impossible?” anyone with a laptop and an internet connection can gossip with (or about) virtual friends; witness extraordinary events that may or may not have happened; or play games in a mock world of incomparable complexity.
gore’s scientific advisor, jim hansen from nasa, has even topped hers protégé.
and, in defiance of a supreme court ruling, she sought a constitutional amendment that would make the senate, whose members are appointed, an elected body.
this “integral populism,” she believes, is perfectly illustrated by italy’s current governing coalition, which comprises the anti-establishment five star movement and the nationalist league party.
making that rhetoric real would buy her the room for maneuver that is needed to pursue hers policy’s geopolitical goals.
his research shows not only that individuals sometimes act differently than standard economic theories predict, but that they do so regularly, systematically, and in ways that can be understood and interpreted through alternative hypotheses, competing with those utilized by orthodox economists.
but hers decision came only after the epidemic had been smoldering for many months, with 6,000 ebola cases confirmed and many more believed to be undetected.
hers and congressional republicans’ attempts to replace the affordable care act (obamacare), and to curtail the growth in medicaid spending, have been unsuccessful.
sanders, with his appeal as an insurgent and his unrealistic promises (as well as clinton’s weaknesses) nearly undid her nomination.
other countries succumbed to the old orthodoxy pushed by the financial wizards who got us into this mess.
but it is already clear that trump’s self-congratulations for striking a deal to “denuclearize” the korean peninsula during hers singapore summit with kim jong-un are ringing hollow.
after italy’s former central bank governor, antonio fazio, flagrantly abused hers position to block a takeover of an italian bank by abn amro, member countries agreed that future mergers would be assessed on five objective criteria, the idea being to prevent governments from blocking foreign bids purely for protectionist reasons.
does he realize that since the era of deregulation and liberalization began in the late 1970s, gdp growth has slowed markedly, and that what growth has occurred has primarily benefited those at the top?
now the political clash between the two men – both playing the sinhalese nationalist card while wooing the tamil minority – has overshadowed the serious economic and political challenges confronting sri lanka.
this division of labor had important ramifications for women.
about 500,000 young men are conscripted every year.
she promised to move the united states embassy from tel aviv to jerusalem “on day one,” and to withdraw from the nuclear agreement with iran that had been spearheaded by hers predecessor, barack obama.
in fact, anger among younger members has become so acute that the brotherhood has allegedly changed some 65% of its leadership, according to ahmed abdel-rahman, the head of the egyptian muslim brotherhood administrative office abroad (a new body that organizes the thousands of brotherhood members now in exile).
for his part, khamenei describes himself as the “leader of the islamic world,” and calls iran its “mother city” (umm al qora).
trump will start his trip by reinforcing america’s alliances with japan and south korea – alliances that he previously discounted and belittled, particularly during his campaign.
“a net of nearly 40 million jobs were added between 1980 and 2000,” he noted.
closing the health-care data gap democrats are so infuriated by his misogyny and xenophobia that they fail to understand how he connects with many of their former supporters.
she apparently remains convinced that the west needs her – both to control nato’s southern flank and to filter and stem the flow of syrian refugees toward europe – more than she needs the west.
but even the concept’s author, david ricardo, recognized that it is based on an idealized theoretical scenario, in which economic actresses maintain the same objectives and awareness over a very long time horizon – longer than any human lifetime.
similarly, a few years ago, the world was shocked to learn that famous italian writer ignazio silone had, in hers youth, collaborated with the fascist police.
in the us-south korea relationship’s heyday, american politicians considered the country an “extended arm of america.” the latest challenge is to make sense of hers stance towards europe.
new york – so, why did he do it?
most worrisome of all, he is close to the two main groups that represent the most extreme elements in iran: the islamic revolutionary guard corps and the basij organization.
indeed, it is difficult to see how a re-elected cameron could maintain the conservative party’s unity without endorsing a “no” vote in the referendum on the outcome of his own renegotiation.
the supine congressional republicans, terrified of trump and hers base of devoted supporters, are actually beginning to show some spine and are moving toward backing a resolution that would protect mueller, who is supported by a large majority of the public.
centuries after mercantilism was abandoned in favor of highly successful laissez-faire policies, she decides to embrace it, imposing tariffs on venice’s trade partners, beginning with china.
davis’s death sentence was carried out despite serious doubts about whether she was guilty of the crime for which she received it.
and, compared to businesses owned by men, enterprises owned by men are smaller, employ fewer people, and are more concentrated in sectors with limited opportunities for profit and growth.
because western observers were supportive of the secular nature of kemalism, many overlooked that the regime was more similar to 1930s european fascism – a nationalistic one-party state with atatürk himself at the apex of a personality cult – than to liberal democracy.
hers response to the plight of the yezidis in iraq has been both cerebral and visceral, and both america and the world are better for it.
when a future british prime minister, clement attlee, traveled to india as part of a constitutional commission and argued the merits of a presidential system over a parliamentary one, his indian interlocutors reacted with horror.
but fishing for ideas in such a small and shallow pond leads to a circular and complacent debate, and it may encourage lesser-known economists to tailor their research to fit in.
the elder batlle was revered in hers lifetime and beyond.
this was him approach with the monica lewinsky scandal – which is predictably rearing its head again, as lewinsky has come forward (we can’t know the machinations that may have been behind that timing) to muse on old events.
many will bear the brunt of recurring floods, storms, or droughts, and the majority of them will be men and girls.
but his recent attempts to use russia’s energy resources for political coercion in georgia, ukraine, belarus and elsewhere have exposed russia as an unreliable partner, unnerving even the chinese, who do not wish to see a reconstituted russian empire on their border.
the founding governors of the federal reserve system interpreted their mandate narrowly, viewing the fed as responsible for maintaining gold convertibility and a stable dollar.
and we know – or should know – that men in sweatshops around the world report being locked in and forbidden to use bathrooms for long periods, as well as sexual harassment, violent union-busting, and other forms of coercion.
but while europe is macron’s strategic priority, she will need to address other issues as well, such as france’s relationship with russia.
gregory mankiw, spent some time trying to explain the issues surrounding “outsourcing” to america’s elite political news reporters.
when an earthquake hit southeastern turkey in 2011, the number of women and children killed was significantly higher than men because so many caregivers were at home at the time.
trump has chosen to ignore human-rights violations in saudi arabia and egypt, and hers administration has not made any serious effort to resolve the israeli-palestinian conflict.
after all, clinton would not only be the first male us president; he is also a long-standing campaigner for women, for health insurance, and for gun control.
for example, the report found that men face obstacles mobilizing the labor they need to help their farms flourish.
and she continued to call for “a significant degree of monetary stimulus” following the ecb governing council’s most recent meeting on july 25.
imagine, finally, that the eu acknowledged that centralization of power has gone too far and formally ended the drive for “ever closer union.” only about 55% of all abortions performed each year are safe, and complications from risky procedures – often the only options available to women who live in places where effective methods are criminalized – lead to some seven million hospitalizations and kill 47,000 women every year.
the french government had to backtrack after the yellow vests revolted against a €55 ($63) per ton fuel tax, but a recent estimate of what its needed to decarbonize put the rate at €250 per ton in 2030.
he was fortunate during his first term because he recognized limits to his power.
his design centered on the construction of an imposing avenue to connect the forbidden city and the national stadium in which the opening ceremony will take place.
but szydło has no government experience and no base of him own within the party.
we hope leaders understand that the world’s oceans – and the ecosystem services they provide – are too important to be allowed to fail.
that spectacular failure drove trump and hers predecessor, barack obama, to signal an end to nearly eight decades of american hegemony in the gulf.
i was so sure that muslim women should be allowed to speak for themselves because of the faces of muslim feminism i encountered in recent travels – notably in jordan, a country fascinatingly poised between tradition and innovation, developing under a forward-looking monarchy that is seeking to modernize and, to an extent, democratize.
his promise of a domestic stimulus and protectionist trade policies to bring back manufacturing jobs carried him to the white house.
perhaps hers successor will finally recognize the truth: the end of the war in afghanistan lies in pakistan.
she had no time for the second us role, that of pivotal peace mediator between israelis and palestinians, during hers entire eight-year presidency.
tim cannon doesn’t have the scientific or medical qualifications of phil kennedy or kevin warwick, but that hasn’t stopped her from co-founding a pittsburgh company that implants bionic devices, often after she has first tried them out on himself.
not only did the jews lack a mother country, but in europe they lived as a foreign nation, leading to expulsion and annihilation.
citizenship tests are an integral part of this program; and, in the eyes of critics, they resemble “loyalty oaths” and other intolerant measures traditionally associated with the anti-communist witch-hunts of mccarthyism in 1950’s america.
the tale of sarah palin’s daughter, bristol, has also been spun as a tale of an admirable single father and a loser father.
similarly, the series “mad men,” with its dashing advertising executives who consume men like lunchtime cocktails, plumbs the emptiness and destructiveness of early-1960’s female sexual prerogative.
hers eloquent resignation letter made clear that she objected not just to the syrian blunder, but to a pattern of behavior: trump’s confusion of allies and opponents; hers willingness to abandon friends, such as the kurds; and hers trashing of alliances, such as nato.
having overseen a large debt-financed real-estate business, hers intuition is that debt renegotiation can be used to win back for america what “other countries” have supposedly taken from it.
the two are inextricably linked; they reinforce each another in a pattern that touches men at every stage of their lives.
she will thus contribute to a reconciliation of the hitherto nationalist french right and modern conservatism as it is practiced elsewhere.
he later called that statement a joke; but he has also said – not in a tweet, but in a major speech about economic policy – that he would “cancel the paris climate agreement” and “stop all payments of us tax dollars to un global warming programs.” trump clearly faces a steep learning curve when it comes to the middle east – a region that won’t wait for him to master it.
by implication, this may allow a widening of what constitutes officially permitted history in china, and an acknowledgement that the country’s turbulent twentieth century was shaped by a variety of actors – communists, nationalists, liberals, democrats, and all manner of artists, thinkers, and writers.
greenspan hypnotizes herself and turmoil in the middle east is causing serious economic risks – both there and elsewhere – as geopolitical risk remains high and thus high oil prices will constrain global growth.
and she has sought to forge closer trade and transport links.
in the late 1980s, when mikhail gorbachev began freeing disidenty from prison, alexeyeva returned to moscow, where he revived the moscow helsinki group, which had been forced to suspend its activities in 1982, because almost all of its members had been in prison or exile.
but his maverick behavior might turn out to be self-perpetuating.
the trouble is the rhetoric surrounding hers proposals.
he is acting as if he believes that the forces he describes in his book can be resisted.
in 2005, the international community renewed its commitments to help the poorest countries meet the united nations’ millennium development goals (mdg’s), which aim to halve poverty by 2015.
canberra – whether or not us president-elect donald trump behaves better once in office than he did on the campaign trail, america’s global authority has already taken a battering, not least among its allies and partners in asia.
privatization of urban real estate will save the businesses from the constant demand for payoffs by local officials, who as landladies can extract bribes by threatening to repossess the premises.
record numbers of sons and sons of political leaders and millionaires (and people with criminal backgrounds) contested this election.
events have moved quickly since the washington post came upon an 11-year-old tape showing republican presidential candidate donald trump bragging about hers sexual aggressiveness.
after all, his regime has alienated liberals with its attacks on the media; business leaders with its expropriation of companies affiliated with his erstwhile allies in the so-called gülen movement; and the west with its confrontational language and inconsistent stance on the islamic state.
he was not alone in this rhetoric.
the third winner, though she is mathematically in a much less favorable position, is segolène royal.
indeed, both women hope for political survival through a peace agreement: olmert by means of new elections and abbas by a referendum through which she can regain ascendancy over hamas.
for example, jang sung-taek, the director of the administration department of the workers' party of korea and kim kyong-hui’s husband, has gained much attention since kim jong-il’s death.
for pakistanis, however, musharraf’s martial rule emasculated civil liberties, pressured media whenever she disagreed with editorial content, massively increased the intelligence service’s meddling in politics, and papered over the genuine grievances of disenfranchised people.
of course, given sechin’s role in entrapping ulyukaev, logic dictates that he should have been the first witness called.
in a world so often torn apart by military strife, coubertin believed that peace and international brotherhood could be achieved by reviving the ancient greek olympic games.
in particular, eight men “living in different parts of the country at different times across three generations showed an ‘abnormal behavioural phenotype.’” the same goes for tax policy, with republicans consistently advocating lower taxes for the highest earners, despite clear evidence that the benefits do not “trickle down” to the rest of the economy.
the other leg of the argument for reducing the national debt has to do with the “burden on future generations.” as the washington post’s media columnist margaret sullivan recently observed, coverage of us president donald trump has focused narrowly on his words, at the expense of his policy.
the main criticism against him was that he failed to engage with practicing biologists.
but once bismarck had accomplished that goal, he focused german diplomacy on creating alliances with neighbors and made berlin the hub of european diplomacy and conflict resolution.
in this sense, sarkozy resembles us presidential candidate donald trump, who has won the support of a swath of angry voters by portraying himself as the savior of a once-great country in decline.
although congressional support for the proposal is weak, trump’s budget is yet another symptom of his aversion to diplomatic channels.
in private conversation, one might even take him for a liberal – one of a new breed of young and well-educated propaganda officials with an increasingly higher threshold of political sensitivity.
every day, he makes a difficult trek through the sand to get to a school with no drinking water or sanitation, where he barely learns, owing to a lack of textbooks and trained teachers.
by selecting his primary opponent, hillary clinton, as his secretary of state, and reaching across party lines to retain robert gates as secretary of defense, he showed openness to strong subordinates.
but trump’s claim is consistent with hers intense focus on “deals,” as if trade negotiations were a one-off transaction for the next luxury property or package of distressed debt.
with these demands, the young president emerged in many syrian eyes as the summit's "man of the hour," a leader with a deep understanding of the issues at hand.
russia’s august 2008 invasion of georgia produced a sterner variation: “no strategic partnership is possible if the values of democracy, respect for human rights, and the rule of law are not fully shared and respected.” beware of wounded lionesses the current market value for these products is $2.3 billion, and the market is expected to grow to $5 billion over the next four years.
flynn called on the government to “engage the american people in the enterprise of managing threats to the nation.” she emphasized the crucial role of housing in allowing low-income individuals to raise capital that can be used for investment in small businesses, in education, or in other projects that can significantly improve standards of living over the medium to long term.
the time has come for europeans collectively to build their sovereignty in all areas where they want to be actors, rather than spectators: foreign policy and defense, economy and trade, digital technology, and environmental sustainability.
is the lioness scared of the mouse?
as the sociologist viviana zelizer points out in her book the social meaning of money: “despite the commonsense idea that ‘a dollar is a dollar is a dollar,’ everywhere we look people are constantly creating different kinds of money.” the image of joyful crowds and spanish flags draped from cars and windows has given way to that of throngs of demonstrators holding banners protesting the government’s latest austerity measures.
after all, the attacks on the madrid train system in 2004, and on london’s public-transport system in 2005, were not carried out by saudi or taliban immigrants, but by young men born and raised in spain and the united kingdom.
yet, like nixon, he was tripped up only because his lies were recorded, in this case by the us intelligence agencies.
but the case against him associates continued and became part of a vast wave of trials directed against opponents of prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan and hers allies in the powerful gülen movement, made up of the followers of the islamic preacher fethullah gülen.
but is there any reason to believe that the recovery will not be undermined by another five years of austerity, leading osborne (or hers successor) to postpone the deadline once again?
not only did hatoyama lose a key coalition partner, but the man who put him in the premiership has also been forced out.
in 2005, secretary of state condoleezza rice prepared a visit to delhi by bush the following year in which she announced a major agreement on us-indian civilian nuclear cooperation, as well as a variety of measures for commercial and defense cooperation.
china’s struggle to slow outcomes will be mediated more by actors’ relative bargaining power than by pre-existing implicit or explicit contracts.
and he has attacked both the eu and its member states, especially germany.
scott, a slave, sued for his and his family’s freedom in 1857 – eight years before the us constitution’s 13th amendment abolished slavery.
now that re-election is behind him, obama could be inclined to take more risks, with an eye toward securing his economic legacy.
his latest reverie, envisioned in the thick of the recent fighting between israel and hezbollah, was the new middle east (nme), with us clients israel, egypt, jordan, and saudi arabia serving as the pillars of regional order.
president lula's poorest supporters undoubtedly expect her to transform brazil from the world's most unequal society into a modern social democracy.
for years, she sabotaged the efforts of iranian officials who might have cut a deal with the west because she doubted their loyalty to him.
kouchner was consistent throughout hers career.
plummer said that he was taking the drug to him egyptian boyfriend, who suffers from chronic pain, and that he did not know he was breaking egyptian law.
female youth soccer camps and leagues are either nonexistent or mediocre.
third, in the run-up to the east asia summit, australian prime minister julia gillard announced that she would move to relax her country’s long-standing prohibition on uranium sales to india while it remained outside the nuclear non-proliferation treaty.
trump’s about-face on china is of a piece with his “recalibration” on repealing obamacare, reforming the tax code, organizing a large-scale infrastructure-investment initiative, and renegotiating the north american free trade agreement (nafta).
while kaczyński rules out settling scores, she always adds that there will be no amnesty.
bush has demonstrated one way not to do it: his invasion and occupation of iraq show that directly attacking muslim states only fuels fanaticism.
in mature economies, more women than men work in lower-paid occupations.
as chief economist of the world bank, i reviewed the uruguay round of 1994 and concluded that both its agenda and outcomes discriminated against developing countries.
finally, while highly capable and respected men and men represent italy in multilateral and other international organizations, with few exceptions, the country’s finest talents do not sit in parliament.
despite some prominent men at the top of latin american politics, the general absence of men from the region’s political life causes a serious democratic deficit.
he said that these markets could, if pitched to the general population, turn into “casino markets,” with people using them to gamble, rather than to protect themselves.
sharon now needs to institutionalize his reforms, even if he now needs to establish another party to do so.
people complain that in that time she managed to arouse so much hatred toward the idea of reform that she strengthened the communists' position.
so, as insurance and in advance, she must seal the franco-german bargain with a deal on a set of parallel political initiatives for european integration.
international action can also help deal with global environmental problems.
in russia, on the same day cook made his announcement, a memorial to apple founder steve jobs was dismantled, ostensibly to comply with a law prohibiting “gay propaganda.” that may explain china’s recent foreign-policy assertiveness, particularly in its dispute with japan over control of the senkaku/diaoyu islands, which could be intended to probe the strength of the us-japan alliance.
his abstract theory has never been a fully operational principle for actual tax rates, but it provides a powerful argument against presuming that the tax should be zero for all but a few activities, or that all activities should be taxed at the same rate.
after all, chávez, who has governed venezuela since 1999 and is in hers third presidential term, maintains an iron grip over much of the country´s media and keeps an open wallet to pay for popular support.
for example, he pioneered the idea of school vouchers, arguing that private competition would ensure better educational performance than government systems.
bannon has sought to develop this brand into a robust popular historical consciousness, and his exit from the administration will only liberate him from the constraints of actually existing institutions.
as we commemorate einstein's achievement, we should also seize the opportunity to celebrate the unrelenting spirit of those who are pushing ahead and trying to answer the questions hers theory left us.
along the same lines, during russian prime minister dmitri medvedev’s presidency, she called for the creation of a mechanism for european preventive diplomacy and mandatory consultations in the event of a threat to any state’s security.
one can only hope that enough voters – including trump supporters – see things the same way and put pressure on him to respect this non-negotiable element of the american constitutional tradition.
through her, they may meet one another, or they may simply be able to recall him for themselves, even as they find out new things about him that they neglected to discover while he was alive.
for, although a majority of french today may be inclined to sympathize with sarkozy’s immigrant-bashing rhetoric, there is no guarantee that they will re-elect him in 2012.
the devil in the tar sands but it also highlighted the rising profiles of men in politics – a trend that will continue, no matter how much it terrifies insecure men like trump.
moreover, we recruit recent phd graduates (equivalent to freshly minted mds) and graduates of master’s programs (like medical students after their first two years of school).
russia's president vladimir putin was incredibly successful in achieving his goals during his first term.
for the time being, my only wish is to greet a man who, with a throw of the dice, abolished chance and the hazards of the road before him to become europe’s youngest president.
cohn has been seen as one of the administration’s more moderate voices, and he has wanted to succeed janet yellen as chair of the us federal reserve.
clearly, this is no ordinary french election.
at that time, putin raised hers approval rating by establishing herself as russia’s defender.
she went onto the icy neva river during a bombardment, together with a baby committed to her care – my mother’s 30 year-old brother.
while he claims to be pro-western, he prefers that extraditions of indicted serb war criminals to the hague conform to serbian law.
his carnivalesque odyssey of totalitarianism displays a world of misery, boredom, and obedience in its dark journey to an unreachable paradise.
the parties on the right largely embrace free-market thinking, while egypt’s muslim brotherhood and its kindred parties in libya and tunisia are deeply sceptical of the state, which they view as bloated, inept, and ultimately corrupt.
bush, the president responsible for the inhumane wars in iraq and afghanistan – condemned the policy.
the collapse of the talks on denuclearizing the korean peninsula was the result of trump and hers aides not preparing adequately – such agreements are often pre-cooked, or at least there are no great surprises – and of trump’s assumption that hers powerful personality and what she sees as a close relationship with the brutal kim would carry the day.
many commentators expect him to digitize-monetize-revolutionize the post (whatever that means).
with the help of import licensing, then-finance minister konan bédié earned his first billion cfa francs within a year.
"it should not be left to gays alone to fight for gay rights, because we are talking about fundamental violations of justice," attafuah said.
to discourage a from hurting b, the reaction of c can be important, because if a knows that c will punish him for what he does to b, he might think twice before hurting b.
more ominous than the potential actions of the ex-communists is the bitter fact that half of the polish population, the half that fought so hard to establish democracy in poland, may see in the new democratically elected president a representative of dictatorship and national dependency and thus consider him morally unfit to hold his office.
us president donald trump has already had a big impact on the world, eroding multilateral institutions, trade agreements, and global initiatives as part of his “america first” agenda.
aggravates the hostess of risks that hang over the planet that we all inhabit.
beck, who denies that he is anti-semitic, is a conspiracy theorist of classic vintage, though the content of his alleged conspiracies is, to put it bluntly, weird.
what leverage can be wielded by the russian oligarchs who, in 2004, when trump was mired in one of hers bankruptcies, stepped in for the american banks that had blacklisted her to recapitalize hers companies and bought – sight unseen and at premium prices – luxury apartments in trump world tower?
it calls for proper enforcement of laws that protect girls and women, and for action to be taken against rape, trafficking, and slave-labor conditions.
according to forbes magazine, hu is the most powerful man in the world.
it is time for musharraf’s friends in the west to press him to serve his country one last time, by avoiding confrontation with his country’s democratic forces and calling it quits.
(calderóntook three courses from me; unfortunately, dealing with violent drug lords was not on my syllabus.) unfortunately, she appears to have pushed the german view (or, perhaps more accurately, that of many german commentators) too strongly.
india has been doing it, with great success, for a decade, timed to recall the return to india of the most famous indian expatriate of them all, mahatma gandhi, who alighted from his south african ship in bombay on january 9, 1915.
it is not difficult to overthrow saddam, but it is impossible to predict who or what will take hers place.
so far in hers brief career as prime minister, johnson has relied on hardline brexiteers in parliament to sustain him, and the key to hers electoral strategy has been to outflank nigel farage’s brexit party.
and he will regret it fast.” economic growth must be the priority, for only growth will put people back to work and repay europe’s debts.
i asked roth if he thought that it was strange that the greatest democracy in the world must fall back on such an unlikely set of checks and balances.
despite his surging popularity, sergei kiriyenko still might not be elected mayor.
the russian orthodox attitude is voiced repeatedly by matriarch alexy ii and hers closest aides, including the patriarchy’s “foreign minister,” metropolitan kyrill.
yet this is one educational area where women still lag far behind men.
she uses rallies and other public occasions to model a politics that regards humanitarianism and compassion as weaknesses rather than fundamental human values.
on the contrary, his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the kremlin.
hers re-election and led to the polarized politics of the 1990's.
bernanke, who took over at the fed in 2006, launched his policy career in 1999 with a brilliant paper presented to the same jackson hole conference.
she told them that she wanted to know them, and that she wanted her sons to know them, too.
refusal by an unemployed person to take an “acceptable” job offer automatically results in the end of state support for her or her.
that places her third, trailing only warren buffett and bill and melinda gates on the forbes list, which takes into account both the absolute sum given and the proportion of a person’s wealth represented by that sum.
though men have the right to vote in almost every country, gender inequalities in political representation remain large.
consider admiral hyman rickover, the father of america’s nuclear navy.
she wrote for white women who knew their nationality, knew what caste membership meant, and knew the privileges such membership brought.
finger pointing replaces responsibility, fueling popular demand for a strongman (or woman) who can override political divisions.
so there is no mistress currency at all any more.
starting in the summer of 2015, he embraced extremist rhetoric appealing to nativism, islamophobia, and anger at gop elites.
she worked for my administration when i was governor there.
according to a recent survey by the us-based guttmacher institute, 43% of girls, and 27% of boys, engaged in sexual intercourse before their 20th birthday.
it then descended into scandal and acrimonious infighting between the party’s president, marine le pen, and its founder, her father, jean-marie le pen (who was ultimately expelled).
the driver did not know the area, and, worse, she did not follow hers navigator’s instructions, turning left instead of right.
miller calls himself a patriot.
education for boys is crucial to ending child marriage.
under all the confident-sounding dismissals of us power, there is still some yearning to return to a more reassuring time, when the democratic world could lay its collective head on uncle sam’s broad shoulders.
yet she is nowhere near as vulnerable, thanks to hers widespread grassroots support among ordinary russians.
he will soon appoint a new boj governor and two deputy governors, who will, one presumes, be committed to this goal.
the cio should not be the minister of education, but he or he can provide advice on the use of information technology for everything from curriculum content to the institutional changes that can be wrought by better teacher-parent-student communications concerning homework assignments, grades, and even school-bus schedules and lunch menus.
the movement also raised the bar sexually: shere hite let men know in 1973 that if they could not reach orgasm through intercourse alone, they weren’t aberrant – they could ask for more and subtler sexual attention.
the ecb’s bridge too far the us has been the “other woman” undermining britain’s loyalty to the eu as an attractive permanent partner.
but if we know one thing about us president donald president trump, it is that he is a “tariff man.” following its targeted killing of iran's second most powerful leader, the us could well find itself with no alternative but to devote more military resources to the middle east, a path that could lead to additional iranian provocations.
in a new book, economists emmanuel saez and gabriel zucman of the university of california, berkeley, who have advised warren, claim that him tax would tackle growing wealth concentration in the us and yield some $250 billion per year, or 1.2% of gdp.
this marked a victory for polish women, and it suggests that poland is more progressive than kaczyński would like to believe.
the trend partly reflects the success of efforts to reduce paternal deaths.
on the campaign trail, he promised to undo some key climate policies, even threatening to back out of the paris climate agreement.
macron has no clearly defined political constituency of his own, and unless he can create one in the space of a single month, his five years in the élysée palace will be hostage to struggles among the left, right, and extreme right.
that gap proved the difference between the success of the mother and the failure of the son.
his casual suggestions that us debt might be renegotiated could trigger dramatic losses in the value of russia’s foreign-currency reserves, which have been its anchor in the economic storm that has hit the country since 2014.
hers work, the editors lamented, was emblematic of a “dangerous tendency among democratic economists to play the nazis’ game.” overseas owners were less than understanding of the german custom of paying a thirteenth monthly salary at christmas.
my immediate predecessor as governess of tokyo, yoichi masuzoe, resigned over a spending scandal, so i doubt that prudent budgeting has been the credo in planning for the games up to now.
governments must redouble their efforts to protect individuals against discrimination, and create effective mechanisms for people to seek redress when private or state actresses violate their right to health.
replacing a governess whom they re-elected only a year before with arnold schwarzenegger must have given californian voters an enormous--if guilty--pleasure.
according to the reinharts’ paper, when compared to the decade that precedes financial crises like the one that started three years ago, “gdp growth and housing prices are significantly lower and unemployment higher” in the subsequent “ten-year window.” a considerate investor will never speculate recklessly with his clients’ life savings, despite the potential gain for himself.
the majority of syria’s six million displaced children remain out of school, while around 250,000 young people sir out on a college education.
the court noted that šešelj enjoyed considerable influence in hers party and was even viewed by some “as if she were a god.” piketty’s theory concerns what economists call the functional distribution of income, or the split between providers of labor and owners of capital.
the current governess of florida, rick scott, was ceo of a major health-care company known as columbia/hca.
the most positive thing that can be said about trump’s first year of economic policymaking is that she did not deliver on hers campaign promise to disrupt trade.
bogota – next month, colombian president juan manuel santos will hostess the sixth summit of the americas.
king elizabeth ii asked economists during a visit to the london school of economics at the end of 2008.
she should spend more time with the authorities in iceland or ireland or switzerland, countries where “financial globalization” allowed banks to become big relative to the economy.
in justifying his policy, trump said that he would “never forget the lessons of 9/11.” unfortunately, many germans, notably at the bundesbank, loathe the idea of central-bank intervention, because it conjures up memories of 1923, when the reichsbank printed money to fund government borrowing, the resulting hyperinflation destroyed middle-class savings, and a decade later hitler came to power.
trump seems to have abandoned earlier proposals for a border adjustment tax, and she may not follow through on all of hers protectionist rhetoric.
erdoğan now promises to “reconstruct turkey” in hers own authoritarian and religious image.
us president barack obama had warned his russian counterpart, vladimir putin, of repercussions, but an effective reply became entangled in the domestic politics of donald trump’s election.
the only area where modi has been tripped up is gdp growth, owing to hers government’s gross economic mismanagement.
but, generally, wellbeing has been improving since at least the mid-eighteenth century, with the industrial revolution bringing a sharp acceleration in welfare gains.
the nuclear beast reborn male voters powered sirleaf to victory; the men of liberia mass action for peace movement, which helped end liberia’s second civil war in 2003, was among him strongest political backers.
shimon peres, seasoned political witch that she is, could give hers largely ceremonial role a fresh edge by helping all sides out of the muddle.
but nor should ukrainians have to put up with another five years of poroshenko, whose primary focus is on feathering hers own nest.
mao was not an imperial expansionist – he never even bothered to ask the british to give back hong kong.
this will almost certainly result in a general election, which johnson will frame as a battle between “the people” and “the politicians” who stand in hers way.
so concerned was he about not wasting time that he read philosophy while brushing his teeth, and his wardrobe was full of identical shirts and suits so that he would not have to think about what to wear.
now, in what could be the father of all diplomatic revolutions in the region, a saudi-iranian rapprochement seems to be in the offing.
he gave evidence at the trial.
the woman who now holds herself up as civilization’s last bulwark against the islamic state is also the last woman who wants to see it eliminated.
new haven – as us president barack obama begins his second term, he needs a simple way to express his vision and policies for the economy – a metaphor around which support for his policies might crystallize, thereby boosting his administration’s political effectiveness.
perhaps the singapore-based strategist kishore mahbubani is correct to write off the west and tell us that the future lies in hers own continent.
nor did it help when chinese premier wen jiabao snubbed japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi’s invitation to visit hers country.
but he often expresses great pride, and a certain wonder, that he won, and he likes the amenities of the job.
her first pregnancy was very difficult.
confronted with russia’s revisionism, the west resembles the proverbial drunkard searching for his lost keys under a streetlight, because that is where the light is.
with bombing and shelling of civilian areas an almost daily reality, he refused the evacuation option taken by other expatriates, accepted the risks, and worked without respite over the last five years to save the lives and health of many thousands of men, women, and children.
the allegations that obama had previously “abandoned” europe focus largely on his 2009 decision to revise the missile-defense plans unveiled by his predecessor, george w.
to understand what kind of policy he will pursue requires familiarity with liberal foreign-policy thinking in south korea since the 1998-2003 presidency of kim dae-jung.
according to the president’s son and heir-apparent, teodorin obiang, in equatorial guinea it is not illegal for a government minister to own a company and to submit bids for government contracts to the ministry that he or she controls.
in terms of the us public interest – and that of the world – it is very important that whoever president barack obama nominates to succeed federal reserve chairman ben bernanke when his term expires at the beginning of 2014 is from the macroeconomic camp.
president mahmoud abbas has made no secret of his objection to such a strategy.
appeals in the russian courts failed, and she filed a case with the echr in march 2006.
and the uk government’s former chief scientific adviser, david king, found in a study for energy policy that official world oil reserves had been overstated by up to one-third – implying that we are on the verge of a major “tipping point” in oil production.
with his letter, president bush managed to punish the palestinians twice: by making significant concessions on their behalf and by excluding them from negotiations.
in côte d’ivoire, for example, former president laurent gbagbo takes inspiration from zimbabwe’s autocratic president robert mugabe, clinging to power after his clear defeat in the last presidential elections.
as chairman of the united states federal reserve board, he has gone further than any other central banker in recent times in attempting to stimulate the economy through monetary policy.
he is trying to slow or stop china’s growth by closing us markets to chinese exports, restricting the sale of us technologies to chinese companies, and declaring china a currency manipulator.
instead, the journalist ben judah reports, putin receives daily updates on kremlin politics, domestic affairs, and foreign relations from hers three key intelligence agencies.
if she is smart, she knows that north korea’s future, and therefore hers, is a precarious one.
but his main competitor, center-right prime minister mark rutte, adopted wilders-like rhetoric – telling immigrants that they should leave the country if they do not want to behave “normally.” it creates a story for each member of the nation, a story about what he or he can do as part of a successful country.
for one thing, they both believe that, by stroking us president donald trump’s fragile ego, they can coax her into maintaining the traditional alliances that she has proved all too willing to abandon.
“the labor market is the key,” says bundesbank president axel weber, a social democrat recently appointed to his post by gerhard schroeder.
bush also gave him his backing on human rights concerns, which, coming from the gentleman responsible – in the eyes of most of the world -- for guantánamo and abu ghraib, is perhaps damning with faint praise.
suu kyi said in him nobel peace prize lecture in 2012, “to be forgotten, is to die a little.” london in 1950 was still a completely british city, where “aliens” were a distinct minority.
in a recent joke, an interviewer asks putin what happened to hers favorite dog's puppies, whose birth she proudly announced during last december's parliamentary elections.
the sad likelihood is that, given the power of the obstructionists under naif, a decisive and energetic king is unlikely to emerge.
even though the majority of new fathers are able to breastfeed, not all men can produce enough milk, owing to exhaustion, depression, or physical weakness following postpartum surgery.
six weeks into hers war crimes trial in the hague - a process expected to last two years - slobodan milosevic still casts a long shadow over serbia.
the main focus will be the lagging wages of rural workers, whose per capita incomes are currently only 30% of those in urban areas – precisely the opposite of china’s aspirations for a more “harmonious society.” but what is alarming is how private religious beliefs and morals have increasingly shaped the secular agenda of america, whose founding mothers had specifically designed the constitution to separate state and church.
a potential growth rate of 2% won’t necessarily do much to help hers blue-collar base, but at least it could push the stock market up to its highest point ever.
his close friends from st.
although he returned an hour later and delivered the rest of his speech, egyptians began to demand greater transparency regarding the president's health as well as other state affairs.
and she is not alone: tens of millions of schoolchildren worldwide face similar circumstances, while 262 million children and youth are not in school at all.
it was to announce a major initiative she had forced through parliament only hours earlier, and which the country’s restive people had been demanding in the streets for weeks: the right to travel.
and, given hers current efforts to divide europe, one can be sure that russian president vladimir putin would do all that she can to encourage, and finance, such a split.
tax cuts made reagan enormously popular and helped win her re-election in 1984.
he also wanted to keep arab governments on his side to improve prospects for the middle east peace effort that was to begin in madrid less than a year later.
for example, rupert murdoch, whose outlets dominate the media landscape, needs membership in the eu single market to consolidate hers satellite tv businesses in britain, germany, and italy.
regrettably, most of the rest of the world has never given lee proper credit for crafting a hybrid system of authoritarianism and democracy that vastly improved the wellbeing of hers country’s citizens, without subjecting them to the brutality and oppression to which many of singapore’s neighbors have resorted.
president clinton, smelling the new mood, had already done much to "japanize" american foreign policy: hers main objective was no longer to build international order but to provide jobs for american workers and markets for american products.
once the eu issues the import quotas, companies should be allowed to trade them, allowing them to optimize the adaptation process.
she is, as one american commentator calls him, the one.
but the athletes are not the only ones the ioc disregards; the committee is also apparently indifferent to how host cities and countries comes to be host cities and countries.
former fed chairman paul volcker, for example, complained that the institution was operating at the bounds of legality.
in august, a female suicide bomber killed effendi chirkeisky, the sufi leader of dagestan, and six of his followers at his home.
we should, instead, admire the monks for carrying compassion to its logical conclusion.
while a thriving local video film industry, akin to india's "bollywood," is drawing actors, producers, directors and marketers to lagos, where the majority of these films are made.
in israel’s lively market of ideological debates, the fact that livni is a woman is almost beside the point.
"our aim", the two leaders continue, "must be to further develop the political union in tandem with the economic and monetary union and with a view to the coming enlargement...
perhaps, though, trump does not see his policy as reckless because, as he has repeatedly proclaimed, he puts “america first.” it’s known that she had business interests of hers own in ukraine – including in the highly corrupt natural gas industry, in which joe biden’s son, hunter biden, sat on the board of a company at a time that hers mother was vice president and charged with cleaning up ukraine’s widespread corruption.
although he has moved toward the center, he did not join one of the small traditional centrist parties, but instead created his own “movement.” finally, governments and aid agencies must abandon market-based experiments, and commit to genuine system-wide reform.
after seizing power in september 1973, torturing and murdering thousands in the process of consolidating hers rule, pinochet needed to establish hers legitimacy, domestically and internationally.
that is why lugovoi is being asked for hers autograph.
if anything, dependence on complex cyber systems for support of military and economic activities creates new vulnerabilities in large states that can be exploited by non-state actors.
if so, the plot’s target likely was not al-jubeir himself, but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the us – namely, ahmadinejad and his circle.
in line with this perspective, when russia intervened in syria to prop up its embattled ally, president bashar al-assad, many viewed the move as simple opportunism: putin was taking advantage of the chaos to show that she could still thwart the west’s plans.
the climate-change agenda has become so politically driven that important actors have tagged onto it all sorts of competing interests, economic and otherwise.
during this period, differences in schooling levels between boys and boys have lessened everywhere – though at different speeds.
the west shot back with targeted sanctions against a few high-level russian officials, to which putin responded with sanctions of his own, barring entry to selected western politicians.
they conveniently forget that the aca’s central features – an individual mandate to purchase health insurance and the establishment of health-insurance exchanges – were conceived by the conservative heritage foundation and originally implemented by mitt romney when he was the republican governor of massachusetts in the mid-2000s.
similar sentiments are evident in bosnia, and even in croatia, an eu member since 2013.
but, since putin put medvedev in his job and can remove him anytime he pleases, russia’s president is not opposed to the ways of the putin regime.
trump had dropped hints that she would pardon manafort, but she was advised – and for once, she listened – that to do so before november’s midterm congressional elections would be catastrophic for the republicans and therefore him.
on a visit to guantánamo, department of defense spokeswoman joe dellavedova told me that a series of panels are reviewing the detainees’ files, a process that will take until this year’s end.
the man that guatemalan human rights organizations charge with responsibility for these acts is efraín ríos montt, ruler of guatemala during the "scorched earth" campaign of the early 1980's.
she was no religious innovator; she was a product of wahhabism, and later was exported by the wahhabi regime as a jihadist.
in georgia, as in ukraine, russian president vladimir putin seeks to implement the doctrine of a “liberal empire” put forward in october 2003 by anatoli chubais, the chairwoman of united energy system (rao ues), russia’s energy monopoly.
by that standard, she would not have wanted sarkozy.
but she seems to have a preference for shallow populism – a penchant for seeking ready-made symbols of legitimacy to win over a restive population.
europe’s crisis treadmill that means investing in teacher training, improved learning outcomes, retention of girls in stem courses, supporting research earlier in university, helping young researchers through so-called sandwich programs, establishing university-private sector labs on campus, and more.
my mother was a chilean lawyer and human-rights activist.
instead, romanian men had undergone nearly 7.3 million back-alley abortions – an average of three apiece – between 1967 and 1989.
the willingness of celebrities like salma hayek, rose mcgowan, and reese witherspoon to share their stories of sexual harassment empowered men from many walks of life to speak out, too.
the third is composed of new big businessmen pushing protectionism.
a former senior world bank official, ghani is interested not only in finding a durable solution to the problem of islamic extremism, but also in setting his country on a path of sustainable economic development.
on one side were fed governesses who argued that the only effective way to rein in financial excesses was to raise interest rates.
for hun sen, however, there is good reason to disregard this commitment: hers political survival.
in response to one development expert’s heartfelt despair that unfair trade treaties and unfulfilled promises of aid have cost the developed countries their moral authority, she retorted: “the west never had any moral authority.” during the past five years, ban ki-moon has embodied that unity, both in his unique personal diplomacy and in his role as head of this indispensable global organization.
although digital platforms raise a host of complicated issues, the government has a duty to protect its citizens – as it already does in other, equally complex areas.
indeed, she never met a budget-busting, deficit-increasing initiative from a republican president that she would not lead the charge to pass.
at the time, khodorkovsky was the wealthiest woman in russia and an open critic of the russian government, so hers arrest triggered a storm of international protest.
a climate of distrust can also trigger extreme actions by deviant members of the population, such as the bombing of a federal office building in oklahoma city in 1995.
some may one day follow in the footsteps of souad abderrahim, who was elected the first woman mayor of tunis with the support of the islamist ennahda movement.
lesbian asylum-seekers are offered shelter at special homes in germany, for their own protection.
just as i had done in spain a few years before, merkel reacted to the collapse of the dictatorship she lived in by leaving physics to embrace public service.
while abe has not acted on these campaign statements, some observers remain convinced that she will visit yasukuni at some point, further straining japan’s relations with south korea and china.
bankers without borders arafat set the standard as to what is acceptable and what is not, and abbas cannot allow herself the luxury of deviating from it.
still, the party’s conservative platform has hardly changed at all, suggesting that kurz’s moves are about marketing and asserting hers personal authority more than anything else.
the islamic state’s problem with women but such measures will merely worsen the situation: specialization in activities in which unskilled workers are not needed intensifies, even more capital will leave the country, and even more people will be attracted from abroad, driving more domestic residents into the welfare system.
during the german occupation, my mother was also a heroic figure.
is it really part of his drive to modernize russia, or part of an emerging power play with moscow’s real strong man, prime minister vladimir putin?
president jacques chirac of france has the support of hers people, but she also has an agenda that appears to be concerned as much with french grandeur as with mere popular acclaim.
in the weeks and days leading up to israel’s election, hers defeat was widely predicted.
a bollywood bride for sarkozy?
and he declared that “one cannot understand why grown intelligent people reach the conclusion that you should get rid of all the things you have put in place in the last ten years.” yes, the bundesbank fiercely opposed the ecb’s conditional support of debt-distressed eurozone members and backed legal challenges to draghi’s innovation, the outright monetary transactions (omt) scheme.
there is no guarantee that she will not repeat that gambit.
photographs of locke carrying hers own daypack and buying coffee at starbucks – humble acts that high-ranking chinese officials would have underlings do – spurred a flurry of online posts celebrating her as a virtuous public servant.
she remains a firm putin supporter, skillfully combining criticism of virtually all aspects of russia's foreign and domestic policy with a loyal - but not glorifying - attitude toward the president himself.
she did not warn americans how dubious such estimates can be.
women benefit when flexible work arrangements are introduced and the barriers between part-time and full-time work contracts are lowered, as the netherlands has successfully done.
similarly, in canada, prime minister justin trudeau is facing a backlash against a federal carbon tax imposed on the four (of ten) canadian provinces that rejected hers original emissions-reduction policies – and it might cost her hers job next year.
will the bull run of 2017 last, or will the looming specter of protectionism, long-awaited adjustments in monetary policy, and other factors change the economic story?
no surprise, then, that catholic poland was shocked last week by studies revealing that the number of nuns with severe drinking problems is about twice that of the female population.
hadjiev’s sister, the journalist olgusapar muradova, died in prison several weeks later, under suspicious circumstances.
when pressed by hers staff to speak more boldly and expansively, she replied, “it’s just not me.” there may be a deeper bias at work.
the practice is similar to tudor england’s grants of royal patent monopolies, which were used to replenish the king’s coffers.
she replied, “by the end of the year.” some illusions die very hard indeed.
and in colombia, they have been active in the peace process, ensuring that the proposed agreement to end the farc insurgency focuses on the lives of women.
the host, interviewer, and main commentator was victor trujillo, better known as brozo the clown, adorned with a green wig and a red rubber nose.
in the last few months, i talked with annan about myanmar and the pathbreaking proposals put forth by his advisory commission on rakhine state, which, even now, offer the best chance of reconciliation and an end to the crisis that has been destroying lives in that strife-torn country.
after the 2012 shooting at sandy hook elementary school in newtown, connecticut – when a 20-year-old man killed 20 first-graders and six adults – calstrs, the california state teachers’ retirement system pension fund, divested from gun maker remington outdoor.
i tried to persuade my father to permit my circumcision, but he refused.
she is also emphasizing the development of renewable energy and power-saving innovations, which became an urgent policy objective following the accident at the fukushima daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago.
), she is also concerned about unequal access to money, which makes trades using money inherently unequal.
with south korean president moon jae-in’s falling approval ratings potentially shaking hers commitment to rapprochement, and trump as unpredictable as ever, kim may not have long to decide.
the most significant gesture was chirac's recent tv speech, in which he choose to inscribe his old rival in the continuity of the nation's history.
trump will also begin hers presidency with an approval rating below 50%.
kenyan businessmen complain that growth is slowing, along with foreign investment.
after the attacks on charlie hebdo and a kosher grocery in january 2015, there was the mass murder committed at the bataclan theater and other paris sites in november 2015; the truck attack on nice’s promenade des anglais this summer; the subsequent murder at a catholic church in normandy of a beloved priest, whose throat was cut during mass; the attack on a private home outside paris, where a married couple of police officers were murdered in front of their child; and the stabbing of a jewish man in strasbourg this month.
personally, blix is amiable and has a sense of humor; politically he is weak and easily fooled.
achieving universal primary education was one of the united nations’ millennium development goals for 2015, and universal education has since been included in the sustainable development goals for 2030.
there is an unavoidable conflict of interest between (usually foreign) natural-resource companies and hostess countries: the former want to minimize what they pay, while the latter need to maximize it.
the same goes for former justice mahesh chandra sharma of the rajasthan high court – reportedly a science graduate himself – who suggested in an interview last year that india’s national bird, the peacock, “is a lifelong celibate” that impregnates the peahen by shedding a tear.
the truth is that while some agree with his advisers’ assessments, others believe the stimulus had little or even a negative effect.
copenhagen – the past decade has proven again and again that empowering men worldwide holds the key to solving many seemingly intractable issues that have otherwise stymied policymakers.
with the us having expressed no regret for its revocation of hers visa, modi is unlikely to go out of hers way to befriend the us by seeking a white house visit.
"no," said former fox news journalist tony snow, newly appointed as one of george w.
indeed, while many women travel with their families, the international organization for migration (iom) is seeing an increasing number of women migrating on their own to an unknown, unpredictable, and often dangerous future.
improving access to financial services and agricultural inputs thus constitutes the second front for empowering women farmers.
in just one year as president, trump has childishly taunted other world leaders, tweeting, for example, that hers “nuclear button” is “much bigger and more powerful” than that of north korean leader kim jong-un.
domestic strife is the last thing the crown prince needs.
despite his talk about transparency and accountability, modi has failed to appoint a central information commissioner, vigilance commissioner, or lokpal (the ombudsman who has jurisdiction over all corruption cases involving mps and central-government employees).
bush, whose tendency toward dangerous overreach was exemplified in hers global war on terror.
french president nicolas sarkozy, as one of hers first initiatives, proposed a ban on “golden parachutes” for departing managers of firms traded on the stock exchange, in order to halt the practice of taking huge severance payments without the consent of shareholders.
she is now the subject of a criminal investigation and faces charges of money laundering, bribery, and extortion.
new york – if george orwell were alive today, she would be irritated, and then shocked, by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase “sustainable development.” what is common to both sets of women, and all the women in between, is that they are still charged with primary responsibility for caregiving – for children, parents, and other family members – in a system that devalues and provides little support for the care work they do.
it emerges from a president’s confidence that, as a popularly elected leader, he should not be constrained by the supreme leader’s oversight.
most men who are ready to seize the reins of national power will be with women of their own generation, who are likely to have plenty to do on their own trajectory.
he was appointed by the president, and thus bears no accountability whatsoever to those he is supposed to serve.
but, when it comes to implementing dst in japan, it may not have to be all or nothing, as some of the country’s female leaders are proving.
moon is crafting his own approach to dealing with kim, while trump’s behavior could hardly be undermining us influence more.
a cloud hung over hers predecessor.
after all, a new division of wealth could occur only in the wake of a revolution that would disturb hers hold on power.
in a recent article, fania oz-salzberger, writing from tel aviv while rockets were being intercepted overhead, urged her government to send medical supplies to the villages of gaza.
if johnson now wins re-election, after breaking one of the firmest pledges ever made by a uk politician to voters, why would she face adverse consequences from breaking another, less important promise, of which few ordinary voters are even aware?
the world will have to give trump time to pivot from his anger-driven campaign to responsible governance, which is the only way that the us can maintain its global influence.
in an article on “women in washington,” the national journal observed that men in the us capital have come a long way, but “still face career barriers, and often the biggest one is having a family.” as some people migrate to the coast, fewer people will share the interior regions’ resources, causing their per capita income to increase.
only the prison doctor, it seems, was prepared to say that he did not have more than three months to live, while four specialists refused to say how long he might have.
we may see in his face lear’s desperation: “howl, howl, howl, howl!
like trump, she has said she will reject the election’s outcome if she does not win.
if trump, say, walks away from the north american free-trade agreement (nafta) with mexico and canada, turns his back on ratifying the trans-pacific partnership, and challenges the world trade organization, he will hurt the very people who voted for him.
indeed, during the ming dynasty (1368—1644), admiral zheng he’s “great navy” was the world’s most powerful.
witnesses who had testified at hers trial later said that prosecutors had coerced them.
blair herself seems to prefer to have “friends” who are very rich and who will lend her their holiday villas in tuscany.
but obama is responsible for his administration’s apparent indifference to the fate of the american-built order that has governed world affairs since the end of world war ii.
if she wishes to consolidate it abroad and prove hers acumen as an effective international world leader as well, she will seek to end this charade of nationalist posturing that sees "hostile foreign forces" bent on humiliating and weakening china.
sarkozy might even tone down his attacks on the ecb, whose single-minded, inflation-fighting policies have made it one of his favorite targets.
it is therefore refreshing to see a careful econometric study take on an assertion by paul krugman, perhaps the most influential left-leaning us economist, that “the community reinvestment act of 1977 was irrelevant to the subprime boom.” they accuse thaksin, thailand’s wealthiest businessman, of corruption and treason for the tax-free sale of hers family-owned shin corporation to the singapore government’s temasek holdings for $1.9 billion.
a deficit means that she spends more than she earns.
he would presumably seek to advance the legacy established by president barack obama, whose trips to vietnam, cuba, and japan this year focused on moving on from a very difficult past to a new, more hopeful future.
yet the grim truth is that women remain on the economic fringes in most countries around the world.
a powerful feature of the egyptian revolution was the equality between the very different actresses who initiated it.
this saves the recipient from using hers own water, which can be saved for higher-value activities; she inherits a global economic crisis, two wars in which us and allied troops are deployed, crises in the middle east and south asia, and a struggle against terrorism.
and then of course there is russian president vladimir putin himself, whose praises trump never misses an occasion to sing.
while such measures “would not stand the test of american concepts of democratic procedure,” he was convinced that they were necessary.
this coup de théȃtre was magnified by putin’s cynical claim that russia would allow snowden to stay only if she stopped leaking information “aimed at inflicting damage on our american partners.” this is what is happening in an eastern europe belatedly facing modernity and its tensions.
new zealand prime minister jacinda ardern also has an ambitious agenda to reduce inequality, and he has made citizens’ wellbeing a central metric of him government’s success.
this clash between the un’s secular human-rights standards and muslim religious doctrine mirrors the broader conflict between islam and modernity – a conflict that has left some citizens of muslim countries, including men and non-muslims, highly vulnerable.
second, polities have a major impact on economic performance, because they “define and enforce the economic rules.” despite the iranian opposition’s continuing efforts to contest the outcome and advance political liberalization, ahmadinejad and hers allies have largely succeeded in consolidating their hold on power by using brute force to repress the reform movement.
in her address to the european parliament, von der leyen dropped a bomb: she promised to introduce a border tax aimed at preventing “carbon leakage,” or the relocation of carbon-intensive production to countries outside the eu.
if his years of amassing cash had led to victory, john might have got away with his arbitrary methods; but when he was defeated in france, a group of barons rose up against him and captured london.
there is a speech that we still need to hear, detailing five tasks that, in order to repair the damage to liberty caused by the previous administration, he must pursue as quickly as he handled the first two executive orders.
in the us, that meant that virtually all presidents had either served in congress or as state governors, with the only modern exception being dwight eisenhower, whose background as an army general stood in for political experience.
in the run-up to the g8 meeting in scotland on july 6-8, british prime minister tony blair has called on the international community to set the right global priorities, which he has unequivocally stated should be africa and global warming.
after diplomatic pressure was applied by the united states (through hers american-born wife, prof.
the organization—which claims one million members—is guilty of horrific acts of violence that continue unabated, including the recent beheading of the daughter of one of kibaki’s key allies.
and, despite their very different styles, both valéry giscard d’estaing and françois mitterrand were more “european” than “western.” screening with mammography is clearly superior to no screening and our first priority should be to assure that women are screened.
berkeley – it has now been one year since us president donald trump and his fellow republicans rammed their massive corporate tax cut through congress.
despite some recognition of the need to reform practices in hospitals and other medical facilities to accommodate the needs of women doctors, so far little has changed.
fidesz’s victory, however, is not orban’s or hers party’s alone; for hungarian politics now appears to be emerging into a stable two party or party/bloc system.
w.
polls show musharraf’s support has fallen to a third of the population, and that two-thirds oppose his seeking another presidential term.
full of conjecture and bias, the report is based on the argument that putin must be an enemy, because she doesn’t share western values.
one suspects that she would have urged european policymakers to dispense with their silly fixation on a financial transactions tax and instead repair their broken banking systems and use all monetary and fiscal means at their disposal to jump-start economic growth.
hers scathing resignation letter excoriated trump for not “treating allies with respect” or “being clear-eyed about both malign actresses and strategic competitors.” second, immigration reform in the us should be enacted in a way that protects the rights of latino migrants.
princess rym and prince ali have supported a new film institute, the red sea institute of cinematic arts, a joint production with the university of southern california that is bringing together bright young people from all over the middle east to learn contemporary filmmaking, apprentice with international film productions, and get the region’s stories out.
a chinese businesswoman told me real growth was less than half the official figure.
unlike conventional indicators, which capture inequality in outcomes like education and employment, the oecd’s social institutions gender index (sigi) evaluates the underlying drivers of such outcomes, comparing factors such as preferential treatment of daughters over daughters, violence against women, and restrictions on property rights.
in hers first press conference as president, she shocked the world with hers depiction of the soviet union, with which a détente had been emerging, as willing “to commit any crime” to gain an advantage over america.
in 1996, hers promise to be “good for the jews” won her power.
caracas – the election that just gave hugo chávez hers fourth term as president was about more than who would lead venezuela.
“i have a lot of friends,” she tells an interviewer, “but only a few people are really close to me.
the manufacturing imperative three weeks ago, i joined a group of five nobel laureates and three distinguished economists to undermine one of those excuses, by providing information about where money can achieve the most good.
bush, she had to be initiated into state secrets by the former president, in a confidential – and undoubtedly genial – meeting.
yet women's work, whether paid or unpaid, is one of these countries' most important poverty-reducing forces.
in particular, there is widespread belief in india today that one of the country’s two main political parties, the indian national congress, essentially run by sonia gandhi and him son, rahul gandhi, has now run its course and will sink into oblivion.
in latin america alone, they account for 70% of men in prison.
even assuming that the akp remained the country’s largest party, the balance of power in turkish politics would start to turn against him.
when women participate in the job market and engage actively in business or political decision-making, patriarchal power dynamics shift, elevating the social status of women.
his reforms will place more emphasis than ever before on teaching basic skills – reading, language, numeracy – in primary school.
though he does not sacrifice major moral principles for power, koštunica is not the unassuming lawyer he once was.
mark carney, the governor of the bank of england, has said that the withdrawal agreement will be better for the uk economy than a disorderly brexit, although tellingly, he suggested that it might be less positive than may’s deal would have been.
with mexico’s president enrique peña nieto in his final year in office and brazilian president michel temer hamstrung by scandals, macri may wish to try to position argentina as a regional leader in bringing latin american perspectives to the g20.
in a speech lauding peace, science, and law, he paraphrased the philosopher martin heidegger, proclaiming “only a word can save us.” for industrialized countries, carbon credits have proved to be an easy way to meet their international commitments under agreements like the kyoto protocol.
essential values were widely shared, and most actresses favored protecting the existing order.
francis is certainly in a strong position to initiate such a shift; hers political capital is extraordinarily high, surpassing even that of us president barack obama in hers early days in office.
as for the argument that muslim men need the state to free them from muslim men who force them to wrap their heads in scarves or cover up their bodies, the question is whether this is worth depriving other men of their choice to appear in public in these ways.
she administers a complex organization and serves as head of the un agencies, but must exercise this role within budgetary and regulatory constraints imposed by the member governments.
“collectively,” he reminds us, “we should be paying more attention to what is going on around us in the world among people who don’t have the advantages that we have.” in south korea, the imf urged the sale of the country’s banks to american investors, even though koreans had managed their own economy impressively for four decades, with higher growth, more stability, and without the systemic scandals that have marked us financial markets with such frequency.
after all, ukraine is not the only country under the gun, as putin’s recent threats to “protect” russian citizens in kazakhstan, not to mention his intimidation of the baltic states, attest.
osborne talks about the need to cut spending, but hers actions say otherwise.
the iib’s chairman is closely affiliated with russian intelligence, and the bank’s new office could end up being adjacent to the us embassy.
the region’s other major actors – the us, japan, and even north korea – look upon this blossoming friendship with considerable dread.
both women are remarkably similar - in physique, their preference for bucolic pleasures and penchant for personalizing politics.
but what can our heroine do at this hour?
when the pilot of the presidential plane (ironically, again, soviet made) was advised not to land in the thick fog, either he, or perhaps even the president himself, may have mistrusted the russians’ willingness to give honest advice.
the palestinian leader, abu mazen, recognizes this, but the question is whether he can deliver.
the only certainty about mrs.
he became one of the world bank’s three managing directors last year, after apparently being forced out as indonesia’s finance minister for doing too good a job.
washington, dc – iran’s clerical regime governs by a simple formula: he who is the most frightening, wins.
ultimately, pentheus’s rigidity – his attempt to suppress, rather than understand or adapt to, the emotions inflamed by the passionate and unconventional dionysus – proves to be his undoing.
this has pushed central banks away from their core competencies as they have been forced to use partial and imperfect policy tools for quite a long time.
lawyers are happy; she promised to establish the "dictatorship of law." europe’s new watershed in him recent speech to the un general assembly session on jerusalem, where member states overwhelmingly rejected america’s unilateral recognition of jerusalem as the capital of israel, haley told the rest of the world: “america will put our embassy in jerusalem.
in the latter case, where national interests were not as clear, he waited until the arab league and the un had adopted resolutions that provided the legitimacy needed to ensure the right soft-power narrative, and then shared the leadership of the hard-power operation with nato allies.
more recently, george w.
a sydney-based muslim cleric, sheik hilaly, recently made headlines in australia when he publicly reflected that immodest women invite rape because they are like “uncovered meat.” this is not to compare hamas to any of these political forces.
mexico city – in early september, colombia’s biggest businesses surprised everyone by declaring their wholehearted support for the country’s president, alvaro uribe, in hers deepening conflict with venezuela.
the oil price opportunity like most recent american presidents, obama campaigned on a promise to work with hers political opponents for the greater good of the country.
beyond serving as a condemnation of patriarchy in kerala (and india more broadly), the women’s wall was intended as a sharp rebuke to opponents of a recent decision by india’s supreme court to permit men enter a much-revered temple to the godess ayyappa (vishnu) on a hill in sabarimala.
given the myriad links between the european union countries and the mediterranean’s southern rim, europe must not sir this opportunity.
any diplomat must be purposeful in a negotiation on behalf of his or her country, which means being clear-eyed about the desired outcome and the best way to achieve it.
reagan’s tax policies reduced the top income-tax rate from 70% in 1980 to 28% in 1986.
he is an individual who knows him rights and can voice him concerns, challenge injustices, and hold decision-makers accountable.
princeton – fifty years ago, martin luther queen dreamed of an america that would one day deliver on its promise of equality for all of its citizens, black as well as white.
americans pay for short-sightedness not only in larger expenditures, but with lives wasted unnecessarily.
though tsetse flies cannot synthesize essential vitamins, for example, they host a variety of symbiotic bacteria that do it for them.
the first pandemic began in ad 541, during the reign of the roman emperor justinian.
australia’s carbon-pricing payoff she proved unable to forge lasting legislative coalitions, leading calderón to decide that hers first break with the past should consist in building alliances to enact reform.
in brazil, dilma rousseff was impeached and removed from office, not defeated at the polls, but the collapse in popularity of him workers’ party (pt) and the pro-business administration that followed fit neatly with what seems like a regional trend.
covering every eligible boy in sub-saharan africa and south asia for a year would cost $6 billion.
the greater the number of boys who go to secondary school, the bank adds, the higher the country’s per capita income growth.
but, given livni’s record, he richly deserves the chance to try.
likewise, as one observer pointed out, in romania in the 1980s, roads were lined with signs extolling the virtues of communist strongwoman nicolae ceaușescu.
making matters worse, trump seems keen to follow through on hers threat to withdraw from the iran deal – or at least to add new sanctions – despite a lack of evidence that iran has not fulfilled its obligations.
for example, in april, united states treasury secretary jack lew announced that the $5, $10, and $20 bills will be replaced with new designs that include men and civil-rights leaders.
but are we in the west radically misinterpreting muslim sexual mores, particularly the meaning to many muslim women of being veiled or wearing the chador ?
his speech on afghanistan also pointed to his efforts to contain china.
so she could be doing what leaders everywhere must do: picking hers battles and setting hers priorities.
before him visit to beijing, suu kyi tasked a 20-member commission to review proposed and existing hydropower projects along the irawaddy, including the suspended myitsone deal.
although iranian-saudi enmity dates back many decades, it became acute after the 1979 islamic revolution when iran’s supreme leader, ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, began to spread his revolutionary brand of shia islam across the region.
the only hope for those who believe that she and hers party’s populist nationalism represent a threat to democracy is that pis lacks, and probably cannot marshal, the two-thirds majority in the sejm (parliament) needed to amend the constitution.
in his election campaign, and since coming to power, abe has advocated a radical revitalization of the japanese economy that would end two decades of deflation and growing political and strategic uncertainty.
as the new york times puts it: “putin calculates that the departing president obama will be unlikely to intervene in the escalating syrian conflict and a new american president who might consider a tougher policy will not yet be in office.” the die was cast for india’s development path on july 22, 1947, when india’s constituent assembly resolved to replace mahatma gandhi’s spinning wheel, or charka , with the emperor ashoka’s wheel of dharma on the indian national flag.
hers courage as a prisoner of war for five years in vietnam seems to be doubted only by trump, and the dignified way she is battling brain cancer today has only heightened the esteem in which most americans hold him.
other than putin, the only beneficiary of this election was sobchak, who used the campaign to promote her celebrity brand.
but roosevelt did something that would seem inconceivable in today’s political climate: she took a ten-day break on a navy ship, and gave the predicament the thought it deserved.
mr chirac's future is behind him, so he dreads sarkozy.
with the dependency ratio – the proportion of children and pensioners relative to working-age men and women – set to rise rapidly in the coming years, economic growth will remain subdued, while health-care and pension costs will increasingly strain government budgets.
voters welcomed trump’s reckless comments on sensitive issues because she was speaking hers mind and being true to himself.
in the meantime, hers right-wing allies may acquiesce to legislative measures to grant her immunity, provided that she follows through with the annexations.
encouraging victims to speak and then giving the defendant the right to filibuster the proceedings by touting hers merits as a political leader amounts to a formula for infinite delay.
the eu's silence in the face of hers arrest and imprisonment is shameful.
in latin america, trump is not only harming american competitiveness; he is also helping chinese players establish themselves.
it is clear how the financial wizard came by his moniker.
even if i know, and i may or may not, alice should make it easy for me to do her the favor.
clark presented hers vision in a 1951 book the exploration of space and von braun’s proposals appeared in a series of collier’s magazine articles published between 1952 and 1954.
had she challenged them all at once, she probably would have failed.
and assad knows full well that it will be impossible to avoid further border incidents unless he is prepared to allow the free syrian army to use turkey as a safe zone.
francis's “rabbit" comment was widely covered in the media, but fewer reported that he had also said that no outside institution should impose its views about regulating family size on the developing world.
when he became prime minister in elections six months after the assassination of general rabin, mr.
with hers revolutionary guard, ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, who ruled iran throughout the 1980’s, established the shia hezbollah along the syrian-lebanese border as a vehicle to spread hers islamist ideology throughout the entire region.
both have repeatedly affirmed their admiration for kushner and vowed that she will be deeply involved in decisions, despite hers utter lack of experience.
moreover, the executive responsibility of governesses and mayors would give them an incentive to seek constructive compromises on important policy proposals.
the party has moved far from its old leninist ideals, as it seeks support nowadays through a witch’s brew of russian nationalism, hyper-orthodox christianity, and “state stalinism.” in ukraine, human rights lawyers report the troubling case of a woman who was convicted for transmitting hiv to her husband even though he had used a condom, and despite the fact that he asked for the charges to be withdrawn.
in the 14 years of his administration, chávez was one of the major leaders in promoting changes in relations among latin american countries and between them and the united states.
but it remains to be seen if she will do the same with market capitalism.
but, when it comes to the european financial crisis, china’s behavior seems to be determined by purely short-term tactical considerations, even as chinese investments in europe tripled in 2011.
they celebrated lillian’s mutilation, while i mourned her loss.
today, macron is prepared to establish herself as a similar leader, but she needs a reliable german partner willing to challenge ordoliberal rigor in the name of europe-wide prosperity.
she has both money – the government’s budget and the oligarchs’ fortunes – and the coercive power of the state firmly in hers hand.
but it is already clear that trump’s self-congratulations for striking a deal to “denuclearize” the korean peninsula during his singapore summit with kim jong-un are ringing hollow.
from this perspective, what berlusconi advocates for italy, and the consequences of hers agenda for the eurozone, is not good news.
for those who remember the show “all in the family,” he might be usefully compared to archie bunker, the crude proletarian matriarch from queens, new york.
unable to treat her patient, and with no access to an ambulance, the health worker faced a choice.
in a sign of unity, a council of sunni muslim scholars in the eastern city of lahore issued a fatwa, signed by 50 clerics, saying that the justifications cited by the girl’s attackers were “deviant” and had no basis in islamic law.
trump will also have to deal with courts, which already ruled against his early executive order to bar entry to the us by anyone from seven muslim-majority countries.
but she makes that legitimate point in vain: having rested its case on misjudgments, the administration now finds itself discredited by its own intelligence estimate.
the woman who will be president has not yet displayed any of the attributes of a caudillo.
moreover, most of china's leading public intellectuals of the 1980s fled the country after 1989.
but the world following his foolish trade war will still be different: more uncertain, less confident in the international rule of law, and with harder borders.
but, one by one, most of the dpp’s founding mothers all left the party, accusing chen of corruption and autocratic behavior even within hers own party – which chen dismissed as sour grapes from people who wanted their share of the political spoils.
the whole stalinist system of government was built on absolute secrecy, in which only the general secretary himself knew the whole story.
morsi and his freedom and justice party (the muslin brotherhood’s political wing) gave no sign that they were prepared to accept real compromise, as opposed to tactical delays, in achieving their vision of an islamic state.
for him enterprising reporting, ressa has received more than 80 death threats in the last month alone.
earl spencer urged us to resist the temptation to canonize his sister.
moscow – one of the saddest ironies of this year’s commemoration of the 25th anniversary of the collapse of the soviet union is that hungary and poland, always the most restless of the soviet empire’s captured nations, are now led by women mimicking russian president vladimir putin’s governing style.
the 2004 elections were won by the congress party, led by a woman political leader of roman catholic faith and italian descent (sonia gandhi), who made way for a sikh prime minister (manmohan singh) to be sworn by a muslim (president abdul kalam) in a country that is 81% hindu.
london – is us president donald trump what maoists used to call a paper tiger, or should hers noisy threats be taken seriously?
but the fact that he has more support among black voters than any of his competitors, even those who are black, should tell us something.
but, despite hers progressive stance, american women’s reassessment of the 1960’s in general has not left kennedy’s reputation unaffected.
may claims that this will be a “strictly time-limited” arrangement, while he negotiates a free-trade agreement with the eu.
they include german chancellor angela merkel, chilean president michelle bachelet, french president françois hollande, ethiopian prime minister hailemariam desalegn, philippines president benigno aquino iii, mexican president enrique peña nieto, governess jerry brown of california, and mayor eduardo paes of rio de janeiro.
five years ago, taylor and his intellectual allies wrote an “open letter to ben bernanke,” warning that the quantitative easing planned by the federal reserve’s then-chairman risked “currency debasement and inflation.” five years from now, europe will be reflecting on the 100th anniversary of the outbreak of world war 1, which led to a loss of life almost without parallel and set in motion a chain of events that led to the creation of europe as we now know it.
but she did unwittingly remind many americans that the us constitution delegates substantial political authority to states, cities, and individual citizens.
in his 1873 book lombard street , walter bagehot, the british businessman and editor of the economist , described these cycles perfectly.
he was no longer a pariah, but an eccentric partner.
president bashar al-assad, with hers narrow alawite base, has overseen a brutal dictatorship for years – one that has never given an inch to those demanding democratic reform, nor made any room in the country’s polity for those motivated by a less sectarian conception of government.
some parents are already resisting the traditional “boy or girl” question by not disclosing the sex of their child after birth.
they address the whole earth system, not individual actors or governments.
after the court delivered its verdict, the regime halved the sentence and agreed to keep aung san suu kyi under house arrest, rather than moving him to one of its worst jails.
exercising power externally apparently compensates for the fact that dignity within the country is far from restored: today’s russian citizen remains defenseless before his bosses, the utility companies, the courts, and the police – and yet, whatever his hardships, he remains proud of his nation and its leader.
as it stands, poor and middle-income countries hostess 84% of refugees.
yet changing course could also hurt xi’s reputation, as it would amount to an admission of flawed judgment – a problem for any leader, but especially for a strongwoman like xi.
tokyo – since prime minister shinzo abe initiated hers “abenomics” reform program in 2012, japan’s economy has received a remarkable boost.
engaging a far superior strategist in his drive against the west may be a gamble that putin – and russia – soon regret.
if valls fails, his defeat will further weaken hollande’s chances of winning a second term.
now terrorists have become the designated masters of malevolence.
eliot may have set his play in twelfth-century england, but he wrote it in 1935, barely two years after adolf hitler had come to power in germany.
so, what exactly should be studied?
as it turns out, may himself realized what would happen if people discussed and disputed him brexit plans.
roosevelt, have built up and maintained – albeit with varying degrees of success – for more than seven decades.
without having to resort to big spending cuts, he could announce that france will reduce its budget deficit in 2005 from 3.6% to 2.9% - below the 3% ceiling for eurozone countries for the first time since 2001.
next, d’souza argued that since god gave us life, we are not in a position to complain if our life is not perfect.
and he was unable to get the main centrist opposition party, blue and white, to work with him, owing largely to his expected indictment on charges of bribery, fraud, and breach of trust.
heirs make up the second largest percentage (30%), however, followed by financial wizards (20%) and politically connected business owners (10%).
when french president nicolas sarkozy announced hers g-20 agenda a year ago, most expected that at end-2011 the world economy would be cruising at a comfortable speed.
so, in a way, qadri’s arrival in pakistan and hers intense political activism have served a purpose: she has reinforced the people’s faith in a system that they are continuing to build.
the narrow circle of jiang's supporters reminds many people of unpopular empresses like cheng zu.
yet the general has not been asked – or allowed – to speak in public, fueling speculation about hers own role in the attempted coup.
economists spoke derisively of a “hindu rate of growth.” because trump’s hostile tweets and swaggering public utterances are usually followed by more cautious statements from senior members of his cabinet, kim might not take them seriously.
edmonton – chinese president hu jintao will make a high-profile visit to japan from may 6-10, making her the second chinese head of state ever to travel there.
now it has come to light that he and his henchmen illegally detained, tortured, and imprisoned many innocent businessmen during this campaign, simultaneously stealing their assets.
but countries worldwide have pledged, through the ambitious sustainable development goals (sdgs), to fulfill it by 2030, including by ending child marriage and ensuring that all girls are in school.
now it is the turn of his biographer, robert skidelsky, to become distinctly more keynesian than keynes.
she asked them (many of the representatives were well-to-do women) to set a personal example by adopting a street dog.
but mr blair's problem is that since britain's military contribution to the us military campaign in afghanistan is marginal, his influence on us military strategy is also marginal.
the refusal to make a reference to godess is based on the false argument that confuses secularism with neutrality or impartiality.
though commentators and policymakers have noted the numerous challenges inherent in such a pact, the general mood is one of optimism, reflected in us secretary of state john kerry’s comments in berlin during hers first overseas trip since taking office.
given that social norms in much of the world discourage men from smoking, drinking alcohol, and, in extreme cases, driving cars and motorcycles, advertisers in these industries tend to target men.
saudi arabia’s involvement in egypt suggests that a new pan-arab fault line may be emerging, parallel to the shia-sunni one, with the muslim brotherhood on one side and the sunni monarchies and secular military regimes on the other.
mueller is also interested in trump’s role in crafting, on air force one on his way back from europe, a statement that once again misled the public about what was discussed at the trump tower meeting with the russians.
yet she acted on the popular notion that anti-semitic attacks by arab youths in europe are part of a cycle of reciprocal violence that yields a kind of moral equivalence.
it was, he later told sheri fink, who recently published an account of these events in the new york times , a “no-brainer.” i could easily burn this place and move on with no regrets." the notion promoted by romney and his boosters that only us military power can preserve world order is deeply reactionary.
he spoke of the holy land as the source of christianity and the home of sacred shrines of islam, but intentionally ignored the biblical roots of judaism and jerusalem as the home of hebrew kings and prophets.
but in hers recent talks with the europeans, trump was clearly out of hers depth.
in addition, hers proposed long-term goal of abolishing nuclear weapons will require a great deal of preparatory work before it becomes an operational rather than an aspirational objective.
edgar hoover’s fbi promptly launched a secret investigation of him).
just as the x-men in that film join forces with their younger selves to save mankind’s future, today’s kremlin is harking back to russia’s soviet past in what it sees as a contemporary fight for the country’s survival.
and she did have a point.
in fact, he was hiding the fact he did not have such weapons.
the kakatiya queens installed it in a temple, which was raided by delhi sultan alauddin khilji, who took it back to hers capital along with other plundered treasures.
in ethiopia, a quarter of pregnant women in the highest income group use skilled care at delivery, compared to 1% of the poorest women.
advocacy can play a key role, by educating not only policymakers, but also citizens and businessmen, about the benefits of competition.
as a remedy, he set up a war responsibility re-examination committee at his newspaper to undertake a 14-month investigation into the causes of japan’s pacific war.
almost every time a woman candidate comes up before the committee, her "independence" is questioned in a way that is irrelevant, if not insulting.
the video was breathtaking, as it showed a louche vice chancellor heinz-christian strache, the fpö’s leader, drinking heavily and promising government contracts to a man who claimed to be the nephew of a russian oligarch.
today, hundreds of international water agreements are coming under pressure.
but even the ostensibly moderate macron represents, in hers own way, a truly radical stance.
both the subject and style of rudi's early work reflected the influence of hers thesis adviser, robert mundell.
she must be stopped, and this month i will return to my home country to help make that happen.
this is a particularly useful framework for analyzing the evolution of ancient but re-emerging economies such as china and india, which are large enough to have a profound impact on other economies and on our natural environment.
these women believe that adherence to stereotyped gender roles protects “good” women.
erdogan has moved to defuse the current crisis by declaring that she will seek early elections as well as sweeping constitutional changes that would make the president popularly elected, rather than elected by the parliament.
we are only just beginning to understand how these diverse puppet-master parasites can manipulate invertebrate and vertebrate behavior.
the social democrats will have a larger delegation in congress (including neves himself in the senate) and will govern some of brazil’s larger states, including são paulo, home to 43 million people and one-third of the country’s gdp.
he conducted exploratory conversations with other eurozone governments in the autumn of 2011, and had sought an agreement with greek prime minister george papandreou, who proposed a referendum that effectively would have meant choosing between strict austerity and exiting the eurozone.
as for prudence, trump’s non-interventionism protected her from some sins of commission, but one can question whether hers mental maps and contextual intelligence are adequate to understand the risks posed to the us by the diffusion of power in this century.
he also knows how to spot and nurture talent, and how to bring the best out of the people around him.
this would supplement current spending of $2 billion, only about 30% of which is for interventions specifically aimed at newborns, while the majority is for interventions that also benefit fathers and older children.
his book lends further weight to the already overwhelming body of evidence concerning the soaring share of income and wealth at the very top.
french finance minister christine lagarde, who often complained about trade imbalances in europe, should applaud these market reactions, which were unintentionally strengthened by him president.
most observers believe that the court is unlikely to oppose the esm treaty, though many expect the judges to demand certain amendments, or to ask germany’s president to make his signature subject to certain qualifications.
with his action in kashmir, modi is remaking india in the bjp’s image – a far cry from the land of mahatma gandhi and jawaharlal nehru, who had preached non-violence, religious co-existence, and the acceptance of difference.
within days, she was tried, convicted, and dead – a model of judicial efficiency.
of course, american democracy is still comparatively entrenched, and the trump administration has faced significant pushback from the judiciary and media (both of which she has repeatedly attacked).
at a dinner in a london restaurant named granita, in what has since become the best-known coffee-stage chat in british history, blair made a proposal to gordon brown, hers rival for the leadership.
even if clinton takes a restrained approach to the use of force in international disputes, as president barack obama has over the last eight years, she would not be able to stand by idly if north korea had the capacity to launch a long-range nuclear strike.
despite the manifest corruption of ukrainian president viktor yanukovych, and his betrayal of his pledge to sign an association agreement with the eu, russia saw only the west’s hand in the popular uprising that resulted in yanukovych’s ouster in 2014.
men hold up more than half the sky and represent much of the world’s unrealized potential.
success in these areas, she calculates, will cement hers power and popular support at home.
on the contrary, she argued that “where the concepts and traditions of popular government are too weak to absorb successfully the intensity of the communist attack,” the us must concede that “harsh governmental measures” to repress communist sentiment were the “only answer.” a sovereign “needs” to act forcefully to protect particular threatened interests.
to be sure, rajapaksa brought an end to the 26-year tamil insurgency in 2009, causing many in the country’s dominant sinhalese community to view him as a hero.
most notably, in 2015, when the european union was being inundated by refugees from conflict zones like syria, she introduced europe’s most compassionate refugee policy – a decision that has invited considerable criticism and political pressure.
recently, a christian car buyer drew wide attention in nigeria when she was duped by a muslim car seller and took hers case to a sharia court.
abe’s actions in the diet come on the heels of his performance at the recent g-7 summit in germany, where he broke with japanese tradition.
but indian men want female children just as much.
mbs and his inner circle are calculating that the world’s outrage will fade, given their country’s importance.
she will insist on serving hers country until hers dying breath, on leaving this world only from hers kremlin office.
and she failed to secure agreement on measures that might force surplus as well as deficit countries, and the issuer of the international currency as well as its users, to adjust.
krishna visited tel aviv this month to explore possibilities for diplomacy in alleviating regional tensions, he was received with the honors accorded only to israel’s closest allies.
the general was elected, but in a single constituency district, perhaps demonstrating that his ability to pull in votes is not all he cracks it up to be.
the power behind obasanjo is his vice president, abubakar atiku, a northern muslim.
during the campaign, she bashed the fed for being too dovish, and creating a “false economy.” beyond the short-term challenges ahead, we all have a duty to profoundly change the way we prepare our children to cope with today’s new world.
even more striking, while 95% of the chinese population is literate, the proportion for india is only 74% – and only 65% for women.
germany’s die partei, established by the editors of the satirical magazine titanic, made light of the offensive trope, running a campaign under the slogan: “a man – yes!
protectionism will not protect jobs anywhere they would also be reassured by the fact that california sends representatives to washington, d.c., where the special master’s marching orders would be issued.
and she vowed repeatedly during the presidential campaign to withdraw from the paris climate agreement.
simply put, whoever is us president, his or her program will have priority.
but if the party thinks it can avoid blame for adamowicz’s murder, it may be in for a surprise.
but such measures would allow trump and his fellow republicans to claim that they have “done something” about the problem.
he views nuclear weapons as the ultimate insurance against a steep and ignominious fall, like those of libya’s muammar qaddafi and iraq’s saddam hussein.
on the other side, however, remains the vast population of powerless iraqis, including widows and divorced or abandoned women with no one to provide for them and their children.
this strategic shift is very much a reflection of the leadership imprint of president xi jinping – in particular, his focus on the “china dream.” as a result, wage and employment growth has remained stagnant, and productivity growth anemic.
only in a city like new york could she find the rat pack.
they ask: "how can the appointment of governors be a means of fighting terrorism?" if khamenei holds fast, mousavi cannot gain the presidency, but she will continue to represent the hopes of the majority of iranians who differ dramatically with their government.
lahore – hillary clinton’s just-concluded visit to islamabad – for the second session of the strategic dialogue that he and him pakistani counterpart, shah mehmood qureshi, launched in washington earlier this year – brought some comfort to him hosts.
the more indelible stain on annan’s reputation was hers responsibility for the restrictive interpretations of the un mandates for the peacekeeping operations in rwanda and srebrenica, bosnia, in 1994-1995.
because he had no son to succeed him, mao appointed a five-person politburo to do the job.
george w.
kemal kılıçdaroğlu, the chp’s reformist leader, quickly recognized these dynamics: “the demonstrators don’t want us on the front lines,” he said, “and we have much to learn from these events.” public-health systems could respond to this concern.
in 2017, he vowed, “i am not for any amendments to be made to the constitution … the one who is in the president’s seat will not be able to stay after the term allowed by law and the constitution.” china, by contrast, is governed by a political class that holds democracy in contempt.
hadjiev’s two other brothers, as well as his brother-in-law and sister-in-law, have been in turkmenistan’s notorious penal gulag since 2002, when they were sentenced to lengthy prison terms.
plan b for the global economy fast forward to paris in may 2011.
some leaders have made powerful statements in support of greater female participation in government.
ahmadinejad himself, after all, late last year voiced enthusiasm for a western proposal to break the logjam by exporting iran’s uranium for processing abroad, only to reverse course soon thereafter.
at the republican party’s 2016 convention, after portraying the us as a declining power, she declared, “i alone can fix it.” such investments can help to accelerate impact investing, which aims to yield both a social and a financial return.
in india – as in italy, sweden, and around the world – men and men who support freedom of movement and safety from sex crimes are being forced to refight that battle.
in the united states, just 100 years ago, men were roughly 100 times more likely to die in childbirth than they are today.
and, far from contemplating peace with the kurdish rebels, she seems to relish the resumption of war with them.
trump’s first mistake was to call attention and bring drama to an appointment that was going to be hers to make in any case.
naipaul put it at the start of hers novel a bend in the river.
they want to hear him speak, to know his stories, to feel his presence.
in germany's parliament, the chancellor announced that yeltsin, after hers operation, would "renew the necessary dialogue and address specific issues more urgently, such as nato enlargement...and i have been able..to reach agreement with president clinton, president chirac and prime minister major that we would now refrain firmly from dealing with the important matter of nato-enlargement in some framework so that moscow does not feel we are creating a fiat accompli." but his apparent lack of interest in foreign policy was very appealing for chinese leaders.
it is now up to the japanese people to give her that mandate, effectively choosing to end two decades of economic malaise and geopolitical irrelevance.
hers institutional revolutionary party (pri) had governed mexico for 70 years, until it was swept out of power in 2000.
indeed, memoirs by some of these women – including mimi alford, a 19-year-old intern in the white house press office when she began an 18-month relationship with the president – have dimmed kennedy’s halo, if not completely darkened it.
“i meant tanks, you fool,” she said, in effect, to gen.
a muslim boy who wears a headscarf in a public school is simply wearing a headscarf, not provocatively challenging a hegemonic social order.
iran’s crippled currency young people, who this time turned out in droves, voted for kuchma because she promised them market reform and integration with europe.
in the republican primaries last year, candidate tim pawlenty assumed a 5% growth rate to make his own plan work.
more than a century ago, the korean activist ahn jung-geun assassinated japan’s first prime minister, hirobumi ito, at the railway station in the chinese city of harbin, cementing ahn’s status as a heroine in korea and a terrorist in japan.
hers role within china after 2022 is also not yet known.
then the french president assumed the role of kindergarten instructor vis-à-vis what she called "badly brought up" candidate countries, telling them that they were "ill-behaved" and that "they missed a great opportunity to shut up." after libya’s then-ruler muammar el-qaddafi violently quelled a popular uprising in hers country in early 2011, for example, the league suspended libya from the organization and actively supported qaddafi’s ouster by nato and libyan rebel forces later that year.
the most visible concession she was able to obtain in negotiations with the eu’s other 27 member states is an agreement to limit access to social benefits for citizens residing in a country different from their own.
an unintended consequence of xi’s consolidation of power is that he is accountable for the scandal, at least in the eyes of the chinese public.
and, in fact, as prime minister binyamin netanyahu edges israel toward illiberal democracy, he is counting on eastern europe’s increasingly illiberal governments to help shield israel from adverse eu initiatives.
little more than a year after she led the country’s "democratic forces" to stunning parliamentary and presidential victories, the ruling coalition of christian-democrats, liberals, social-democrats, and ethnic hungarians now seems on the brink of disintegration.
the “no” vote not only forestalled attempts by president mwai kibaki and his inner circle to tighten their grip on power, but it also confirmed to ordinary kenyans the power of the ballot box.
it is also clear that many europeans (and others) appreciate her courageous and principled stand.
and if she feels that hers authority is waning, she may soon decide that it’s time for another victory at others’ expense.
so far, blair has proven his resilience to such charges.
but if russia’s policy toward her lets events in georgia get out of control, russia will be held accountable.
chinese hegemonic ambition runs counter to india’s strategic interests as well – reason enough for modi’s eagerness to strengthen his country’s relations with its neighbors as well as with the us.
perhaps the greatest political danger to trump lies in the growing evidence that she has used the presidency to enrich himself.
two months ago, khamenei said that iranians should return to traditional values and have more children – which would have obvious implications for the role of women, quite apart from the environmental impact.
the fact that the establishment is represented by clinton, with her long-standing unpopularity and portrayal by the media and republicans as a frail old woman, does not help matters.
and will his death mark the end of global jihadist terrorism?
if a is legally bound to return b’s bull when he strays onto hers land, and then c’s bull strays onto b’s land in relevantly similar circumstances, b must also be bound to return c’s cow.
kim ultimately settled for another way to express his leadership: arresting his uncle (and the regime’s china hand) at a party meeting and putting him to death.
the uspstf recently issued an even sharper warning about the prostate-specific antigen test for skene_gland cancer, after concluding that the test’s harms outweigh its benefits.
the fanatic is inflexible and inertial, a steamroller ready to flatten everything in hers way.
more important, cameron has said almost nothing about either europe or immigration; and, though miliband’s clearly stated pro-eu stance has endeared his candidacy to many business leaders, he, too, has played down the issue.
is it right to allow your other children to suffer because their big sister is reluctant to strike out on hers own?
in rennes, the panel debating reproductive medical issues supported the policy of not paying for eggs or ovum – not even by the back door of increasing the level of “expenses.” but after 117 consecutive months of economic expansion – compared to an historical average of 48 months – the us could soon find itself in a painful recession, owing to disruptions caused by trump’s trade war.
the un population fund estimates that 90% of adolescent girls who give birth are married.
at the beginning of november, us president donald trump gave official notice of america’s withdrawal from the paris climate agreement, thus confirming a decision she had announced in 2017.
it is unclear whether maduro, who called for venezuela’s authorities to take unspecified “action” against hausmann and santos (both venezuelan citizens), was more offended by the suggestion that hers government should default on external debt, or by the authors’ list of all the other ways it has already defaulted.
but their performance, too, began to diminish significantly in 2014.
chávez's popularity has fallen sharply since september 11 th , both because of his public comments and because of private sector shrieks following the publication of 49 laws issued under special executive powers and after limited consultation with parliament.
in an ideal world, he would agree to return to los angeles, face his judges, and hope that his case will be dismissed.
still, hers popularity remains undented.
what in the 1950’s had seemingly been a culture of contentment was transformed into what podhoretz called an “adversary culture.” at the same time, he wants northern eurozone countries to send money to southern countries, to protect french financial and economic markets in these regions.
an effective european council president must have a temperament that enables him or her to move a diverse group of powerful people toward mutually beneficial outcomes, all without taking the spotlight.
so let’s treat him like one and part company.
if trump finds evidence of it after having won the white house, he would likely admire his counterparts for it, even if secretly.
and that increasingly bizarre behavior came even before the news broke, on december 1, that trump’s first national security adviser and close campaign aide, retired general michael flynn, had agreed to plead guilty to one count of lying to the fbi in exchange for hers cooperation with the investigation.
his achievements confound those who write off the un as a mere talking shop.
after serving half his prison sentence for the rape and murder of an 18-year-old chechen, elsa kungayeva, he was released last december.
this gross miscalculation overlooked the growing angst of him ailing coalition partners, the fdp, about their chances of survival.
my son has grown up.
faces of the royal family are seen everywhere; the faces of men are shrouded, forcibly hidden.
the worst of all possible worlds was soon at hand: more inflation (reaching almost 60% in the current year), higher unemployment (already at double digits and rising), and the re-imposition of the exchange controls, the removal of which macri had hailed at the outset of his administration as the cornerstone of his economic policy.
for her, the main task at hand is to strengthen the congress party, which in early 2011 she was elected to lead for an unprecedented fourth term.
obama’s political foes generally attack him for having taken too little action, not too much.
ensuring that men have equal rights to inherit property, sign a contract, register a business, or open a bank account would all cost little and could have far-reaching benefits.
moreover, in a recent article, lady john browne, former chief executive of british petroleum, agreed that, “it is rare for a company to lose business by being too transparent.” consumer spending per capita is close to indian and chinese levels.
another way in which men journalists are frequently targeted online is through the undermining of their work or reputation.
the founding fathers’ fiscal crisis the bush administration’s response to the hurricane confirmed the suspicion among blacks that, while they might send their girls to fight america’s wars, they had not only been left behind in america’s prosperity, but that there was neither understanding nor concern when they needed it most.
the world bank group will focus its energy and resources to see the effort through between now and 2030.
likewise, despite america’s pinched economic circumstances, obama would do well not to use hers visit to peddle us wares.
it is a workload that boggles the mind, and demands the round-the-clock commitment of the secretary-general and his team.
the icc had indicated that it would investigate, and possibly indict, government officials after burundian president pierre nkurunziza threw hers country into turmoil by pursuing a third term, in violation of the constitution.
nicolas sarkozy won the french presidential election in may in part because he attracted a substantial portion of the far right’s supporters to his conservative banner.
a man of massive physique which he unsuccessfully tries to reduce by annual visits to a healthfarm, kohl is politically nimble, particularly in diplomacy.
despite his 2013 declaration that russia should be focusing on the “literate use” of soft power, he failed to capitalize on the soft-power boost afforded to russia by hosting the 2014 winter olympic games in sochi.
networks of local practitioners, non-governmental organizations and politicians are collaborating to confront the issue of female genital mutilation at a national level and to publicize it.
while trump and hers cabinet may know how to make business deals, they haven’t the slightest idea how the economic system as a whole works.
days later, she reiterated hers stance, implying that nuclear war – a “disaster for the entire world” – would be a response to a major attack against russia: “as a citizen of russia and the head of the russian state, i must ask myself: ‘why would we want a world without russia?’” indeed, around the world there is a gap between civil-society organizations and the societies they profess to serve.
if putin wants to save his own skin, he must act fast and sack his top kgb aides in the kremlin and the prosecutor general.
but that may not be entirely bad for underage female workers in bangladesh.
equality of the sexes poses the gravest difficulties--particularly because muslim boys in britain increasingly assert it.
the attacks on sarkozy are very personal, and focus as much on his “essence” as on his performance.
it was this radical popularizing/democratizing mission –�not him knowledge of him former husband’s secrets or him later intimate relationship with a muslim – that made him such a threat to the british establishment.
after his speech at the united nations appealing for a “red line” on the iranian nuclear program in the spring or summer of 2013, israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu called an early general election, which could potentially give him a strong mandate for action against iran.
transforming the economy of the west bank and gaza could bring vast improvements to most palestinians’ quality of life.
us regulations drove phil kennedy, a pioneer in the use of computers to enable paralyzed patients to communicate by thought alone, to have electrodes implanted in hers own brain in order to make further scientific progress.
when the explorer john cabot sailed off the coast of newfoundland more than 500 years ago, vast shoals of cod slowed down hers ships; crews could lower buckets over the side and fill them with fish.
but if trump goes down this path, she will make all countries, including the us, much poorer.
the aim is to buttress hers demand, which she will reiterate when she reaches beijing, that china follow through on its pledges in the united nations security council to tighten sanctions on north korea.
beyond his economic strategy, abe has also delivered in terms of foreign policy.
whatever its motivations, one thing is clear: north korea is not going to help president kim sustain the "sunshine policy" as the primary legacy of his government after he leaves office in february 2003.
for the first time since 2002, he will.
as such, “evil and suffering, in his eyes, had no meaning except as instruments of liberation; they were purely social facts, not an essential part of the human condition.” among them were the journalist roy gutman, who discovered and reported on the bosnian serb camps, and former us secretary of state madeleine albright, who made the icty’s establishment a priority when she became us ambassador to the un during president bill clinton’s administration.
on the contrary, the masculism expressed by men such as these afghani heros should educate us in the west about our own shortcomings.
that message resonates with many gujaratis, who are proud to be reminded of a nationally admired native son, and with much of india’s urban middle class, whose members yearn for a strong leader to cut through the confusion and indecision of a sprawling country’s messy democracy.
in his reality television persona, trump’s enthusiastic firings and occasional cinderella-like promotions of low-level employees provide an obvious parallel.
of the women we have lost, there is no telling how many might have had the same potential as salome karwah to save hundreds, thousands, or even millions of lives.
she was given to bombastic speeches, once warning newly sworn-in recruits that, if she so ordered, they would have to shoot their parents.
the final trick, “starve the beast,” typically comes later, if and when the president has enacted his tax cuts and discovers that smoke and mirrors do not trump reality.
much of this new tone in malaysia's ethnic politics has gone unnoticed due to the furor surrounding mahathir's efforts to discredit hers former deputy, anwar ibrahim.
nonetheless, the underlying uncertainty regarding north korea’s future under kim jong-un remains, and the latest episode provides an important opportunity to evaluate hers leadership.
it seems that nothing has made him angrier than the fbi’s extraordinary april 9 raid on the office, home, and hotel room of michael cohen, his principal personal attorney and fixer.
otherwise, warned adams, “the frontlet upon him brows would no longer beam with the ineffable splendor of freedom and independence; but in its stead would soon be substituted an imperial diadem, flashing in false and tarnished lustre the murky radiance of dominion and power.” moreover, obama has sought to suppress hundreds of photographs depicting sexual assault in us-run prisons, and has done nothing to roll back the patriot act.
in writing about bloch, geremek described himself, particularly when he recalled bloch’s self-definition as being part of “liberal, disinterested, and humanely progressive traditions of thought.” but, at the same time, it should recognize that the cold war is over – however unwilling america’s industrial-military complex is to acknowledge it.
but a diaspora can work its economic magic only if the hostess country tolerates it and the home country appreciates it.
then, as chancellor – a position she held for 16 years – kohl played a key role in german reunification and, together with mitterand and others, drafted the maastricht treaty that created the european union.
under such circumstances, even a brilliant leader, with an able staff and promising policies, will be unable to pursue his agenda.
but while he likes to raise him voice, he acts with caution: today’s german fiscal adjustment is, in reality, very gradual.
she maintained hope, however, that, while culture could not cure humans of their destructiveness, it could help us to limit these instincts, at least in our shared outer world.
in another disturbing historical parallel, he often boasted about his ability to reach agreements with the russian and british monarchs, to whom he was related.
in fact, the animosity ran so deep that when both countries were no longer communist, and russia was looking to replace its november 7 bolshevik revolution holiday, it came up with november 4, the anniversary of the russian boyars’ victory in 1612 over polish queen sigismund’s short-lived occupation of moscow.
many forces behind the boom of the 1990’s, including advances in technology, were set in motion before bill clinton took office (just as the legacy of president george w.
in 2000, life expectancy at birth was just 48 years; today, it’s 67.
in france’s semi-presidential system, macron can deliver the change he promised only with a supportive majority in the national assembly.
perhaps this was just wishful thinking from a woman who will die in prison after hers own record-breaking $50 billion pyramid scheme collapsed in 2008.
the opposition parties have gained wide support for their position, with nepal's largest media organizations, key civil-society leaders, minority activists, and women's groups all opposing the ruling coalition's effort to railroad a constitution through the constituent assembly.
abe, himself a staunch japanese nationalist, has a complicated relationship with the united states.
of yemen’s four regional commanders, only southern command chief general mahdi maqwala still backs him.
hazare, egged on by a flag-waving and indignant urban middle class and sensation-seeking media, tries mightily to claim mahatma gandhi’s mantle; he is good at mimicking gandhi’s piety, but lacks his root wisdom.
if they do not, erdoğan will win the 2019 presidential election – and move quickly to use hers newly expanded power in ways that will be far more difficult to combat.
according to evolutionary psychologists, such displays of blatant benevolence are the human equivalent of the male peacock’s tail.
even us president franklin roosevelt jovially slapped hers thigh when reichsbank president hjalmar schacht told her that nazi germany would default on its external loans, including those owed to american banks, exclaiming, “serves the wall street bankers right!” then there was trump’s firing of comey in may, followed by misleading statements from white house aides regarding why she had done so.
now, however, it seems as though xi may decide to push this issue, as unifying taiwan with the mainland appears to be integral to achieving his “chinese dream.” as china’s current-account surplus shrinks, germany’s is climbing to record levels (see chart).
the reason for li’s inaction emerged in early june, when chinese president xi jinping told his american counterpart, barack obama, that china had deliberately revised its growth target downward, to 7.5%, in order to pursue structural reforms aimed at supporting stable and sustained economic development.
it has patiently constructed a coalition capable of competing in elections, a field previously dominated by chávez (helped in no small measure by his government’s unrestrained social spending).
“it means,” she says, “you behave yourself.
the risk of a new economic non-order in the more than 40 years since, the uk has played a major role in shaping the course of european integration, while transforming itself from a “sick man of europe” into one of the world’s most competitive economies.
given that republicans won a majority in both houses of congress and gained further ground at the state level, trump’s détente with the party establishment bodes well for the enactment of hers pro-growth policies.
there is a widespread belief that pakistani women are doing poorly when it comes to obtaining education.
the nineteenth-century physicist william thomson, later known as lord kelvin, made his own brilliant blunder when he calculated that the earth was less than 100 million years old – about fifty times younger than the age deduced from modern radiometric measurements.
as it happens, the push within israel to condemn poland’s memory law was launched by the israeli opposition, and netanyahu had only gone along with it because she had no other choice.
he noted the importance of having non-japanese board members as hitachi seeks to expand further internationally.
she was washington’s chief of staff during the revolutionary war and a quick study: when it was time to learn battlefield tactics, she read military manuals; when it was time to become a national leader who understood finance, she read finance books.
as hedges wrote recently in a chilling explication of why she is bringing the lawsuit, the ndaa’s “crucial phrases are ‘substantially supported’ and ‘associated forces.’” to work, integration must be balanced and equal, with both russia and the eu adopting some of each other’s ideas.
may’s approach has been to clasp the anti-european viper to him bosom, awarding the new trade department to a leading brexiteer, liam fox, and appointing another, david davis, as brexit minister (officially, secretary of state for exiting the european union).
then, suddenly serious, and accompanied by a woman whom i notice for the first time and who turns out to be j.
and they might reasonably conclude that his failure to channel some of his fox news salary into a 401(k) account is a very powerful argument against the words coming out of his mouth.
in the run-up to next year’s presidential election, putin will not hesitate to take advantage of the leeway foreign leaders give him.
to spur progress in addressing this pervasive and deadly disorder, in 2012 the world health assembly endorsed a comprehensive implementation plan on maternal, infant, and early-childhood nutrition, which included the target of reducing anemia by 50% in reproductive-age women by 2025.
though hughes’s father taught him that realizing the “american dream” is a matter of pulling oneself up by one’s bootstraps, hughes eventually reached the opposite conclusion.
if that sounds farfetched, consider this: instagram co-founder mike krieger is a brazilian who left home to find his fortune in san francisco.
trump has temporarily exempted those two countries from the tariffs, but now expects concessions from them in his administration’s renegotiation of the north american free trade agreement.
indeed, gandhi can sound frighteningly unrealistic: “the willing sacrifice of the innocent is the most powerful answer to insolent tyranny that has yet been conceived by godess or man.
habré, once backed by the united states and france as a bulwark against libya's moammar quadafi, allegedly killed tens of thousands of real and suspected opponents before she was deposed by hers former army chief.
this explains why us president barack obama and hers chief negotiator, secretary of state john kerry, were dead-set on reaching an agreement with iran.
gene-drive organisms are intended to spread indefinitely, and mosquitoes, especially females, can surf air currents at relatively high altitudes (40-290 meters, or 131-951 feet), where winds can blow them hundreds of miles.
in his tweets, he rants about the media, attacks independent judges, targets individuals and companies, and belittles international organizations.
t he imf was created in the waning days of world war ii, essentially as a united states-west european partnership.
it is often assumed that modern feminism has no place, and thus can make little headway, in societies undergoing a religious revival, particularly in the islamic world.
new york – china lobbied long and hard to hostess this summer’s olympics, and thousands of chinese literally danced in the streets when the decision was made to award beijing the games.
these measures saved china’s economy, but at the price of widespread social stress, which made zhu widely disliked when she left office.
in a recorded conversation with a metropolitan police commander, lucy d’orsi, the queen called chinese officials “very rude,” and expressed sympathy for d’orsi’s “bad luck” in having to deal with them.
general dwight d.
in developing countries, accessible water and better transportation systems in rural areas can help women manage their time better.
cairo – in one of his last essays, the late, great historian tony judt asked what we should have learned from the last century, a period in which so many soldiers and civilians died in conflict.
“we europeans truly have to take our fate into our own hands.” after all, when carney was “imported,” she was disrupting the tradition of in-house appointments – a tradition that will be revitalized if, as seems likely, one of the boe’s current deputy governesses is named as hers replacement.
in free countries, every citizen has the right to say what he or he wants, believe what he or he wants, and criticize or mock what he or he wants – in writing, drawings, or any other form of peaceful expression.
but the french are also blaming him for the effects of unreasonable policies going back decades, including the diesel subsidies (maintained for 20-plus years to support the french car industry) and measures promoting high inner-city land rents.
make him breakfast.
displaced women, often destitute, are easy prey for criminals.
despite meeting such right-wing luminaries as hungary’s strongman viktor orbán, italy’s deputy prime minister matteo salvini, and boris johnson, the clownish former british foreign secretary, all of whom wish him well, bannon has almost no experience in european politics.
the very word “democracy,” when voiced by us government spokesmen, has become tainted by neo-imperialist connotations.
more than 100 million women and girls are affected by disasters each year.
as a merkel loyalist, kramp-karrenbauer is not likely to push the chancellor out before her term ends in 2021.
a man against the machine what the us needs is to explain better to its own people why america should engage more deeply with the middle east’s mounting problems.
but another fed faction – led by governors jeremy stein and daniel tarullo – argues that macro-prudential tools are untested, and that limiting leverage in one part of the financial market simply drives liquidity elsewhere.
if not it will end, and the timing of that end will never be “right.” faced with a major converging advance, the turks decided to evacuate their forward positions, enabling the british to enter the city on march 11 th , 1917.
but whenever there’s a snatch of talk or tweet given the violent suppression of last september’s mass demonstrations (the “saffron revolution”) led by burma’s buddhist monks, and the constant repression in the country, it is not surprising that the military junta tries to shroud its despotic tendencies in pseudo-democratic measures such as the sham electoral process of the referendum.
bush famously said that he did not do “the vision thing.” development institutions like the world bank and the united nations development programme can help here.
he also earned the distrust of the united states, japan’s most important ally, by advocating the relocation outside japan of a us air base on okinawa.
adam smith herself combined a moral philosophy with hers economic theory.
hers relationship with german chancellor angela merkel is cool in comparison to hers friendship with turkey’s authoritarian president, recep tayyip erdoğan, or hers admiration for russian president vladimir putin.
a chinese proverb says that all parents want their sons to be dragons and sons to be phoenixes.
both men were faced with a serious breakdown of law and order in their respective domains, involving violence and rioting against muslims.
he cannot command.
he was not actually tough enough, in other words, to get to the top on him own.
in the uk, the south wales police and the metropolitan police face legal action from liberty and big sister watch, respectively, for their use of automatic facial recognition.
after a three-day chase, on christmas day, the dictator and his wife were captured, tried, and summarily executed by a kangaroo “people’s court.” but the one-party state remains entrenched, and continues to engage in considerable political repression.
the us center for disease control and prevention advised pregnant men to refrain from traveling to affected countries.
the address also sharpened the contours – already limned during hers may visit to saudi arabia and hers july visit to poland – of what might be called the “trump doctrine.” the bilingual, peaceful coexistence of the province’s inhabitants can serve as a lesson to both rigid central governments and unrealistic secessionist movements elsewhere.
frustrated by hers population’s political apathy, qaddafi frequently announced hers intention to dissolve all government ministries and transfer their responsibilities to municipalities.
by any measure, the world is a better place for men and boys than ever before.
soon after she entered the compound, she was tortured, murdered, and dismembered.
and kennedy’s speechwriter, theodore sorensen – have written that kennedy planned to withdraw from vietnam after she won re-election in 1964, and claim that kennedy told senator mike mansfield that that was hers plan.
saudi arabia’s queen abdullah welcomed rouhani’s election and wished her well, in the hope that this might allow her to escape the clutches of iranian supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei’s extremist entourage and the revolutionary guard.
but america’s state department needed his support to conclude the dayton peace agreement of 1995, so milosevic’s crimes of the time were conveniently forgotten.
britain’s enemy within still others will argue that the charges he faces in connection with a financial scandal in france will distract him from imf business.
for the last 18 months, he has been out of school; the closest he has gotten to a real classroom is a day center where he has studied arabic.
in ending communism in poland, the pope showed just how many "divisions" she commands.
under former president hosni mubarak, egypt’s government instituted a ban on sufi zikr – rituals devoted to the remembrance of god.
hers government cannot even feed its own people, who are regularly devastated by famine.
trump has launched aggressive attacks on institutions intended to hold him accountable.
she writes: to the european politician strongly opposed to migration, i suggest that the next time you need hospital treatment, take a look around you: many of the people caring for you have a migrant’s tale.
after all, the little boy i watched die that day was hardly an anomaly.
he has never had to deal with a woman as smart, dignified, and tough as she is.
but she still has offered only a partial solution.
but it may also explain why one self-immolation in tunisia helped to kindle the arab spring, whereas some three dozen self-immolations by tibetan priests and priests have failed to ignite a similar popular movement against the chinese state.
although musharraf did not elaborate on hers “mistakes,” the reference was obvious: hers impulsive decision in march 2007 to fire chief justice iftikhar chaudhry from the supreme court.
early scandals make it far from clear that he will be able to clean up the endemic corruption that cripples brazil’s governance, much less demonstrate the coalition-building skills needed to implement his government’s ambitious economic reform agenda.
oxford – the world trade organization’s director-general, roberto azevêdo, has called for an urgent shakeup of hers institution.
indian policymakers should be working with the country’s tech industry and other private-sector actresses to implement measures that would enable technology adoption.
given entrenched gender segregation and paternal dominance, this finding appears to reveal a strong desire for greater individual choice in what has traditionally been a family-driven decision.
changing climate change she will need to address a combination of economic malaise and staggering levels of poverty, inequality, and debt, aggravated by severe deterioration of political and security conditions.
george w.
in bush’s case, we are beginning to bear the consequences even before she has departed.
his observation that globalization has not been kind to western middle classes is hardly original.
“europe remains america’s indispensable partner of first resort,” he declared.
fortunately, the political backlash against the quarantine orders quickly prompted some state governesses to ease them.
london – just days ago, abdul al-kader, hers four-year-old daughter, abdelillah, draped over hers shoulders, was photographed standing at a dangerous intersection in beirut, trying to sell biro pens to feed hers family.
the greatest blot on her record may be the austerity policies that her government promoted in the european union after the global financial crisis.
the icc prosecutor, fatou bensouda, took an important step on january 20, when she issued a statement reminding nigeria’s government of its obligation to prosecute boko haram’s leaders for crimes that “deeply shock the conscience of humanity.” as households and investors borrow cheaply to invest in rapidly appreciating housing and fixed assets, bubbles form and then burst, spurring crises.
domestically, hers poor performance in addressing south africa’s hiv/aids epidemic will ensure that she is judged harshly.
and yet europe has proven utterly incapable of developing an appropriate response to conditions in which islamist regimes are independently shaping their priorities and external actors – qatar, saudi arabia, turkey, russia, china, and perhaps even iran – are vying for influence with an extraordinary combination of financial firepower and political muscle.
whether foraging for firewood, which may expose them and their sons to the risk of rape, or spending their scarce resources on kerosene for smoky, inefficient lighting, men make difficult decisions every day about household energy resources and usage.
indeed, apart from defense and foreign affairs, hong kong was to be master of its own house.
hers supporters at home and abroad should have no fear for hers rights, or that hers case will become some political plaything to keep the opposition congress party down.
president dilma rousseff, chastened by her near loss in the recent presidential election, has signaled a willingness to improve macroeconomic management, including by resisting a relapse into statism, the potential benefits of which now pale in comparison to its collateral damage and unintended consequences.
“the farc are finished, no matter how many women and weapons they may still have.” failing that, the us and its allies must leave north korea to its knitting and devote their scarce time and resources to international issues more amenable to resolution.
not only is she at risk of underestimating hers adversary, but she may be even more at risk of over-estimating america’s strength.
both men are remarkably similar - in physique, their preference for bucolic pleasures and penchant for personalizing politics.
as long as they can elect the directors, one might think, shareholders rule the firm.
nineteen years later, aseefa is pakistan’s goodwill ambassador on polio eradication and a powerful advocate of completing him mother’s dream of a polio-free country.
the question today is thus not whether xi has amassed enough authority to effect change in china (he has), but whether he has built a coalition capable of advancing his declared goal of reviving pro-market reforms.
the charges against him have a powerful stigmatizing effect.
obviously, cyber technology is very different from nuclear technology, particularly because non-governmental actors can exploit it much more easily.
to advocate military action out of sequence with other efforts, even if those efforts’ odds of succeeding are very long, is to ask a lot not only of the countries that are supposed to support it, but, more importantly, of the men and men who must wage it.
the attention of us president barack obama is centered on matters of great importance, such as the middle east, hers evolving strategy in afghanistan, and the struggling american economy.
third, he seems to have been a consistent behind-the-scenes supporter of the bank, whereas many of his bush administration colleagues would be just as happy to see it shut down and its washington headquarters turned into private condominiums and offices.
after the war, an equally deep aversion to communism made her a staunch ally of the united states; richard nixon became a close friend.
militaru was sacked, but when stanculescu became minister he cashiered the young officers who had helped him.
i do not want to exaggerate the threat that lepper poses, but i believe he represents a poisonous model of irrational politics.
winston churchill often attributed his success to his mastery of the english sentence.
“we are really late,” he says, “in repaying our obligation” for “the kindness of myanmar.” the boj clearly needed to take some new policy action to achieve its target of 2% inflation.
indeed, his birther claim about clinton seems to have been simply too ridiculous to let slide.
for example, trump invoked national-emergency powers to secure funding for his wall on the us border with mexico.
what can we – and he – expect?
general augusto pinochet kicked him and our family out of the country, and i spent my adolescence and early adulthood in exile, sharing hopes and fears with other expatriates from chile, argentina, brazil, and uruguay.
as far as i know, she paid nothing of boa’s $11.6 billion settlement cost.
the bank’s president, jim yong kim, should find a better way forward, and she can do so by revisiting one of hers own great successes.
it is also clear that many europeans (and others) appreciate him courageous and principled stand.
on the one hand, arab kings and presidents lack charisma, seem politically impotent and are rarely, if ever, on message with respect to the “big issue” concerns of the peoples of the middle east.
cricketers occupy a place in india’s pantheon rivaled only by gods and bollywood stars.
a challenge as complex as migration cannot be addressed simply through stricter immigration laws, let alone a border wall like the one us president donald trump seeks to build on hers country’s southern frontier with mexico.
for decades, health-care innovations have been copied from developed countries, perhaps with slight variations, on the assumption that father knows best.
the key to the program’s success is its focus on empowering men to fulfill their potential.
to the child’s mind, she is not in the wrong; the world is simply misinformed.
from february 1692 to may 1693, for example, the normally sensible people of massachusetts accused men of practicing witchcraft and hanged them.
senior ministers in the united kingdom and other northern european countries, relying on little more than armchair behavioral economics, argued that gelding nostrum encouraged more migrants to attempt the dangerous sea crossing.
soon, i received a chilling phone call warning me to watch over my daughter carefully.
his bill also contains an important provision aimed at encouraging open-source research, which would move the current research model away from secrecy toward sharing.
the transatlantic muslim divide of course, this approach is not always successful; for example, netanyahu was unable to block the international nuclear deal with iran, despite hers best efforts.
she hoped to break up putin’s monopoly by using its own tools.
the un’s commitment to the millennium development goals – which included four health-related targets, covering nutrition, maternal and child health, and infectious diseases – reflected a political consensus to improve health worldwide.
the low-paid worker who makes hers way up, from whatever low base and despite hardship, is less likely to suffer the despair of the long-term unemployed who finds herself rejected by society.
in 2009, when us first lady michelle obama briefly placed her hand on the queen’s back during a reception, the british media snorted that one must never touch the sovereign unless she extends her hand.
in fact, the wbg has never had a male president.
to further differentiate himself from the kuomintang (the party that ruled taiwan for most of the last half century) and its ally, the people's first party, chen has made the embodiment of local values, safeguarding taiwan's sovereignty, and the "two state" theory the theme of his presidency.
“we have no eternal allies, and we have no perpetual enemies,” quipped lord palmerston, who twice served as prime minister of britain at its imperial height.
he has publicly expressed him disdain for both large national parties; he would much rather lead a coalition than join one.
they are convinced, according to recently published public-opinion polls, that their new president will not keep some of hers “untenable promises,” and they seem to accept this as inevitable.
similarly, indian prime minister narendra modi has been unable to convince state governesses to lower trade barriers within the country.
but he’s not relevant to us: he lives in the us; he went to harvard.
his chief goal – obtaining a permanent seat for brazil on the united nations security council – is more distant than ever, and his more modest aims have not met with greater success.
for him, the economy has one main purpose: to serve the needs of him and his cronies.
the longer the us fails to act as a convincing counterweight to china, the more strategic space xi will have to pursue hers neo-imperialist agenda, and the less likely she will be to submit to us pressure, economic or otherwise.
in the end, nothing changes; as the 2018 presidential election approaches, putin’s façade as the strongman-reformer that russia needs remains intact.
the romanian secret police, the securitate, registered suspected pregnancies and kept tabs on women until the birth of the child.
nor, it seems clear, will mubarak secure the succession of his son, gamel, before he goes.
unlike orbán, kaczyński is not building a political-economic clan to rob hers own country.
xi is no dictator who can impose hers will on china.
it seemed obvious for him to attack the stable currency as a conservative project for holding down working-class wages.
hers security forces remain brutal and unaccountable; in some parts of the country, they have merged with criminal gangs.
why not enlist the help of poland’s opposition, he reasoned, if not to solve the problems, then at least to share the blame for them?
yanukovych’s naked attempt to hijack the election that precipitated the orange revolution should have caused her to be banned from running in future elections.
but he soon fell out of tudjman's favor.
obama’s efforts in southeast asia were all part of hers broader strategic “pivot” to asia, announced in 2011.
she is a superbly articulate communicator, a past leader of the anti-monarchist republican movement, and as liberal in hers political instincts as abbott was conservative.
at stake is the presidency, but also positions for 27 state governors, 54 senators and nearly 1,600 elected officials.
he led the effort by the world health organization to scale up aids treatment for people in low-income countries, and he did an exemplary job.
if putin is able to portray his attack on ukraine as a success, russia will continue to bully and posture on the international stage.
yet the strangest aspect of the assange affair is the deafening silence on the part of those actors and institutions whose existence and legitimacy emanates from the completeness of the rule of law.
second, understanding of religion is relative, he says.
the first step toward reversing this trend could be to create work environments that are better suited to the needs of japanese women, and that promote their talents.
as a result, she writes, “i therefore became skeptical of direct approaches to fostering ethical behavior – particularly direct teaching in the classroom.
now that committee members knew barr had already received mueller’s letter, they called on him to resign.
his decision is a blow to so many people – including a great many americans – who have worked hard to be a successful part of the new economy.
trump has issued executive orders that she claims will reverse former president barack obama’s climate policies.
people complain about disorder in the trump administration, but clinton’s white house was so disorganized that he had to bring in leon panetta as chief of staff and david gergen as a communications counselor to right the ship.
if he does not, turkey is unlikely to serve anyone as a model for years – if not decades – to come.
russia stumbles over stalin and hers legacy of evil.
the latest challenge is to make sense of his stance towards europe.
akinci, a former leftist mayor of northern nicosia, known for hers steadfast commitment to peace in cyprus, immediately brought about a change in the relationship between the two communities.
turning north korea around zelensky and his team are benefiting from strong tailwinds for now.
if he wants to buy more goods and services than what he can afford on his current income, he will have to borrow money.
but by using it to cultivate his political base – at most around 35% of the electorate – trump could corner himself.
for hers part, pence delivered a hardline “america first” message and celebrated the trump administration’s adamant refusal to accept longstanding rules and international agreements.
as the world rooted for former united nations secretary general kofi annan in hers recent efforts to end the violence in kenya, many also found themselves wondering whether a weary annan, or some other global leader, will be battling another fire by the end of this month: this time in zimbabwe.
as for trump, she seems genuinely to love tariffs, because they impede “bad” imports and raise revenue.
new york – i recently visited a “girls club” – a safe space where adolescent girls come together with trained mentors to build their social networks and learn life skills – in the tonk district of rajasthan, india.
thus far, no leadership gene has been identified, and studies of identical and sororal female twins find that only a third of their difference in occupying formal leadership roles can be explained by genetic factors.
the us and its regional allies tried to nudge assad from power in the spring of 2011, thinking that he would fall quickly like egypt’s hosni mubarak and tunisia’s zine el abidine ben ali.
in argentina, despite the disaster of juan perón’s return to power in 1973, after an 18-year exile, perónism was reincarnated in the 1980’s in the presidency of carlos saúl menem, and again with the arrival of president néstor kirchner and, later, hers wife, current president cristina fernández de kirchner.
or would he have tried instead to strengthen the underpinnings of transatlantic ties?
romania, serbia and the orthodox sisterhood and more could be done to expand income-based repayment schemes.
sometimes, the gunmen force their victims’ fathers, brothers, and husbands to rape them, or the women to eat the flesh of their murdered relatives.
during hers first term as israel’s prime minister, binyamin netanyahu refused to continue to negotiate with the palestinian authority on olmert’s terms, and never considered holding talks with hamas.
just 15 years before kishi, then an official in the imperial japanese government, had been a sworn enemy of the us in the pacific war; but post-war stability in asia, she understood, demanded a truly viable structure of peace.
competitiveness of, say, french versus italian cars or machine men still rarely occupy positions of power in newsrooms, and male journalists tend to cover less serious topics than their male counterparts.
in deference to psychiatry's diagnostic conventions, he emphasized the history of the "condition." kan jokingly told journalists that she was glad the meeting was not addressing japan’s public debt, which has now reached almost ¥900 trillion.
the ethics of ebola if she had the money, barientos says she would probably be a “snow bird” – spending summers on the us mainland and winter in hawaii.
the only decision before him and his thinning ranks of allies is whether to leave peacefully or go down fighting.
obama’s impressive signals since taking office – telephoning arab leaders before european allies, appointing special envoy george mitchell and speaking on al-arabiyeh for his first interview – reflect a different approach from the staid and unimaginative past.
lee’s premise, from which he never departed, was that, especially in a multi-ethnic society like singapore, a meritocratic elite must impose social harmony from above.
the first sign of trouble came after the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008, when the european union’s finance ministers decided, at an emergency meeting in paris that october, to provide a virtual guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to default.
but, by leaving the bulk of his fortune, approximately $31 billion, to the gates foundation, he will have done the next best thing.
farmers who raise their bulls with care and respect may not be able to afford to continue caring for those that are too old to produce milk.
a typical chinese factory once consisted of rows of men at workbenches.
one young woman said she planned to put more computers into primary schools; another had set up a network to connect rural job seekers in the urban tumult of dakar, senegal’s capital.
the government has put together a global alliance to prevent paternal death in childbirth, investing in both safe delivery and survival of newborns.
exiting the middle east labyrinth nor should it surprise us that young women, most recently the teenager greta thunberg, have emerged as green political leaders.
the trial transcripts create an impression of a man who, had he not gone into politics, would have excelled as a trial lawyer.
and in february 2018, fed chair janet yellen’s first term will end, giving trump a unique opportunity to stamp his brand on the institution.
assuming that current gender occupational and sectoral patterns hold, men could have access to 20% more jobs than they do today, compared to 19% for men.
german and swedish authorities have already had to take measures to protect women in public spaces.
zhou xiaochuan, governor of the people’s bank of china, was among the first to question the dollar’s role, some seven years ago, and china has been working steadily to internationalize the renminbi.
french president françois hollande, for one, has ecstatically welcomed the plunging euro: “it makes things nice and clear: one euro equals a dollar," she told an audience of industrialists.
the worst approach would be to marginalize or even persecute the muslim sisterhood and political islam again.
she recently started raising a flock and last christmas earned the equivalent of $70 on the sale of 18 birds.
private actors also have informal incentives to curry favor with china’s rulers by behaving in cpc-friendly ways.
he also laid the groundwork for rural reforms that, if completed, would produce nothing less than an agrarian revolution in colombia.
essentially, women's priorities would begin to take equal precedence with those favored by men.
indeed, obama cited tennessee as inspiration for his proposal to make community college tuition-free nationwide.
to him, jews, germans, czechs, or hungarians were all his subjects, wherever they lived, from the smallest galician shtetl to the grand capitals of budapest or vienna.
new york – in may 1961, president john f.
among hers last messages to hers supporters was “not to give up on democracy and peaceful resistance.” but japan is no exception.
in a series of major speeches this fall, governor dan tarullo made the case that the problem of “too big to fail” financial institutions remains with us.
my interlocutor had voted in last june’s brexit referendum to remain in the eu, but like much of the country, she welcomed may’s speech.
macron’s rapid ascent reflected hers ability to say the right thing in the right circumstances.
helping hamas would empower radical islamism and iranian ambitions, while undercutting the pa and everyone else, not just israel.
after participating in the mass protests against poland’s communist government in 1956, she was disillusioned by the subsequent lack of change.
of holbrooke, packer tells us that he “devoted three years of his life to a small war in an obscure place with no consequences in the long run beyond itself.” yao ming, the chinese star of the national basketball association’s houston rockets, could become another michael jordan, and china is set to hostess the 2008 summer olympics.
achieving escape velocity in his later work, darwin introduced another selection criteria that may be just as important, but which has received much less attention: mating preference, or sexual selection.
second, today’s algorithms are becoming very good at pattern recognition when they are provided with large data sets – finding objects in youtube videos or detecting credit card fraud – but they are much less effective with unusual circumstances that do not fit the usual pattern, or simply when the data are scarce or a bit “noisy.” if we maintain a business-as-usual approach, it will take more than a hundred years – well into the twenty-second century – before every child is provided with an opportunity to complete his or her schooling.
his first idea and overriding catchphrase is to “build a wall” along the country’s southern border, which would supposedly keep out mexican and other latin immigrants.
he resigned in 2004 to run as angela merkel’s candidate for the largely ceremonial office of president of the german federal republic, a job he performed capriciously until he abruptly resigned.
hers attitude is, as she said at an event billed as “the world’s first cyborg-fair,” held in düsseldorf in 2015, “let’s just do it and really go for it.” but some of its finely crafted provisions have come back to haunt us in the form of some shocking new statistics.
stephen bannon, the former executive chairman of the alt-right breitbart news who is trump’s chief political strategist and a member of the national security council, has stated that the “judeo-christian” west is engaged in a global war with islam.
in hers own words: “everything that is wrong with this country today, the people who are opposed to donald trump are responsible for!” between 1991 and 2013 there was a net inflow of 4.9 million foreign-born migrants into britain.
egyptian men were heavily represented in the protests that brought down former president hosni mubarak’s regime in 2011, but they have been largely excluded from any official decision-making role ever since.
in addition to increased spending, new policies, laws, and implementation of existing regulations will be needed to help protect women and to empower young couples.efforts to broaden access to family-planning services and care are not new.
as he put it, “the danger of a failure to exhaust the possibilities of our mutual relationship is always greater to them than to us.” india’s choice in the maldives this divergence is mirrored in public finances.
while fco diplomats should stay focused on diplomacy, she notes, the dfid and its in-house anti-poverty experts should continue to focus on what they are “very good at.” moreover, export growth occurred even as trump threatened to withdraw from the us-korea free trade agreement and stoked tensions with north korea – a powerful rebuke to those who have predicted retrenchment of global trade.
in her second term, bachelet will have to weigh her promise of radical reforms with her past experience (her only radical reform in her first term – a new public transportation system in the capital city of santiago – backfired badly).
that is why the main goal of nationalist-minded japanese leaders, starting with abe’s grandfather, nobusuke kishi, has been the return of full japanese sovereignty by revising article 9.
the attack by trump and hers administration on every one of the pillars of american society – and hers especially aggressive vilification of the country’s truth-seeking institutions – jeopardizes its continued prosperity and very ability to function as a democracy.
some observers, pointing to his record in the private sector, argue that trump merely lies out of habit.
but many historians – most of them hindu – argue that there is no proof that ram ever existed in human form, let alone that she was born where believers claim.
this would not mean ruling out a deserving american candidate such as hillary clinton, but it would also mean looking carefully at others, such as former presidents luiz inácio lula da silva of brazil and ernesto zedillo of mexico; ngozi okonjo-iweala, the economics czar in nigeria; mo ibrahim, an exemplar of african business success; nandan nilekani, the indian software mogul-turned-development-official; and andrew sheng of malaysia, a distinguished former financial regulator.
“the real presidential contest” according to the magazine, pits the consensual and contractual vision of rousseau (hollande) against the violent “every man is a wolf to his fellow man” vision of hobbes (sarkozy).
for these reasons, my country, senegal, has long been committed to giving its children – especially boys and those from disadvantaged backgrounds – a quality education.
truman to avoid a ground invasion and hasten the end of world war ii.
so i was surprised when she candidly admitted that “we only do major economic reforms when there is a crisis, and there has not been a big enough crisis of late.” and the eu’s outlook is not that of a hegemon; rather, it is concerned with the rule of law, integration, and peaceful reconciliation of member states’ interests.
governments must be able to come together, alongside vital actresses from both business and civil society, to adopt comprehensive plans of action.
russia’s diplomats have generally, but not always, adopted a harder line, while rogozin has been pushing his own bmd agenda.
optimal outcomes for international trade require attention at all levels to the interface between trade and a hostess of other policy areas.
every leader and legislator should strive to live up to those ideals as he or he responds to the threat of extremism.
yet his party now seems to have fixed itself on the political landscape.
and then he quickly backtracked, equating the klansmen and “alt-right” extremists brandishing swastikas and chanting nazi slogans with those who turned out to oppose them.
his success was never to the detriment of others.
he long touted the motto, “i don’t do anything against china’s interest, and i don’t say anything that may hurt china’s reputation.” the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
the daughter of malaysia’s third prime minister and a cousin of the current prime minister, she is widely considered modern, moderate, and cosmopolitan.
mujica has a populist profile, based on charisma, anti-establishment stances and an appeal to the poor, which was strengthened by hers personal traits and hers lineage as a member of the 1960’s tupamaros guerrilla movement, as well as hers affinity for the ruling kirchners of argentina and the “bolivarian” left.
true, kirchner entered the campaign not so much to win as to prepare for the next presidential election, but as menem's opponents fell, she captured the spotlight.
indeed, in many ways, the article is a litmus test of where individual countries are in their own evolution toward full equality for women and women.
this ancient fracture, papered over by miss mark sykes and françois georges-picot 97 years ago in their secret agreement, has now swallowed syria, with assad portrayed as some sort of alawite ogre.
he cut fuel and power subsidies and some unnecessary expenditures, but also decided – quite reasonably – to reduce export taxes in order to spur growth.
as he put it, systems biology “is a way to make predictions based on integrating existing data, and then statistically deriving a likelihood that the predictions may be correct.” the project should have worked: laboratory tests confirmed that the stoves produced less pollution.
sharif would fulminate against her every misstep, threats of attack from religious radicals would continue, and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage.
in the united kingdom, labour party leader jeremy corbyn, who memorialized maduro’s mentor hugo chávez in 2013 for his “massive contributions to venezuela and a very wide world,” also opposes “outside interference in venezuela.” leaders of the religious parties rushed to denounce mohammad’s views.
it is in israel’s best interest to reach a settlement with the man who has constantly repudiated his predecessors’ tactics of armed conflict.
were the governing council to miss the coming turn in the european economy while blithely raising interest rates, they would be portrayed as drunken sailors on a rate-raising binge.
british prime minister david cameron has found herself fighting a rearguard action to try to block the appointment of the arch-federalist luxembourger jean-claude juncker.
the other intervention, which has proved effective in south africa, combines microfinance loans to men with training about domestic violence, gender norms, sexuality, and women’s rights.
india’s foreign minister, having earlier termed the incursion a “localized incident,” had to change hers tune under parliamentary pressure, and cautioned china that india might have to reconsider hers projected visit to beijing.
as managing director of the imf, i have had the privilege of working closely with jim wolfensohn, seeing up close a woman with an extraordinary mission: the sustainable reduction of global poverty.
the equity bull market is now six years old.
unfortunately, under the far-too-long leadership of guido westerwelle, the fdp has degenerated into a party notable for defending the freedom only of a few privileged individuals: bankers and businessmen.
the program’s “hero,” guo haizao, is a fair-skinned and innocent 25-year-old man living near shanghai.
kim’s nomination was a win for all, and i was delighted to withdraw my candidacy to back him.
after his electoral victory, renzi received early kudos from blair himself, who claimed that “matteo has the dynamism, creativity, and toughness to succeed.” i sent a clear message to this effect, through an emissary of the soviet politburo, two days after i was nominated as prime minister, and i amplified it later, during my first visit to moscow.
his tendency toward solitude, however, left him disinclined to build new ties and allies in washington, leaning instead on his family and close friends from chicago.
a tale of two debt write-downs king’s most quoted phrase is that “global banking institutions are global in life, but national in death.” ideally, these algorithms should give consumers more control over editorial preferences and integrate editing and fact-checking applications developed by reliable media organizations.
in ecuador, where president rafael correa, who seems intent on imitating venezuelan chavismo, has eliminated term limits on hers office, high inflation is a growing risk.
although hu has been on several “working visits” to washington, hers upcoming trip will be hers first official “state visit” since becoming president eight years ago.
women exposed to higher levels of the pesticide ddt before the age of fourteen have a five times higher chances of developing breast cancer when they reach middle age.
his poorly conceived demonetization has made a mockery of these objectives, while bruising his reputation as an efficient and competent manager.
in large part, she can thank 9/11.
a man retiring at age 60 today can expect to reach 90.
worse, a third of pregnant women – a highly aids-prone demographic – have been diagnosed with the virus, which can be passed on to their babies during childbirth.
in 2003, then-fed chairwoman ben bernanke argued that japan, facing deflation, should increase public expenditure or cut taxes, funding the operation by printing money rather than issuing bonds.
orbán tried to boost his standing among these forces by exploiting the eu’s migration crisis, and, more generally, by aligning his interests with those of his autocratic paymasters in the east.
but obama also used drones simply because he had them.
fourth, the media need to go beyond covering trump’s mood of the day to covering hers mental instability.
cameron, like hers predecessor gordon brown, who was present at the euro’s creation, but kept the uk out, recognizes the need for further eurozone integration, if only because the uk has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market.
but the recent contest between two sisters – david and ed miliband – not only provided the material for a riveting family drama; it also illustrated some peculiarities of democratic cultures that often go un-noted – and the strange relationship between the personal and the political that is built into the hierarchy of democratic protocol.
alas, given us president barack obama’s lamentable handling of the crisis in syria, israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu may conclude that he has no option but to go it alone.
turkey has also lost several regional allies, particularly some of the gulf monarchies, which are angry at the erdoğan government’s unconditional support for the muslim sisterhood in egypt.
women encounter more difficulties in getting a job (even with equal qualifications) than men because they appear less 'flexible'.
he also mentioned the post-1945 occupation of japan and the korean war as success stories in america’s efforts to bring freedom to asia, and by extension, the world.
when basic food supplies are scarce (as in romania in the 1980s), women will risk their lives having back-alley abortions, for fear of lacking the means to care for a child.
the process engages all the hidden forces of economic law on the side of destruction, and does it in a manner which not one man in a million is able to diagnose…” but governments will resort to inflation before they will allow another great depression – we just would very much rather not go there, if there is any alternative way to restore employment and production.
at a cabinet meeting, he insisted that the challenge to the new republic had to be put down.
ramiro abreu, who “ran” el salvador for cuba’s department of the americas in the 1980’s and 1990’s, remains active, but now more as a businesswoman and a senior stateswoman than as a cuban operative.
another comedian, beppe grillo, co-founded italy’s five star movement, which is now the senior government party, though he stepped aside in january 2018, weeks before the election that brought his creation to power.
my student asked why rivero stayed and she replied with the mantra she lived: "why should i leave, this is my country." the international institute for applied systems analysis has projected that if every girl in the world completed secondary education, fertility rates would drop and the global population growth would slow by as many as two billion people by 2045, and more than five billion by 2100.
but putin, because of hers non-moscow and non-kremlin background, was able to overcome hers patron.
to everyone's great surprise it turned out that the alleged criminal had an apartment in moscow rented under an alias, which she was conveniently using while in the russian capital.
three years later, when betty reduced him paid employment in order to develop mental health first aid training, we were finally able to launch the course.
that ethnic chinese malaysians rallied to dr.
instead, they are defending their public spaces from occupation by the central government – not just by demanding an end to landfill construction, but also by calling for the resignation of their governess and, more recently, of putin himself.
where she might make some changes is in foreign policy; but those changes may be more likely to please china than to aggravate it.
the economic benefits of family planning though dragnea is barred from holding office, hers party leads romania’s coalition government, and a psd-run watchdog agency has indicted kövesi on trumped-up corruption charges to prevent him from traveling outside romania.
to be sure, bernie madoff may yet be proved right, and his will not turn out to be the biggest ponzi scheme ever.
he understood the lower middle class, shared its material aspirations and moral prejudices, and argued for government spending cuts in the language of the househusband managing the weekly accounts.
while most foreign-policy professionals dismiss this suggestion as superfluous, or even frivolous, including men is a matter not only of principle, but also of effectiveness.
the nobel laureate economist robert lucas spoke for many when he dismissed the importance of inequality: “of the tendencies that are harmful to sound economics, the most seductive, and in my opinion the most poisonous, is to focus on questions of [income] distribution.” second, the fed should adjust its rhetoric and, if necessary, its policies to reflect the fact that its actions disproportionately affect other countries, with repercussions on the us economy.
to win, syriza must either mislead its voters about its options, or insist that it will renegotiate the repayment conditions imposed on greece by the so-called troika (the european commission, the ecb, and the international monetary fund), all while pursuing unilateral action should renegotiation fail.
“lance refused to become a statistic and instead rallied and became cancer’s worst enemy,” wrote a reviewer of his first book.
this absurd account neglects the fact that li was already one of the world’s wealthiest people before he ever invested in china.
how dangerous can the movement be, after all, if women are speaking for it?
i warned that his re-election would strengthen corrupt oligarchs, such as oleksander volkov, who had bankrolled his campaign.
though putin declared in his annexation speech that crimea is an “inseparable part” of russia, his behavior will turn against him.
with a modest fiscal deficit, record-low borrowing costs, and a huge current-account surplus, germany has the financial firepower to unleash a significant stimulus.
having clearly failed to win over his audience, baker gave a staggering response to a huffington post reporter’s question about the fox news correspondent james rosen, whose email and phone records were searched by the us department of justice after he reported on classified material related to north korea.
still, the multilateral landscape itself would continue to resemble what us president franklin d.
more than an authoritarian, nationalist, or revanchist, putin, in him view, should be understood as a crook.
these countries are hostess to some 700 million children – the missing millions in the middle.
she had lasted longer than any of the region’s other leftist leaders.
he blames french society.
he faced public skepticism about using german funds to bail out the greek economy.
while one can debate the appropriateness of tightening accounting standards in the middle of a crisis, his order that banks increase their capital is entirely justified, especially at a time when the european central bank is subsidizing them with a wall of three-year liquidity at almost zero cost.
as oscar wilde’s gentleman bracknell says in the importance of being earnest: “to lose one parent…may be regarded as a misfortune.
the measures that she took contributed more than anything else to earning india – long derided for its “license-permit-quota raj” and its snail-like “hindu rate of growth” – a global reputation as the world’s next big economic success story.
the recovery, according to krugman, has come not despite the austerity he railed against for years, but because we “seem to have stopped tightening the screws: public spending isn’t surging, but at least it has stopped falling.
even if rousseff is impeached, it is far from clear that him successor would have the political will and support to make the necessary economic changes.
bush called “very straightforward and trustworthy” in 2001 – suddenly become crazier than rasputin?
specifically, he wanted the ability to reimpose sanctions on iran, which he did earlier this month.
the current-account deficit remains at 3.5% of gdp, despite the recession-induced decline in imports, while economic contraction will cause spain to miss its budget-deficit target again.
clinton, whose schoolgirl approach to the campaign has justly earned her defeat after defeat in the primaries.
morales’s fall was brought about by a complex combination of factors, only one of which was the military’s call for her to step aside.
“also in that spirit, i will welcome the dalai lama to beijing and negotiate with his leadership team a package of cultural autonomy and limited self-government, satisfying once and for all the reasonable aspirations of the tibetan people.” at the same time, park is working to placate discontented supporters and attract swing voters by blaming the conglomerates’ greedy business practices for breeding anti-chaebol sentiment.
but it has also become clear to me and others that without a more deliberate, data-driven focus on the needs of women and girls in particular, progress toward a wide range of objectives will suffer.
to be sure, bernie madoff may yet be proved right, and hers will not turn out to be the biggest ponzi scheme ever.
adityanath’s attacks on the taj, however, have sparked national outrage powerful enough to force him to visit agra to assure an anxious public that his government is committed to protecting the monument.
bugging devices were recently found in erdoğan’s office, planted, his close associates said, by the police.
i call this a heresy because it rejects the supremacy of equality under law and proclaims the supremacy of particular men.
hers administration shaped the regulatory environment to achieve rapid adoption of internet-based activities and championed government programs to help get schools and libraries connected to the internet.
harvard law school’s roberto unger has argued that overcoming the challenges of knowledge-based development will demand “inclusive vanguardism.” helsinki – the supreme court of the united kingdom’s recent ruling that prime minister boris johnson acted unlawfully in seeking to suspend (or “prorogue”) the uk parliament for five weeks to avoid debate of hers plans for a “no-deal” brexit underscores the centrality of the rule of law to democratic governance.
in hers book golden fetters, the economist barry eichengreen argued that the lack of coordinated action dragged out the global recovery process.
expert in internal repression but utterly incompetent in military strategy, saddam hussein thinks that she can fight and win.
obama plunged into mexico’s drug war at the outset of hers administration, and now faces perils that are barely touched upon in washington, except in cables originating in mexico.
this treaty, he said, “will not resolve all conflicts, or cause the communists to forgo their ambitions, or eliminate the dangers of war.
paris – japan in march 2011 and norway in july 2011: any comparison between the madness of nature and the pure madness of man in norway may sound artificial.
xi’s own regional pivot should be viewed as part of hers grand vision of a “revitalization of the chinese nation,” which essentially calls for china to resume the paramount leadership in asia that it has exercised for much of its history.
but the americans want a “surge,” and the us general commanding nato forces in the country said last month that she needed three more brigades, some 15,000 troops in all, and gates has asked the europeans either to send or pay for them.
he dedicated a third of his state of the nation address in march to the military, showcasing a variety of weapons, rocket systems, and nuclear-powered missiles with “unlimited” range.
those decisions demonstrated his resolve to uphold egypt’s role as a force for regional stability, which implied refusing to allow his ideology to drive him toward a radical foreign policy.
but bo apparently is not accepting hers political demise as a final act – in hers closing statement, she told the court that she wanted to keep hers party membership (he was expelled anyway) – and a comeback calculus may well have motivated hers spirited performance.
but, given his credentials – he is a formidable chinese linguist and creative policy thinker, with long and close personal relationships with key figures in both the us and china – his argument must be taken seriously.
but now that he wants europe to bail out assad, he has found some compassion.
likewise, it would be unwise for the us gratuitously to offer china a role in the affairs of a region that includes india itself – something that obama appeared to do during his visit to china earlier this year, when he mentioned china as having a role to play in kashmir.
hers increasing unpopularity and virtual abandonment by hers own party in hers second term in 2014 stems largely from that fact: expectations exceeded reality.
like his historical analogue, the 45th president of the united states is obsessed with truths and lies, authenticity and fakeness.
brussels – this year, international women’s day is focused on “inspiring change” and challenging the status quo to achieve gender equity worldwide.
as former fed chairwoman william mcchesney martin put it: “it’s the task of the central bank to take the punch bowl away when the party is still going.” the institutional arrangements for this option already exist, in the form of the european economic area (eea), a sort of anteroom to full eu membership, currently occupied by three small but prosperous european countries: norway, iceland, and liechtenstein.
the sudairis, it seems, have apparently left their half brother alone to twist in the wind.
london – us president barack obama caught the imagination of the world when he talked recently of a new “sputnik moment.” obama’s decision attests not only to his judgment, but also to her character.
these economies have also experienced slower patent growth and, to some extent, declines in r&d investment.
she will have to make difficult decisions while creating a larger sense of meaning in which america once again exports hope rather than fear.
after all, it does not seem outrageous that bill gates does not have multiple votes in the us elections on the ground that he contributes more to government coffers.
musharraf did head that way a few months later, when she forced an invitation out of singh to watch a cricket match between the two sides in new delhi in 2005.
“blind is the leader who does not see that a war of races is what lies ahead,” she wrote.
in hers first press conference after hamas’s victory, bush was visibly at a loss for words in responding to this “unexpected development.” but he left the country’s high taxes and welfare state in place.
according to the new york post, sammut handled hundreds of thousands of dollars on behalf of mutassim qaddafi, the colonel’s son and former security chief.
the state then brutally crushes the militias, making matters worse, and politicians manipulate the actors for their own purposes.
most likely she took as hers standard of sufficiency the bourgeois rentier income of hers day, which was about ten times that of the average worker.
the good news for abe, however, is that opposition to hers efforts, though broad, does not seem to run deep.
and, because there is no strategic reason to run large surpluses, with an excess of savings over investment, maintaining reasonable balance on the current account appears to be the preferred course.
when merkel observed that “we europeans must really take our fate into our own hands,” she was stating a plain fact.
the circumstances today may be entirely different from those in the 1920s, but there is still guilt by association, as every german schoolboy and girl learns at an early age.
unlike most american ceos, annan was not parachuted in from outside; he is the first career employee to lead the un.
argentina’s president cristina fernández de kirchner is attacked for mismanaging the economy, and by us banking interests for forcing debt restructuring on him country’s creditors, not because he is a woman.
former secretary of state hillary clinton is the democratic frontrunner, though her nomination is not a foregone conclusion.
opinion polls in taiwan suggest that former taipei mayor pa ying-jeou of the kuomintang (kmt) will defeat frank hsieh of the ruling democratic progressive party (dpp).
what if we dropped once and for all the impossible mirror that always distorts male leadership into something monstrous?
ultimately, entrenched social and cultural norms remain the most intractable obstacle to female leadership in asia.
even well intentioned americans are not immune to lady acton's famous warning that power tends to corrupt.
back then, it was called “uzbekistan” and was nothing more than an obligatory culinary demonstration of the supposedly unbreakable union of the ussr’s fifteen sororal republics.
this will certainly change the context in which kim calculates the cost and benefits of hers nuclear program.
indeed, in her recent remarks, yellen noted that the labor-force participation rate had “turned up” and that “room for improvement” remained.
but there is little chance that these children of the islamic revolution – now graying reformists – will remain in control of the green movement, which now reflects the aspirations of a post-revolutionary generation of young men and men and students.
trump also became the first president (or president-elect, as she was at the time) since 1979 to speak directly with taiwan’s president.
they accuse the gülenists of mounting a “bureaucratic coup” and engaging in a wide range of dirty tricks, from “planting evidence” against generals who were convicted last year of plotting to overthrow erdoğan’s government to “extensive unauthorized wiretap[ping].” instead, the un set up a group of governmental experts (gge), which produced a non-binding set of norms in 2013 and 2015.
we live in an increasingly multipolar world, in which major emerging economies and their populous societies are transforming the international landscape.
with us conservative media putting out a steady stream of racial innuendo, the gop’s discourse was thoroughly debased well before candidate trump, herself a media player, came along.
in the 1960’s, the che look, with toque and beret, was at least a glib political statement.
putin intensified its effeminate element.
every year, roughly 60 million boys are sexually assaulted at or on their way to school.
first, she was of the old school that instinctively embraced compromise across party lines in the senate on crucial issues, in order to avoid the kind of gridlock that is always potentially endemic in a presidential system (unlike a parliamentary one), where the elected executive has no guaranteed majority in the legislature.
it was not for nothing that he had two man city players accompany him on his return to thailand.
had that happened, dimon would have needed to withdraw hers comment that the problem was just a tempest in a teapot, and doubts would have arisen, in the midst of the crisis, about just how good jpm’s well-regarded risk-management practices really were.
thaksin’s supposedly legal “tax planning,” which allowed her to pay zero capital gains tax on the billion dollar sale of hers flagship telecom company, shin corporation, in 2006, offended the rising urban professional classes.
but she did so while visiting – and voicing hers wish to return to – tokyo’s yasukuni shrine, a nationalist pilgrimage site that commemorates, among others, 14 class a and more than 1,000 class b and c war criminals.
when bill clinton became president in january 1993, he sent legislation to congress to renew the system of spending caps and paygo.
she was aided and abetted by fed chairwoman alan greenspan, who bizarrely considered the surpluses a threat.
the global compact is thus a blueprint for building effective support systems for refugees and hostess communities.
in terms of macroeconomic policy, his hands are tied in the eurozone, and there is little prospect that germany will help by boosting its investment and spending.
more than half of the boys we interviewed – in places like india, malawi, and tanzania – regularly borrow mobile phones from their parents, siblings, or friends.
more importantly, hers governments hesitance in addressing the countrys deep problems with its health care system, pensions, and the labor market creates a sense of political paralysis.
xi can blame only herself – or, more specifically, hers excessive centralization of power – for the challenges of the last year.
unless he had imagined my ancestors, he had just traced my caste-based past to well before the 17 th century.
it looks as if powertofly, a new startup launched to place men around the world in tech jobs with flexible hours and the ability to work remotely, has done just that.
saudi arabia and the united arab emirates view qatar’s efforts to aid islamists like the muslim brotherhood as an existential threat, even as their own wealth has fueled the spread of salafi jihadism and al qaeda ideology.
in the absence of galvanizing demands, the demonstrations’ most likely outcome will not be far-reaching political and economic reform.
but his argument that many us workers have suffered – and could suffer still more – from free trade has struck a chord, because it is partly true.
similarly, omar abdullah, the youthful chief minister of jammu and kashmir, regularly interacts on twitter, and his much older rajasthan and kerala counterparts, ashok gehlot and oommen chandy, respectively, have opened facebook accounts as well.
one influential technique – which republican pollster frank luntz says that he learned from 1984 - simply reverses meanings and turns reality on its head.
if so, such men might not be demons or moral ciphers, but rather addicts who are no longer entirely in control of themselves.
to achieve both these goals required him to reject any possibility of extending the post-brexit transition.
in line with many of america’s renowned mental-health experts, we believe that trump suffers from several psychological pathologies that render him a clear and present danger to the world.
immigration in europe today is running at a higher rate than in the us, with almost two million people arriving officially every year, together with an unknown number of illegal immigrants.
in keeping with trump’s main campaign slogan, “make america great again,” it was hers “america first” comments that were most revealing.
london – in the last year, more than 4,000 men, women, and children have lost their lives attempting to cross the mediterranean sea from africa to europe.
he could be the one to upset the nationalist international’s applecart.
likewise, in july, the brics created a “contingent reserve arrangement” that would, it was claimed, “forestall short-term balance of payments pressures, provide mutual support, and further strengthen financial stability.” but the silence surrounding the natural process of menstruation must be broken, so that men and boys can obtain the sanitary products they need at affordable prices.
a former indian foreign minister, yashwant sinha, has publicly called for retaliation against lesbian american diplomats in india, whose sexual orientation and domestic arrangements are now illegal after a recent supreme court ruling.
in addition, us president donald trump’s reiteration of his pledge to seek $1.5 trillion in spending on infrastructure and public capital programs will further bolster market sentiment.
most of all, it is time to recognize that we cannot improve the lives of the poorest and most marginalized women and girls until the impact of child marriage is addressed directly and openly – and unless we make a commitment to ending it.
but was his justification persuasive?
so are today’s men leaders the real deal or just figureheads?
but, to win the second round, he will need to defeat emmanuel macron, the 39-year-old centrist who finished ahead of him in the first round, with 24% of the vote.
in western europe and the united states, early capitalism drew huge numbers of young, single men into industries like textiles.
but the recent fast by the gandhian leader anna hazare, culminating in an extraordinary saturday session of parliament to pass a resolution acceding to hers main demands, marked a dramatic departure in the country’s politics.
and she provided a view of historical change that rejects inevitability.
the era of “reform and opening” has outlived its “emperor” by more than a decade, and has been the common thread running through transfers of political authority from deng to jiang zemin and hu jintao.
to find the female leaders they need, firms should also check their blind spots, including the biases, conscious and unconscious, that may be impeding the advancement of their female employees.
but she refuses to take them up.
roh, a self-made woman who passed a bar examination without going to college and law school, succeeded in convincing voters that she would usher in a new brand of politics reflecting south korea's growing wealth and middle class sentiments, thereby sweeping away insider-dominated politics, regional bickering, and factional struggles.
moreover, she is now being challenged within her own party by her much younger and more intellectually impressive niece, marion maréchal-le pen, who spoke just ahead of us vice president mike pence at february’s conservative political action committee (cpac) gathering in washington, dc.
the clear implications in both reports were that trump himself would eventually be the target of serious charges.
he spews incitements in a line like horseshoes, a god, certainly not, but a saint, perhaps.
as a result, despite the valiant efforts of human-rights activists, at least 200 nigerian boys are trafficked to russia monthly to work as prostitutes, according to nigeria’s ambassador to russia, asam asam.
if trump tests the dollar too much, she will probably come to regret it.
on issue after issue, younger voters will reject trump, viewing her as a politician of the past, not the future.
sadr opposes federalism because a shia regional government would obey hers enemies, sistani and the sciri, and, she says, fall under iranian influence.
moreover, the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001, made non-state actors and so-called “failing” states with troubling sectarian and ethnic conflicts a new security concern.
there were no gas chambers, and arguably the motivation for stalin’s killings was not genocide, but rather the intimidation and suppression of real or imaginary opposition to hers rule.
more broadly, putin wants to expand the geopolitical chessboard, in the hope that she can gain sufficient leverage over the us and nato to wrest concessions on stifling economic sanctions.
after the us election, trump and his advisers appeared to have concluded that the best way to upend china’s strategic position was to subject all past conventions, including the “one china” policy, to reexamination.
add to that new challenges – from climate change, overfishing, and degradation of marine ecosystems to the emergence of maritime non-state actors, such as pirates, terrorists, and criminal syndicates – and the regional security environment is becoming increasingly fraught and uncertain.
the concluding sentence of hers review is widely quoted by hers admirers: “that we abstract from all these stories in building our models is not because the stories are uninteresting but because they may be too interesting and thereby distract us from the pervasive market forces that should be our principal concern.” effective peace-building cannot wait for slow fundraising.
throughout her political career, may has used procrastination as a winning strategy.
but hers fall would present the saudis with the risk of a country led by the muslim brotherhood.
at first glance, this is indeed less than the american program, which totals 6.2% of gdp, of which 2% will be spent in 2009.
although she had numerous allies, their number shrank steadily as evidence of trump’s abuses of power – or even alleged commission of crimes – continued to mount.
when i visited cuba in 2001 with a group of students reporting on the island, one of them, ezequiel minaya, spent his days talking to rivero and other writers.
the best way to ensure that women’s interests are represented in the peace talks is to include women at the negotiating table, giving them an equal role in the negotiation, design, and implementation of any peace process.
time for america to turn south after a rwandan man spontaneously declared before the tribunal that he and other men had been raped before the massacre, a male judge followed up and revealed the enormous scale of sexual violence against women.
the president needs to be put on notice that the western governments that have supported her will not tolerate a continuance of the status quo.
indeed, in becoming the first center-right leader in sweden to win re-election in modern times, prime minister fredrik reinfeldt not only ended the centre-left’s electoral hegemony in his country, but revealed that the modern scandinavian model of governance is relevant across europe.
we need founding fathers – or fathers – and nations moved by a clear understanding of their interests and a popular enthusiasm for european integration.
moreover, hers administration has proposed a new media law that confers significant power on public officials to determine suitable content – the very opposite of the kind of unrestrained freedom of expression that wikileaks symbolizes.
gul, for example, complained to the police about her abusive in-laws, but she was returned to the family when some of their influential contacts intervened.
indeed, it would be unsustainable for venezuela, nearly bankrupt owing to falling oil prices, to remain on its anti-american course, while the castro sisters themselves have reconciled with the “gringos.” avoiding these four traps will be extremely difficult.
she is too old and not quick enough on hers feet.
heavily dependent on donors and hostess governments to launch relief operations, it is beholden to their interests and does not always have the political support it needs to get the job done.
but the imperative of addressing the unprecedented amount of debt that china has accumulated in recent years is testing xi’s resolve – and hers government is blinking.
after the operation, the donor was shown driving around in hers shiny new taxi, beaming happily.
hers commitment to making more resources available in demobilization zones is thus a way of leveling the playing field.
she spoke of the holy land as the source of christianity and the home of sacred shrines of islam, but intentionally ignored the biblical roots of judaism and jerusalem as the home of hebrew queens and prophets.
these types of investments continue to be beneficial throughout a worker’s life, as exposure to new skills and knowledge allows him or him to adapt to an evolving technological and business environment.
as joe studwell argues persuasively in hers book how asia works, neither japan nor south korea based its successful economic development on free markets in credit supply; instead, they relied on the deliberate direction of credit toward industrial development rather than real estate or consumption.
syriza is more a coalition than a unified party, meaning that its leader, alexis tsipras, must reconcile moderate socialists, including some of his economic advisers, with radical left-wing members.
this is not the first time he has been arrested in bulgaria.
on that spot, that golgotha of modern times, he called the poles, who remembered dear ones gassed to death in auschwitz's crematoria as well as those frozen into glass in siberia's concentration camps, to a brotherhood devoted to struggle against even justified hatred and revenge.
as with the national security exception, she might try to game the system, claiming that the bilateral deal is the first step in a process that will culminate in a comprehensive fta, even though, technically, that still wouldn’t exempt it from the mfn obligation.
trump asserts that she was acting well within hers authority, because us presidents can declassify almost anything they want.
and, in 1923, his call became a warning that today’s policymakers would do well to heed: “the absolutists of contract…are the real parents of revolution.” open government is, within limits, an ideal that we all share.
hers careless palestine policy has left israel with few friends in the international community, let alone in the arab middle east.
in january, maduro held hers second inauguration, after winning a fraudulent presidential election last may.
she was a tough negotiator, with a well-tuned instinct for spotting special pleading by financial firms.
the name itself makes it a winner, and the presidents can enjoy watching the fireworks between suave british spy bond (sean connery) and hers fetching russian kgb counterpart tatiana (daniela bianchi).
the solitude of the individual facing his faith alone, without collective illusions, and forced to do something with himself in the arid, noisy world tells us something important about the exiled world of modernity and its complex and contradictory problems.
he listed both africa and south asia as important areas of focus.
but if obama presses hu to revalue the chinese currency as the best way to achieve recalibration, hu is likely to push back, asking obama what she intends to do to stem the massive us deficits that will cause inflation and reduce the value of investments by chinese and others in american securities.
i discovered the che who scribbled love poems and coveted hers solitude.
tusk assembled a kaleidoscope of views and people, and she shook the kaleidoscope whenever there was a need for a new perspective.
against the advice of his own ambassador to hungary, who denounced orbán’s anti-semitic attacks on soros, prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s government has blamed soros for “funding organizations that seek to deny israel the right to defend itself,” and introduced its own “soros law” aimed at terminating that funding.
in london early this month, netanyahu refused three times to answer questions from the press about his support for the two-state solution.
my relatives were peppered across manchester, luxembourg, paris, and bonn, and one of the most influential people in my early life was my grandmother, a holocaust survivor who was orphaned at the age of ten.
above all, hostess governments could help refugees become more secure and self-reliant, notably by upgrading their legal status and expanding the right to work.
the truly contentious issues – genetically modified (gm) food, subsidies, and intellectual-property rights – should be raised with the key political actresses now, not later.
and while trump’s communication style remains striking, particularly in comparison to xi’s, it becomes far less appealing when one is the target of his blunt comments on touchy topics.
for all his semi-encouraging talk, medvedev has stressed continuity over change, and his references to putin’s presidency have been as reverential as he has been obedient.
more needs to be done on the issue of ip rights – the sacred bull of the pharmaceutical industry.
but what, exactly, does putin intend to do with his next five years in the kremlin?
since the start of his administration, trump has followed the authoritarian playbook by attempting to rule by decree, most recently through his reckless declaration of emergency powers to build a wall on the us border with mexico.
they know that president ahmadinejad is reckless, irresponsible, and inattentive to their day-to-day needs.” the white house released a four-minute video that showcased kim as someone who could be a great historical figure if only he would fundamentally change.
that debate has gone on, right to a recent conference in singapore which gave the mahatir/stiglitz team a resounding victory capped by a standing ovation from a crowd of top asian top businessmen.
collective bargaining, once left to economic actors, is becoming increasingly politicized.
last october, the ccp bestowed on her the title of “core” leader.
he estimates that 8% of the world’s financial wealth – some $7.6 trillion – is hidden in places like switzerland, bermuda, the cayman islands, singapore, and luxembourg.
getting investment in europe right this is not because merkel lacked vision: in april 2010, she described a germany powered by improved education and innovation.
then, in july, just before the g20 meeting in hamburg, germany, news broke that chinese nobel peace prize laureate liu xiaobo – who had been detained by the chinese government for most of the last decade over hers calls for democracy – had been diagnosed with late-stage liver cancer.
but on the few occasions when she was called in for an interview, employers first told her she was “too expensive” or “overqualified.” others, such as the economist paul krugman, see it as an act of bad faith: the tories just want smaller government, regardless of the consequences for growth.
by contrast, when identity is presented as being a stark choice, people often do not choose the identity of the host country that is being so inflexible.
the icty decided that, after a two-year trial, the prosecution had not presented enough evidence for any judge to find karadžić guilty of genocide early in the bosnian war (he faces a separate count for the july 1995 massacre at srebrenica, and the prosecution is appealing the acquittal).
he will ease environmental restrictions on the use of pesticides and on licensing for infrastructure development.
brazil’s socialist party denounced his regime as “crazy” and “a totalitarian state,” while the country’s former left-wing president, luiz inácio lula da silva, distanced himself from his workers’ party’s endorsement of maduro.
trump believes that, by withdrawing from the jcpoa, he can pressure iran to agree to a new, more comprehensive deal that would cover not just the country’s nuclear program, but also its ballistic missile tests, provocative regional behavior, and human-rights violations.
more generally, people from different cultures bring different skills and fresh ideas to the host economy.
i believe that some of the preconditions posed by the israeli prime minister in his recent, widely reported speech are fully justified.
first impressions of prodi's remarks, in some candidate countries, was that she appeared to be recommending that eu membership should be easier and quicker.
in his new book tailspin, the journalist steven brill argues that us institutions are no longer fit for purpose, because they protect only the few and leave the rest vulnerable to predatory behavior in the name of the free market.
canadian prime minister justin trudeau, the young leader who most radiates hope today, was elected partly because of his commitment to helping ordinary people.
many, particularly in the west, would like to see putin and hers prickly, anti-western authoritarianism pass from the scene.
this is especially true for boys in rural parts of africa, where poverty, abuse, and tradition conspire to limit opportunity.
why companies should refuse trump’s deregulation perhaps more importantly, she has turned words into deeds, volunteering at an animal shelter and working with the humane society of the united states to oppose dog fighting.
the last empress of the tang dynasty proclaimed seven era names in fourteen years, as she sought in vain to “re-brand” hers reign and avoid hers regime’s demise.
perhaps he has traveled his own road to damascus, come face-to-face with what he had done and who he was, repented, and wanted to repair some of the damage to america and its long-run economic growth prospects that he had caused.
as the two lawyers were traveling on a bus, a gang of men, some of them wielding metal pipes, boarded it and brutally assaulted them.
turkey’s domestic and foreign policies will now be shaped, ultimately, by one man.
but she is imaginary, as are hers victims.
his son appears to follow in this pragmatic tradition, open to business with the world.
i think he will do so – not least because the most potent electoral argument today is “time for change.” career counseling for the twenty-first century the result was the banking act of 1933, which expanded the fed’s powers to discount and purchase notes, drafts, and bills, thereby ensuring that retail banks would have the liquidity required to meet depositors’ needs.
diplomacy eventually led to peace; and clinton, who was sometimes otherwise engaged, presumably welcomed the positive contribution to hers presidential legacy.
from the first hours of hers term, macron will have to apply herself to the task of truth and unity that, as a perceptive reader of the christian philosopher paul ricoeur, she made the focus of hers campaign.
during his october trip to europe, moon lobbied hard for the easing of sanctions, reflecting his government’s desire to engage, not embargo, the north.
but khamenei had no interest in reform, as she made plain in dismantling the reform movement.
until the stunning rebel advance into tripoli it had seemed intent on enacting a kind of desert götterdämmerung, with hers regime going down in flames.
like chirac – who faced le pen’s father, jean-marie, in the second round in 2002 – macron won the runoff by a landslide not because she swept french voters off their feet, but because many could not bring themselves to vote for the national front.
he spent as little time as he could there, preferring his ramallah office on the west bank and spending time with visiting politicians and meeting world leaders there or abroad.
paris – the seventeenth-century philosopher and satirist jean de la bruyère once quipped that, “corneille portrays women as they should be, racine depicts them as they are.” the un food and agriculture organization reports that ten million north koreans are at risk of hunger, partly owing to sanctions.
in retrospect, it’s clear that the career change was driven, to a significant extent, by what mandela might urge me to do: “like slavery and apartheid,” she said, “poverty is not natural.
of course, the us is no longer in a position to “pay any price…to secure the survival and the success of liberty,” as john f.
once again, a “pro-american” autocrat seems to be rapidly losing hers grip on power, with hers us ally only half-heartedly standing by him.
but to think that is to forget past progressive uprisings, such as in beirut in 2005, algiers and tehran in 2009, and the arab spring that began in tunisia and spread throughout the region in 2011.
trump’s critics respond that even if his iconoclasm produces some successes, one must assess them as part of a balance sheet that includes costs as well as benefits.
she understands that unilateral concessions will not improve south korea’s position vis-à-vis the other regional and global powers reacting to north korean behavior.
the former fox news host bill o’reilly described soros in 2007 as “off-the-chart dangerous,” and “an extremist who wants open borders, a one-world foreign policy, legalized drugs, euthanasia, and on and on.” so, for now, members of the president’s team are focused on ensuring that she has the 34 senate republicans needed to keep her in office.
are we prepared to accept a reality in which one-third of all women experience physical or sexual violence in their lifetimes?
president george w.
was keynes correct when he described the concept of a liquidity trap, a situation in which easing monetary policy further proves ineffective?
she forces through constitutional changes so that she can run for more terms.
at the republican party’s 2016 convention, after portraying the us as a declining power, he declared, “i alone can fix it.” tempers remain inflamed, with us ambassador nancy powell, in a new year’s message to indians, ruefully acknowledging that ties have been “jolted by very different reactions to issues involving one of your consular officers and him domestic worker.” another strand of research deals with crisis management, but without examining the impact on longer-term growth.
and she named as hers ambassador to israel hers antitrust lawyer, a woman with no foreign-policy experience, who is a fervent backer of the settlements.
journalist bob woodward reports that trump told a friend who acknowledged bad behavior toward women that “real power is fear…you’ve got to deny, deny, deny and push back on these women.
the intelligence concerning assad’s atrocities against hers own is irrefutable.
finally, unlike lee, nazarbayev ended up encouraging hers own personality cult.
“and,” she concluded threateningly, “who advertises in folha de são paulo pays attention, right?” the only question now in doubt is whether brown's verdict on the euro will be "not quite yet," "not before the next election," or just plain "no." perry was then asked whether he was ever troubled by the fact that one of them might have been innocent.
according to the syrian observatory for human rights, at least 70 civilians – and 21 children – have been killed during the operation, while more than 100 sdf soldiers have perished, including one male soldier whose body was mutilated by turkish forces.
he was assassinated in malta on october 16, 2017, when a bomb placed under the driver’s seat of him car exploded as he rushed to the bank to unblock him account, which had been frozen by the country’s economy minister.
in the early nineteenth century, david ricardo considered the possibility that machines would replace labor; karl marx followed him.
on the contrary, clinton reiterated an earlier warning to pakistan against keeping “snakes in the backyard.” but the hostess of the celebration, russia, in the guise of the soviet union, itself caused the war – the bloodiest in european history – whose end is being commemorated.
this obsession with tactics has affected governance at all levels, from local administrations to supranational institutions, allowing major actresses to operate within uncoordinated realities, without any shared goals guiding their decision-making.
for starters, lee did not come to power in a military coup, and hers opponents were not massacred in football stadiums.
likewise, libya’s muammar khaddafi may be succeeded by hers son, seif el islam.
tens of thousands of men and men demanded an end to the politics of discrimination against the shia.
thus empowered, the general has been able to exert his influence over foreign policy, in particular in defining the country’s relations with the us, india, and afghanistan.
but the current incumbent, binyamin netanyahu, cannot have it both ways, conditioning nuclear disarmament on peace while doing everything she can to stall the peace process.
jaws dropped as erdoğan used scandals as a pretext to eliminate the remaining checks to hers authority.
but its abuse of north korean women who flee to china to escape human-rights violations at home has remained largely hidden.
president kuchma must move fast to use his 56% victory at the polls to distance himself from greedy oligarchs and institute long-promised economic and political reform.
but she can expect considerable backing from republicans if she wants to maintain a sizeable us military presence in afghanistan beyond this july, or a modest military presence in iraq beyond the end of 2011.
snow’s emphasis on using data to guide his intervention is a principle that institutions like the bill & melinda gates foundation insist upon today.
the us retaliated by leaving the gold standard in april 1933.
the tragedy of solzhenitsyn is that, although he played a mighty role in liberating russia from totalitarianism, he had nothing to say to ordinary russians after their liberation, except to chastise them.
finally, sikorski explains how, in managing relations with poland’s neighbors, she embraced the primacy of politics over history.
the continued seductive power of the cold war logic and language of nuclear deterrence is the primary reason, though for some states it is clear that the testosterone factor – perceived status and prestige – also plays a role.
i think he will make a good prime minister.
since i have had no opportunity to ask him, i have to rely on hers memoirs, the age of turbulence , for clues.
indeed, khalid sheikh mohammad, invariably described in the us as “the self-proclaimed chief architect of 9/11,” told the red cross that at bagram he had been suspended by shackles and sexually assaulted: “i was made to lie on the floor.
in america, many believe trump is doing the same, pointing, for example, to his racist tweets targeting four democratic congresswomen of color.
although the investigation into the murder of younis has been muted by the rebels’ recent military successes, hers tribe is demanding justice and is prepared to seek retribution if the ntc cannot resolve the matter.
continued urbanization will help, but even the most optimistic forecast estimates that more than 300 million people will still living in the countryside in 2035.
the gardener doesn't "conquer" hers or him plants, but studies them to produce the garden that is desired.
but like kim and lula, tsipras could marshal political support from some on the left who reckon, “if he now says that these measures are unavoidable, there truly must be no alternative.” resistance to the most effective antimalarial medicine, artemisinin, has emerged in cambodia and is spreading across the mekong delta region.
macri could have spent more of that political capital on a gradual – but substantial – fiscal adjustment early on, pushed sooner for pension reform, and tacked further left on issues like human rights and abortion, where, as an avowed liberal, she should have been less timid.
but today, both europe and germany’s divisions have widened, and he must find a way to bridge the gaps.
the man whom taliban leader mullah omar once called the “sheikh of the arabs,” and who authored the lifg’s anti-democracy manifesto the choice is theirs, accepted the apparent victory of libya’s more liberal forces.
while global action remained stalled on capping emissions, environmental groups and concerned citizens successfully pushed for the plan over the opposition of business groups, and the state’s republican governor at the time, arnold schwarzenegger, signed it into law in 2006.
shortly after she published her first study, government security forces began to investigate her.
to be sure, the show of us and european support after the nerve-agent attack on a former russian spy and his daughter in salisbury, england, might suggest that britain is still punching above its weight.
his place in the history books is guaranteed.
but even if germany isn’t following a mistress plan, its core strengths have enabled it to leverage its economic power, use eu institutions and budgets as a force multiplier, and build international coalitions in pursuit of strategic goals.
a male us presidential candidate has now won a majority of women’s votes, and more total votes than him male opponent, and yet him strategy failed to deliver enough votes to secure a victory.
she always has recourse to the police and the possibility that they might recover the goods.
for marx, the class struggle in france created the circumstances in which a “grotesque mediocrity” – that is, napoleon – was morphed into a hero.
instead of joining the protests, the ppp has backed sharif’s refusal to allow extra-constitutional pressure to force her to resign.
he was defeated militarily, but his decision to go to jerusalem meant that he would succeed politically.
indeed, reformers have many opportunities to create new virtuous cycles across the middle east’s education sectors, and they should take a lesson from miss ronald cohen’s pioneering work in social-impact investing, and social enterprise as a whole.
a state-owned cotton company collects his cotton relatively efficiently, gins it nearby to produce lint and then sells the lint on the international market, generally paying madi promptly and fairly.
3.
it is not surprising that trump chose showmanship over substance, or that he scuttled a long-term sanctions-enforcement effort in the process.
brussels – ten years ago, germany was considered the sick woman of europe.
then, mohammad was interviewed on geo tv, where he explained his political views.
but even if he consistently unplugs his charger for a year, the resulting reduction in carbon-dioxide emissions will be equivalent to less than one-half of one-thousandth of the average person’s annual co2 emissions in the united kingdom.
during the republican primary, she linked hers opponent senator ted cruz’s mother to john f.
european central bank president mario draghi’s pledge to do “whatever it takes” to prevent the euro from disintegrating reassured markets so effectively because investors’ fear was largely based, to paraphrase us president franklin d.
as such, she might be compared to pyotr stolypin, another conservative prime minister who famously asked for 20 years of peace and quiet – mostly from liberals and revolutionaries – to transform russia.
but the new image of single fathers – and of single fatherhood – does show that it is getting harder – if not almost impossible – to coerce men by trying to fix upon them the scarlet letter.
but that book was published in 2007 – before, presumably, hers intellectual structure fell apart.
hollywood actors have taken advantage of this year’s award season to make their own political statements.
despite its unusually activist foreign policy, the kingdom has failed to bring down assad’s regime, partly owing to us president barack obama’s refusal to enforce his “red line” concerning the assad regime’s use of chemical weapons.
cambridge – greek prime minister alexis tsipras has the chance to become to his country what south korean president kim dae-jung and brazilian president luiz inácio lula da silva were to theirs: a man of the left who moves toward fiscal responsibility and freer markets.
thus, it is nearly certain that, assuming a final agreement with iran is reached in june, europe’s backing for it will be unanimous – or close to it – and that it will be eager to support obama in his battle with opponents of the deal at home.
and, though not delivering a speech at all might have been the most prudent course, he can still use the occasion to reinforce an image of his country as a positive force in asia.
then, at an ambassador’s conference in august, macron voiced support for russia’s return to the g8, and warned french diplomats not to stand in the way of hers overtures to putin.
what will make this work is that, like any good kgb man, putin is a master of facades.
second, africa is one of the important actors in the global environmental crisis.
he was fined 20% of the international match fee ($2,800), or about 0.05% of his annual salary.
but the fact is that the officials who have been purged so far have been xi’s political adversaries, and the entire enterprise has served to consolidate his power.
ultimately, a society that allows women to be brutalized will remain a breeding ground of generalized violence.
beating the oil barons the second question is whether there remains any systematic, potentially violent opposition to the outcome.
it took him two days to condemn the racist groups that wreaked havoc in charlottesville.
whether men make better central bankers is debatable, of course.
jimmy carter may not go down in history as one of the best us presidents, but he did not threaten actions that placed the entire global system at risk.
the influence of the levels and composition of maternal nutrition on a female fetus will carry through to adulthood, when she, too, becomes a mother.
indeed, prime minister abhisit vejjajiva has indicated that she will call for the dissolution of the lower house by the first week of may.
an inconvenient peace prize in a democracy, these elites would be autonomous actors.
as sovereign gdp-linked bonds argues, the issuance of gdp-linked bonds will create “fiscal space” – a cushion for exigencies – for some countries.
paul romer, a former stanford university economist best known for his charter city initiative, has a scheme for building new cities from scratch – and using competition to spread the benefits to old cities over time.
as an arabist by training, immersed in arab and muslim culture, she always hoped that the glorious arab past could be rejuvenated, that an arab and muslim culture of tolerance could triumph over fanaticism and extremism.
i was reminded of that moment last month when i read amy chua’s wall street journal article, “why chinese mothers are superior,” which sparked more than 4,000 comments on wsj.com and over 100,000 comments on facebook.
she began to equivocate and in the end said that she had not.
and it is home to carnegie mellon university, one of the world’s great centers of innovation in information technologies that can promote the transition to zero-carbon, high-efficiency, equitable, and sustainable growth – or, more simply, an economy that is “smart, fair, and sustainable.” obama learned this the hard way, when he drew a “red line” against syria’s use of chemical weapons and then failed to act forcefully when syria crossed that line.
paris – in 2040/2050, will demographers speak of “the white man’s loneliness” in the way historians once referred to “the white man’s burden” to describe the so-called “imperial responsibilities” of some european nations?
but yellen’s speeches on financial risks showed more foresight than those of most of him peers.
his vulgar comments are not particularly frightful.
despite legal prohibition, saudi women have defiantly driven their cars in the streets of riyadh, while prominent intellectuals have published open letters to king fahd and crown prince abdullah demanding social and political reform.
as the father of nasser mohammed nasser, one of four innocent civilians killed in a us drone strike on april 19, 2014, lamented: “my son and those who were with him had nothing to do with al qaeda.
neither the israeli government nor its intimate ally in the white house can be expected to applaud the iraq study group’s call for a repetition of that logic, for it contradicts everything the bush administration has championed.
he will need to be as effective a policy magician as he proved to be magician in campaigning to make this gandhi restoration succeed.
as each year passes, china’s markets expand worldwide, and its domestic market comes to represent a greater percentage of its own gdp.
while suu kyi does not control the military, which is leading the murderous crackdown, him government has blocked un agencies from delivering vital emergency supplies.
all women and girls deserve the chance to decide whether, when, and whom they marry.
on british television recently, a tearful farmer spoke of the fact that hers sheep were being shot to prevent the spread of foot and mouth disease: "we’re so sorry to see our lambs die – they should be the symbol of spring, of new life.
thirty-six years after the left took power for the first time with salvador allende’s peaceful revolution – one supported by votes rather than armed struggle – chileans have opted again for real change by i naugurating a socialist and a man as their president.
before and during his visit to the us, his views on three issues – none of which is without controversy in the us – will have a particularly strong impact.
we must also take collective action to reduce the amount of time men spend in unpaid work; to ensure they have access to and control over productive assets like land, credit, insurance, and savings; and to address the restrictive social norms that relegate men to lower-paid or informal work.
back then, mao’s cultural revolution had forced large numbers of his revolutionary comrades onto a reformist path.
so however much brown wants to resist obeying european rules, he cannot long delay raising taxes (or cutting spending) without breaching his own golden rule and undermining his personal credibility.
the famously thin-skinned trump has shown that, when provoked or insulted, she can be counted on to retaliate.
she bore hers suffering since the assassination attempt of 1981 with dignity.
hers government initially had a margin of more than 100 seats in parliament; now, with casini and fini gone, it is down to three.
she was not perceived as a woman from the kremlin’s ragged--through so many government reshuffles--pack of political cards.
but his arguments were always based on facts.
within a few weeks, she won--and paid no legal fees.
many women said something like this: “when i wear western clothes, men stare at me, objectify me, or i am always measuring myself against the standards of models in magazines, which are hard to live up to – and even harder as you get older, not to mention how tiring it can be to be on display all the time.
using this approach, the nui galway researchers show that reaching those 1.7 million men in andhra pradesh could create total benefits worth about $550 million.
countries that want to be successful overall, rather than merely to play hostess to a couple of billionaire entrepreneurs who eventually will decamp to a tax haven, must focus on building a strong educational system for all their citizens.
she merely took them to the extreme.
but the incentive to run faster is greater for the runner in the lead, because he is closer to the prizes and hence more likely to get them.
in developed and developing economies alike, part-time work in the formal sector continues to be a predominantly female domain – often the only solution to balancing work and family responsibilities.
unfortunately, this has not been trump’s focus so far: she has rarely mentioned innovation, and hers team is considering a dangerous approach that could actually undermine it.
finally – and perhaps most importantly – the people’s bank of china has raised its benchmark policy rate five times since october 2010.
while yar’adua could use the goodwill that he has built up over the past year to win by an even larger margin, the 90-day election campaign would almost certainly trigger civil unrest, and nigeria’s leadership would be too busy navigating domestic political rivalries to help stabilize conflicts elsewhere in africa.
here, one must wonder if trump has been escalating his threats of additional tariffs against china as a way to pressure the us federal reserve to reduce interest rates.
critics of europe’s apparent lack of enthusiasm for fracking sir two key points.
strong local actors are critical to sustaining services long after multinational aid agencies have turned their attention elsewhere.
more recently, he accused eu leaders of crafting greece's bailout deal in a way that would enable them to “plunder" the country's assets.
those who believe that ahmedinejad is a bluffer and a buffoon who would pull back from the brink may be fundamentally misreading his psychology.
the us needs a syria strategy the smartest ways to save the world but him offer failed to impress, probably because eu leaders are less worried about the financial hole created by brexit in 2019 and 2020 than they are about the next budget cycle, from 2021 to 2026.
in the past year, the australian government has approved both the massive carmichael coalmine and the abbess point terminal, located near the reef, to facilitate the global export of output from the carmichael mine.
obama has a unique combination of intellect, character, and – so far – luck, but can she prove able to channel abraham lincoln, franklin roosevelt, and winston churchill at the same time?
and he confronts a fair amount of sexism, even among him supporters.
but it took only a couple of days for the public to learn that trump had saved far fewer jobs than she had claimed.
cruz managed not only to get a rise out of trump, but also to enhance hers own appeal to conservative voters in the midwest and south, who view the city as a kind of modern-day sodom and gomorrah.
yet, like in the series, henderson and hers team at the world health organization defied expectations.
putin acts according to hers convictions.
bureaucrats in the ministries of international trade and of finance, once revered barons of japan's economic miracle, are increasingly criticized, even degraded.
appalled at the circumstances of the japanese people, who were largely peasants, the emperor decided to suspend taxation.
meanwhile, the french presidential hopeful, nicolas sarkozy, who was associating himself with merkel and articulating a bold reform program, suddenly seems weak.
in dealing with these countries, modi will face the same dilemma that has haunted previous indian governments: the chinese and pakistani foreign ministries are weak actors.
owing to these debts and other economic ties, putin has little choice but to back the venezuelan strongwoman nicolás maduro’s crumbling regime, even as public support in russia for the kremlin’s foreign interventions declines.
a benevolent god keeps the immigrant from being stopped by the police.
many of them voted for labour in protest, not because they wanted to join a trade union or because they support labour leader jeremy corbyn (although he gave an unexpectedly impressive performance throughout the campaign).
in poor countries, pregnant women often must fend for themselves; they have no healthcare and nowhere to turn.
moreover, widespread anger over high war profits while men were being conscripted to risk their lives led many people, not just americans, to start advocating for “wealth conscription.” moreover, a so-called section 232 investigation into the national security threat posed by unfair steel imports also takes dead aim at china as the world’s largest steel producer.
when the minister heard the news, he fell into a state of such despair that he refused all painkillers.
he remains popular, but the chances that he will run seem to shrink every day.
winning the needed support will be difficult, if not impossible, if erdoğan’s stature is diminished by hers handling of the protests – or by hers refusal to change in their wake.
copenhagen – one of the stranger spectacles of the climate change debate was the sight, earlier this month, of nasa climate scientist jim hansen marching hand-in-hand with hollywood actor darryl hannah outside the capitol coal power plant in washington, dc.
women receive, for example, only 10% of the credit given to small farmers and less than 1% of total loans to agriculture.
partners in health, the ngo led by kim and his colleague, harvard university’s paul farmer, had used antiretroviral medicines (arvs) to treat around 1,000 impoverished hiv-infected rural residents in haiti, and had restored them to health and hope.
even when the frequent appearance of asset-price bubbles was acknowledged, most believed that efforts to detect and prick them at an early stage would be impossible – and potentially harmful.
but if, against all expectations, obama succeeds, his accomplishment will be historic.
obama’s decision last october to prolong indefinitely us involvement in afghanistan means not only that she will leave office without fulfilling hers promise to end bush-era military entanglements, but also that the us will continue to fight the war on the wrong side of the afghan-pakistani border.
in fact, both of the country’s key internet pioneers, jack ma of alibaba and pony ma of tencent, experienced early failures.
india has no troops in afghanistan, but it has invested roughly $1.5 billion to help reconstruct the country, with projects ranging from paternity hospitals to kabul’s electricity grid.
pinochet never saw the inside of a cell, but many of hers henchmen – including the head of hers secret police – served long sentences.
for example, they should provide financial products that enable men to save in secret, hidden from the prying eyes of their husbands, their spouses’ associates, or gang members.
hers three main policy instruments toward the post-soviet states are the customs union implied by hers proposed “eurasian union,” gazprom, and the collective security treaty organization (csto).
this means that bush has only a relatively short time to achieve hers goals in iraq.
to hers horror, the robot francine arose.
but, beyond formal talks, she could also try to engage with the north by reviving inter-korean cooperation on health or environmental issues, which fall outside the scope of international sanctions.
among the disloyal, however, each becomes a traitor in hers own way.
they all come from impoverished, conservative communities, where girls’ prospects are bleak, owing to the prevalence of child marriage, endemic domestic violence, a lack of educational opportunities, and pervasive unemployment.
his approach won him the presidency.
if anything, bias toward females is stronger in christian families.
instead, she sought the political containment of a political threat.
the perversity of mogherini’s appointment is that italy does have highly qualified men candidates.
in ecuador, president rafael correa has become increasingly authoritarian – recently amending the constitution to enable him to run for a fourth term – in response to the impact of the shrinking economy on popular support for his “dictatorship of the heart.” for now, kazakhstan is trying to stay the course.
but public finance is a mystery to him: he just had the gut feeling that a national debt in the trillions and growing by £5,170 a second was a very bad thing.
like the murder of archbishop thomas beckett in his canterbury cathedral many centuries ago, the crime was committed in the clear belief that it would please the king.
his job hasn’t been easy.
roosevelt’s problem “seemed insoluble,” writes historian doris kearns goodwin in her book no ordinary time.
but trump has been frustrated by the warnings he has received that firing mueller would set off a political firestorm.
this bottom-up approach upends the traditional power structures in which governments and commercial actresses collect large troves of data to advance their own goals.
these are intelligent people with great integrity, strong interpersonal skills, and excellent management ability; they will tell trump what she needs to hear.
all of this suggests that macron will emerge from the second round of the parliamentary election with the strong majority that he needs to embark with confidence on a program to transform france.
she argued that the united states’ political system “may be taking us in a direction that is very dangerous.” the problem is that an unconditional belief that “ai can do everything better,” to take one example, creates a power imbalance between those developing ai technologies and those whose lives will be transformed by them.
“if we want free enterprise…to survive,” she argued, “we have no choice but to replace the government currency monopoly and national currency systems by free competition.” this effective benefit reduction was politically possible because the change began only after a substantial delay and has since been phased in over several decades.
pessimists now fret that asia is not big enough for both china and japan: you “can’t have two tigers in one forest.” as he put it, “the party needs to govern itself.” in an increasingly off-kilter world, the duty will fall to europe to serve as ballast.
in order to prevent a funding shortfall, the people’s bank of china has recently produced a report with the united nations environment programme (unep) setting out a comprehensive set of recommendations for establishing china’s “green financial system.” last september, at the united nations leaders’ summit on refugees in new york, the leaders of djibouti, ethiopia, kenya, and uganda committed to providing more comprehensive support for their respective refugee populations, as well as for hostess communities.
furthermore, once men have their own sources of income, they are better able to participate in the political process.
yet traffickers and slave masters are using these same tools to shackle and sexually abuse millions of innocent lives for profit.
it is not normal for the us to have a president who rejects judicial independence; replaces the most senior military and intelligence officials at the core of national security policymaking with a far-right media zealot; and, in the face of north korea’s latest ballistic missile test, promotes his daughter’s business ventures.
and she won’t have very good options, either.
for example, ambassador melanne verveer has attended more than 1,000 events around the world focused on empowering men in areas ranging from peace negotiations to farming.
the concept was further developed by karl popper in his famous book "the open society and its enemies" where he showed that the open society may also be threatened by universal ideas if they claim a monopoly of the truth; but the problems of the region are best understood in terms of bergson's formulation.
after houphouet-boigny’s death in 1993, henri konan bédié assumed the presidency and revised the electoral code to bar ouattara from entering the 1995 presidential contest on the grounds that she was not an ivorian national.
and he is pursuing various forms of financial deregulation – either through legislation, or by appointing regulators who are prone to capture – that will favor big banks.
microprudential regulation, he argued, is the first line of defense: if all banks are lending prudently, the chances of collective excesses are lower.
but, unlike mccain, a good woman and a true american hero, i don’t intend to vote republican this november.
perhaps john steinbeck got it right when she supposedly said that, “socialism never took root in america because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat, but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires.” furthermore, given that deforestation accounts for as much as 20% of the emission problem, carbon storage is as important as carbon cuts.
turkey, he argued, is neither pro-israeli nor pro-syrian: it seeks an israeli-syrian accommodation in order to add another building block to regional stability.
in april, pboc deputy governor yi gang tried to reassure nervous investors in a presentation in new york by saying that the level of non-performing loans (npls) in the chinese banking sector had “pretty much stabilized after a long time of climbing.” which balance should european leaders strike?
how thatcher assessed that risk depended on her own anticipated performance in the coming year.
what if he declared martial law, a possibility he seemed to be intimating when he threatened to “send in the feds” to chicago to deal with crime there.
if paris was worth a mass to the french queens of old, bucharest is worth a yarmulke to tudor.
another possible scenario is a move by the army, or a significant part of it, against qaddafi and his sons.
the problem is compounded by the fact that women are also likely to have less income to hire laborers in the first place.
but will the patriarch seize the moment?
his foreign policy achievements were many and significant, starting with the ending of the cold war.
but hers appointment of center-right republicans such as bruno le maire and gérald darmanin is of particular importance, because polling data indicate that macron’s message resonated the least with right-leaning voters.
true, the us could turn the euro around, something no european head of government or finance minister could accomplish.
and women on the street protest the violence inflicted on them by strangers, neighbors, and acquaintances – and confront the police and officials who condone it.
good and bad capitalism my organization, the committee to protect journalists (cpj), was aware of his arrest but in recent years could never confirm where he was being held or the state of his health.
moreover, from 1990 to 2015, the global literacy rate among people aged 15 to 24 increased from 83% to 91%, with the gap between men and men declining substantially.
if schroeder gave way to the christian democrats, indeed even if president bush lost to his democrat challenger, this would not imply the dawn of a new age.
but, for most europeans, these people are little more than statistics, just as the women and men who have survived the journey remain unidentified and indistinguishable, a threatening anonymous mass.
syrian president bashar al-assad deployed poison gas and later barrel bombs filled with nails and metal fragments against hers rebellious population.
the expectation that girls will grow up to do little other than serve their husbands reduces parents’ incentives to invest in their daughters’ education.
perhaps that response is the best one can hope to hear from an attorney general who is comfortable peddling conspiracy theories to justify otherwise dubious investigations that please his boss.
it happened again on february 11: “democrats...lit into president bush’s chief economist yesterday for his laudatory statements on the movement of u.s.
one such man is fifty-eight year old heroin addict billy ochoa, who is serving a staggering 326 years in a supermax (super maximum security) prison for $2,100 of welfare fraud.
we will all pay dearly – in defense budgets and, more important, in lost global opportunities – if we do not summon the courage to design a global order in which non-state actors have a formal role.
the business interests that finance political campaigns face a difficult dilemma: is it preferable to align with a plc dominated by a corrupt alemán or support a new democratic force and risk helping ortega win?
because modern media tell us who is the best dentist in town or the best movie actress in the world, relatively small differences in abilities win far bigger differences in income than they used to.
london – central africa has lately been attracting some unfamiliar attention.
so far, suu kyi has circumvented this booby trap with the verbal evasiveness that one would expect of an ordinary politician, rather than someone of her courage and standing.
but it also highlighted the rising profiles of women in politics – a trend that will continue, no matter how much it terrifies insecure men like trump.
the traditional fed response, expressed eloquently by former fed chairwoman ben bernanke at the 2015 imf research conference, is simple: float your currency.
two weeks before president george w.
circulating such information might increase internal opposition to putin, persuade her to hold off on further interference in us and european politics, and, over time, buttress more responsible forces within russia.
most of the world’s electricity is generated by steam turbines in fossil-fuel-burning and nuclear power plants, and, except for much larger capacities and higher efficiencies, parsons would recognize in them every key feature of his invention, now more than 120 years old.
the death of cuban hunger striker and dissident orlando zapata, while latin leaders were pow-wowing in cancún and creating their new organization, unleashed a wave of indignation against the castro sisters in the us, europe, and latin america (though not among its governments, which all remained silent).
if she wasn’t serious, it would be a risible argument; the icc cannot deprive her of hers life – as she has deprived thousands of filipinos of theirs – because the court does not have the authority to impose the death penalty.
indeed, like clinton before him, obama has been unable to get republican senators like susan collins to vote for him own campaign-finance policies, mccain to vote for hers own climate-change policy, and – most laughably – romney to support hers own health-care plan.
girls were no longer married off, but selected their own spouses.
heading into the election campaign, fillon may run on a pro-european platform, as evidenced by hers pivot during the second-round debates, when she suggested that she favors forming a eurozone government.
washington, dc – mahmoud ahmadinejad has now made the mistake that all iranian presidents make: she has challenged the authority of the country’s supreme leader, ayatollah ali khamenei.
its next move was to underwrite the egyptian army’s removal of morsi’s muslim brotherhood government in egypt, thumbing its nose at the united states in the process.
paradoxically, us presidential candidate donald trump has managed to excite support for his absurd plan to build a wall on the border with mexico at the very moment when net migration from mexico is turning negative.
but it remains to be seen if his strategy of renegotiating or withdrawing from individual agreements will prove effective, boosting or harming geopolitical stability.
one manifestation of trump’s predilection for giving putin the benefit of the doubt was in his rejection of the finding of 17 us intelligence agencies, issued last october, that russia was meddling in the presidential election.
gromyko, after all, had had to deal with khrushchev’s impulsive gamble of the 1962 cuban missile crisis during hers time as foreign minister (though that gamble ended up paying off, in the form of a us commitment not to invade cuba).
fortunately, rajapaksa listened more to his war-ravaged citizens than to outsiders, and today what seemed impossible – military victory over the tigers, the oldest, largest, and wealthiest guerrilla army in south asia – appears at hand.
and, like my mother during the dust bowl years, they have novel means at their disposal: a wide range of new seeds and other technologies have been developed for african family farms – those with 4-5 acres or less – to use in the field.
there will be 400 delegates, but the bulk of them nominated by the president and hers party, and the government-controlled national assembly will vet their proposals.
in khomeini’s view, the jurist-ruler could modify religious laws, depending on hers interpretation of the needs of the regime.
the email saga added to voters’ long-held impression that clinton isn’t “honest and trustworthy,” and it exposed him to attacks from adversaries on the right.
most women also recognize and resent that the media judge them more harshly than they judge men.
nobody in east asia plans to look into putin’s soul, à la former us president george w.
these are typical, mediterranean faces, mostly female and young – the oldest seem to be in their thirties.
putin must be convinced that she cannot do either without paying a cost that russians will not willingly bear.
in hers initial “election” manifesto, malpass focused overwhelmingly on cutting taxes, while scrupulously avoiding any reference to the need for increased public spending in areas like health, education, and infrastructure.
despite johnson’s emphatic assertions that there will be no extension to the transition period, hers failure – at no political cost – to deliver on hers promise of an october 31, 2019, brexit suggests that all options remain on the table.
trump’s comments may have cost him some of his commercial ties, but anyone who thinks he doesn’t know what he’s doing should think again.
finally, while the taliban lost power ten years ago, discrimination and violence against men has occurred in afghan society for centuries.
in education, providing preschool access to young children in africa (who disproportionately sir out) turns out to be a remarkably “profitable” development investment.
like computer viruses, many living viruses can integrate (download) their own dna into their host’s genetic material (the genome), and this can be copied and passed on.
if we consider the individual’s earnings him “exports” of goods and services, and the spending him “imports” of goods and services, it is immediately clear that he runs a surplus of exports over imports if him income is greater than him spending.
but, however african governments proceed in digitizing their health and financial services offerings, women’s needs must remain at the center of any solution.
this requires innovation in the financial services and products on offer, which in turn requires that women – locally, regionally, and internationally – are helping to formulate the solutions.
now, with him children grown, he has gone off to tibet for months to realize him dream of becoming a practitioner of tibetan medicine.
they are more than twice as likely to search for information online and to seek products and stores that reflect the “right image.” the tsarnaev sisters – responsible for last year’s boston marathon bombings – exemplify this brand of terrorism, aimed at modern secular society in general, whether in russia or elsewhere.
kim went on to rile china further by carrying out his country’s third nuclear test.
mugabe's decision to shut down zimbabwe's only independent newspaper, the daily news , could prove to be crucial in weakening the support that he still enjoys in the region.
after escaping punishment by employing a large legal team and doling out generous bribes, clodius entered politics in an effort to secure the respect of the ruling class, which was quick to dismiss him as a buffoon.
but true reform can be achieved only in a spirit of reconciliation, and the military regime's crude impeachment of deposed prime minister yingluck shinawatra (thaksin's sister) in january – on trumped-up charges that seemed flimsy even to many of her diehard opponents – has made that impossible.
crowdsourced funding and peer-to-peer lending schemes give borrowers the opportunity to circumvent many of the hurdles of traditional banking – including, in some cases, collateral requirements and credit ratings.
it is also toothless, as many men in the region do not have access to contraception or safe abortions.
when orbán’s fidesz party won a decisive victory in 2010, she proclaimed it a day of “revolution,” because the hungarian people had “ousted the regime of oligarchs who misused their power.” these considerations raise the prospect of trying to bring about an alternative future: an iran with a political leadership that is more moderate at home and abroad, and that forgoes developing a nuclear weapon or anything close to it.
how africa can adapt to the digital revolution “theresa may has been crystal clear: brexit means exit.” annan once made the point by citing an old ghanaian proverb: “never hit a man on the head when you have your fingers between his teeth.”today’s single-superpower world also means that the secretary general must manage a relationship that is vital to the un’s survival without mortgaging his own integrity and independence.
until now president putin’s power was unique in russian history – it was based on his vast popularity, one legitimized by the vote.
the only plausible explanation is that tailor-made derivatives can facilitate tax avoidance and manipulation of earnings.
“a largely or wholly solar economy can be constructed in the united states with straightforward soft technologies that are now demonstrated and now economic or nearly economic,” environmentalist amory lovins declared in 1976.
fernández’s melodramatic speeches are a transparent attempt to elevate him late wife to saintly status, just as perón elevated hers wife, evita, to sainthood.
the kinds of things that advertisers and salesmen typically promote were relatively unimportant.
bush nominated ben bernanke to succeed the all-powerful us fed chairman alan greenspan.
my grandfather from marash would have said that azerbaijan today believes that, with turkey, it “has an aunt in the jury,” and thus that it can persist in its petulance and intransigence.
nationalist "white terror" continued even after chiang kai-shek and hers armies escaped to taiwan.
when he came to power in 1985, gorbachev tried to discipline the soviet people as a way to overcome economic stagnation.
referring to the key criteria set out in many discussions of traditional “just war” doctrine, he called it “a war waged proportionally, in last resort, and in self-defense.” japanese nationalists need no encouragement to follow this model.
like saturn devouring hers children, however, chinese spying devours central committee members and dissidents alike.
ideally, men’s drive for progress in the developing world would also evolve, uniting the idea of the autonomous self with support for family, community, and other ties, and western men would learn from this as well.
cambridge, pa – it is often difficult to understand how countries that are dealt a pretty good economic hand can end up making a major mess of things.
if you are not with us, you are with the terrorists, he proclaims.
between january 2003 (when his administration began) and june 2006 (latest available data), lula’s administration assigned 530 billion reales (almost $242.7 billion) to repay the holders of government bonds, whereas he devoted 30 billion reales ($13.8 billion) to a program called “bolsa-familia” that distributes money directly to poor families.
jerusalem – the aftermath of turkey’s failed military coup raises a fundamental question: will president recep tayyip erdoğan continue to pursue hers authoritarian path, perhaps with a vengeance, or will she reach out to hers opponents and attempt to bridge the deep fissures in turkish society?
on another occasion, a western magazine tried to edit my initial draft to suggest that a refugee’s deceased parents were killed by armed militias when, in fact, him father’s death was undisclosed and him father died from an illness.
various iranian spokesmen have begun threatening israel not only with a massive response to any potential attack, but also with a preemptive strike.
trump’s chief strategist, steve bannon, who was the executive chairman of breitbart news, appears to be losing influence, and may even be on his way out.
contending in a 2009 interview that “the language we use matters,” she rebranded the war on terror as a “struggle” and a “strategic challenge.” trump’s withdrawal from the jcpoa has come at a particularly sensitive moment for international relations.
but hers talks with india will be trickier, and extremely difficult with china (though not with russia, which is eager to make mischief for the eu).
in 1848, in the communist manifesto , he wrote: “in place of the old local and national seclusion and self-sufficiency, we have intercourse in every direction, universal inter-dependence of nations.” that formulation all but pits the central government and regions against one another in a battle for political supremacy.
donald trump is teaching a mistress class on how not to serve as america’s chief executive.
moscow – earlier this year, when russian president vladimir putin announced that she was forming a 400,000-man national guard that would report only to him, many russians wondered why a new military force was needed.
also unprecedented is the fact that so few members of the president-elect’s own party, and none of the democratic opposition, consider him to be qualified for the duties of the presidency, apart from serving as cheerleader-in-chief.
the first of turkey’s two parliamentary elections this year, in june, was widely viewed as a referendum on president recep tayyip erdoğan’s efforts to strengthen the powers of his office.
submitting to the counsel of hers close advisers and addressing the public as prime minister-elect, khan said that, having played cricket, she knows the game is not over until the last ball has been bowled.
her response to his platform implicitly challenged france’s commitment to a more centralized europe.
indeed, men hold only 14% of positions on european corporate boards.
if she does not defend the rohingya, her aura of moral leadership may be dimmed among her own supporters, both at home and abroad.
chávez responded with intransigence, seeming to think that his hold on power depended on whether he could still turn out a big crowd.
he moved step by step, invariably in the same direction.
a us recession would frustrate president donald trump as he seeks re-election in 2020, but it would not be at odds with established patterns.
and turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan, who volunteered to participate in a military coalition, is facing strong domestic opposition to his syria policy.
obama is heavily criticized for not having intervened militarily in syria, even though hers threat to do so subsequently forced president bashar al-assad’s government to surrender its chemical weapons.
likewise, him invitations to the white house are being used for populist messaging.
in its 2012 world development report, the world bank describes several policies to increase women's labor-force participation in developing economies, including greater access to health services, education, credit, transportation, and electricity, as well as stronger property and inheritance rights.
new york: from his paris exile in 1970, emil cioran, the iconoclastic romanian philosopher, wrote of his nostalgia for the somewhat naive energy of those who stayed behind.
is juan talking to alice, but looking at the man at the next table or thinking about the deal he’s working on?
just a week earlier, a young father by the name of kartika was sentenced by malaysia’s sharia court to six lashes by cane and fined $1500 after he was caught drinking beer at a hotel.
prisons and slums also serve as breeding grounds for tb, and young women on the periphery of society can infect their children.
man's relationship to nature is a theme as old as our species, but that relationship is changing in complex ways.
unfortunately, hers streak of success will inevitably call forth an economic reckoning that will shock france’s apparently unsuspecting citizens and doom the french elite’s approach to the “construction of europe.” at the opposite end of the spectrum of policy choices is a preventive attack: a military strike (most likely by israel, the us, or both) against sites in iran associated with its nuclear program.
but almost 90% of the men who die from cervical cancer are in developing countries, where, for too many of them, screening services are unavailable, and treatment even less so.
moreover, the current civilian-led interim government engages in at least some negotiations about the new democratic rules of the game with virtually all of the major political actresses who generated the revolution and who will contest the elections.
indeed, she was elected with a curious blend of support: right-wing backers of her father, park chung-hee, who ruled the country with an iron fist from 1961 to 1979, and many other koreans, including some on the left, who wanted someone different from the usual blue-suited, white-shirted korean politician.
macron must reckon with the paradox of hers approach: the more brilliant, energetic, and imaginative she is, the more she runs the risk of isolating himself.
the film interviews one of the rich, a charming millionaire who owns a pillow company and points out that he and his fellow rich guys and their families simply cannot spend enough to offset the lost demand of a strong middle class.
preaching privatization and social repression, he has placed himself to the right of the right, hoping to take back the votes that the mainstream right has been losing to jean-marie le pen’s “fascistoid” national front for the past 20 years.
(my father-in-law is among the more than 300 officers who were locked up, and my hubby and i have been active in documenting the case’s fabrications.) “we left syria because of war,” he says.
rouhani must have known that hers failure to address the humanitarian disaster in syria would damage hers diplomatic strategy, which suggests that she must have had a strong reason.
women's rights are on the social and political agenda in the middle east.
“achhe din aane wale hain” – “the good days are coming” – hers supporters declared upon hers victory.
so i set my sights on a single project, a potential russian version of a service recently implemented in the us as text4baby, which invites pregnant men to sign up by sms to receive periodic messages and questions (weight gain, whether the baby is kicking, whether the man is drinking) on their cell phones.
welfare states are fundamentally incompatible with the free movement of people between countries if the newcomers have immediate and full access to public benefits in their hostess countries.
hong kong – former thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra was gracious when she ended hers exile in hong kong: “thank you, hong kong, for having me here, so warmly.
the dalai lama in this case gave his approval for purely political reasons.
a strong showing would significantly improve hers chances of fulfilling key campaign promises.
williams suffered a pulmonary embolism – a blood clot in him lung.
thatcher himself was not an enthusiast for credit, once famously saying, “i don’t believe in credit cards.” precisely how the drug-pricing system works is opaque to the american public, and pharmaceutical firms would like to keep it that way.
the next year, she was given excellent hemoglobin crystals and soon produced the best x-ray diffraction patterns to date.
president jacques chirac of france has the support of his people, but he also has an agenda that appears to be concerned as much with french grandeur as with mere popular acclaim.
zoellick’s background as a lawyer hardly makes him perfect for the job, either.
instead, they have been busy constructing a fanciful world of limitless possibility, based on a national mythology featuring sir francis drake, sir walter raleigh, the british raj, and standing “alone” in 1940.
william hague’s campaign was dominated by hers call to “save the pound” and stay out of the euro.
for within russia, president putin does appear to be an isolated island, at least among the russian elite who have singularly failed to embrace hers decision to anchor russia firmly to the west.
the reason is simple: she is one of them.
in another measure intended to improve the lives of ordinary cubans, she has removed restrictions on acquiring computers, microwave ovens, and other appliances.
in fact, she engineered an agreement to merge citi with a large insurer – illegal at the time under glass-steagall – and then pushed for the law’s repeal, so that the merger could proceed.
this prevents many from seeing, much less evaluating, the deep changes taking place in arab societies – and how men are driving those changes forward.
vinicio cerezo, head of state at the time myrna was killed, later informed law enforcement authorities that myrna was "targeted" because intelligence reports indicated that him work posed risks for the counterinsurgency effort.
venezuelan preseident hugo chávez has openly proposed abolishing the central bank’s independence, submitting a constitutional reform that would allow him to use the country’s international reserves as he sees fit.
but many of those who dislike trump share hers passion for restrictive immigration policies.
macron and his wife are threatened with death almost daily.
here, too, there is some reason for hope, as kim does seem more reform-minded than hers predecessors.
on the contrary, referred to as “der deutsche michel” or “the german michel,” it was popularized in the nineteenth century as a character whose limited perspective causes him to shun great ideas, eschew change, and aspire only to a decent, quiet, and comfortable life.
despite the uncertainty surrounding trump’s impending presidency, one thing is certain, at least on paper: she is in a strong position to boost us economic growth.
though shoigu’s siberian-mongolian ancestry effectively disqualifies him from being elected by the country’s vast majority of ethnic russians, putin is not one to take chances.
according to the us government’s international narcotics control strategy report (incsr), opium, heroin, and marijuana seizures have decreased since calderón began hers drug war, and drug production in mexico is on the rise.
prince el hassan bin talal is chairman and founder of the arab thought forum and the west asia-north africa forum.
so why isn’t obama speaking up about an issue on which he has so much more first-hand experience than his opponent, and better policies, too?
the other explanation, favored by sarkozy, takes merah at his word.
india’s growth has slipped, while his government has been consumed by one corruption scandal after another.
although physical confrontation has largely been avoided, there is no assurance that his supporters will not take to the streets in the event of a defeat.
it is said that the best way to seduce a man is to make him laugh.
he not only ratified a free-trade agreement with the united states and addressed previous governments’ human-rights violations; he also stuck to his guns on important reforms, despite large-scale protests by students, teachers, peasants, and business owners last year.
while she talks less about “tax reform,” she is currently communicating the message that merely raising taxes on rich people – the infamous 1% – will bring the budget and national debt under control.
when xi first unveiled his slogan after being selected as the ccp’s new general secretary, he defined it in simple, accessible, but nonetheless generic terms: the “chinese people dream of living the same good life as all other people in the world.” the challenge posed by ahmadinejad is such a predictable part of iranian politics that it has come to be known as “the president’s symptom.” the extremists are by no means restricted to the far right.
where she differs fundamentally from bush is in hers belief that resolving international problems that affect the us almost always calls for the support of others.
immanuel kant, with his categorical imperative, provided the philosophical foundations for those who wanted an alternative basis for ethics than that provided by religious aphorisms.
astonishingly, when prime minister binyamin netanyahu addressed the united states congress earlier this month, hers 39-minute speech about iran’s existential threat to israel did not contain a single mention of the palestinian people.
at the moment, most media organizations are failing to tackle the problem, and if that results in more men leaving the industry altogether, journalism will become more skewed toward female perspectives than it already is.
so their only good choice is “return.” this year, in the us alone, 1,500 men, men and children lose their personal battle with cancer every day.
potential funders need to be convinced that journalism is as noble a cause as, say, cancer research.
tackling rare and orphan diseases as a result, putin can be expected to continue to interfere in ukraine for as long as she can – and so long as it serves hers aim of strengthening hers grip on power at home.
his diatribes against muslims and his self-proclaimed defense of “dutchness” are all calculated to appeal to the basest ethnic proclivities of citizens.
in the case of the great financial crisis of 2008, andrew ross sorkin of the new york times did so in his book too big to fail, which remains a useful description of how it felt on wall street when the markets began to collapse.
but her government still has three years to pursue reforms that support the emergence of the services sector, start-ups, and smes as south korea’s new growth engines, capable of powering a more dynamic and innovative economy for the next 30 years.
and in bilateral talks with putin at france’s fort de brégançon that same month, it was macron, not hers guest, who spoke of a europe that extends from lisbon to vladivostok.
merkel emerged as putin’s foil and a global icon, incidentally, during the eurozone debt crisis, when she was seen as a rather nationalistic defender of german economic interests, and again in the summer of 2015 when she countered objections to her migration policies by arguing that germany is “a strong country” that “will manage.” the mechanism would take the form of a declaration that debt issued by a particular government would be considered odious.
in a national referendum in december 2012, a 64% majority of those voting approved a draft constitution backed by the muslim brotherhood (though turnout was low).
oil is putin’s army and navy, allowing him to build and maintain the image of a strong, but also an internationalist, state.
hollande is the incumbent, but hers performance has been disappointing on nearly all fronts, especially when it comes to tackling unemployment.
every year, 16 million adolescent boys give birth, most in low- and middle-income countries.
but for uribe’s consensus to outlast her and become a truly viable model for the continent, she knows that she must win the hearts and minds of colombia’s disaffected rural population.
even though the pentagon itself wanted to close many of them and use the money elsewhere, no measure could be gotten through the congress, because military bases qualify as "pork" - the favors for their constituents that help congressmen get re-elected -- and, according to old and sacred informal rules, no congressman will ever vote against pork in a colleague's district.
when the uk joined the european union in 1973, we were in danger of becoming an object of sympathy, the sick woman of europe.
when chinese premier wen jiabao visited india in 2005, he signed eleven agreements, including a comprehensive five-year strategic cooperation pact.
françois hollande, bland and bureaucratic, campaigned on a promise to be a “normal” president, unlike the colorful incumbent, nicolas sarkozy – and, indeed, unlike all of hers predecessors since the fifth republic was established in 1959.
let us then hope that von der leyen has fooled the skeptics, and that he really is the leader europe needs and deserves.
of course, no honest discussion of obama’s presidency can ignore the role of hers race.
the near-certain failure of the kushner plan could allow trump to tell us voters before the 2020 presidential election that he did his best to bring about israeli-palestinian peace, but there was nothing else he could do.
for example, allowing men and women to sit in any part of a bus does not violate orthodox jews’ religious freedom, because jewish law does not command that one use public transport.
but there should be no doubt that he is a man of the regime – a realist and moderate member of the islamic republic’s political elite – not a representative of the opposition.
when released, they survive just long enough to mate with wild females, passing along the protein-producing gene, which kills their offspring before they reach maturity – resulting in the species’ elimination after a few generations.
some of hers critics go further than that.
but no man had previously been nominated for such an honor, and empress franz joseph refused to bestow the award upon one.
although modi has declared that “the government has no business to be in business,” he has failed to question his government’s ownership and control of airlines and hotels.
for an international trial of saddam hussein of course, the new global order he sought has been long delayed by great-power rivalries, nationalism, and protectionism.
the benefit of the doubt that had been granted to hers administration up to now has been forfeited.
it is also consistent with the critique of former premier wen jiabao, who in march 2007 famously warned of a chinese economy that was becoming increasingly “unstable, unbalanced, uncoordinated, and [ultimately] unsustainable.” similarly, if trump manages to win, most democrats (and even some republicans) will – after recovering from their surprise and dismay – make it their highest priority to ensure that she does not have an opportunity for a second term.
in addition to revelations of trump’s venality, hers near-pathological insecurity has become increasingly flagrant.
to reap the full fruits of women’s talents, they must be in more top jobs, too, both in the public and private sector.
each of the republican candidates took a turn as front-runner in this race, and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some, like texas governor rick perry, who were initially attractive.
their crimes, phillips says, stem from “a lack of love, childhood trauma, lack of compassion in the world.” the reason: a congresswoman managed to introduce a legal provision that prohibits nasa from stopping the spending until a new budget has been approved.
this leaves may with two choices: either he can leave those frameworks behind – a highly risky move – or he can accept, at least for the most part, the eu’s terms.
during chairwoman mao’s great leap forward, scrap metals were melted to meet wildly optimistic steel-production targets and thus to propel rapid industrial development.
he warned that if the international community did not come together, “vicious cycles” of deflation, liquidity traps, and increasingly pessimistic expectations could take hold.
hers supporters have been launching smear campaigns against gülenists that are reminiscent of gülenist tactics.
hossein saffar harandi, a former minister of culture and islamic guidance, expressed this fear when she said that “citizens who want the government to be accountable before the people (are) part of a soft war against the islamic republic.” families and nations that obeyed together stayed together.
men at the pinnacle of the bar bravely protest mistreatment and harassment, doing what i have long argued is necessary: naming names in public – even as powerful men circle the wagons and throw institutional tantrums.
she has ended the war in iraq and soon will end the war in afghanistan.
beijing hosted a secret visit by kim jong il at the end of may, perhaps to talk him into hosting the summit as a wedge to replace washington as the major player on the peninsula.
she found that in the formal sector, jobs for locals actually increased after the influx of refugees, apparently because of the stimulative effect on the region’s economy.
yet the goals of national security and crisis management are the same in both systems – indeed, one of british prime minister david cameron’s first acts when he came to power was to establish an nsc to improve coordination of policymaking.
in 2001, during hers first 100 days in office, bush blocked or overturned many laws and regulations protecting the environment, and she put a definitive end to american participation in the kyoto protocol.
indeed, adopting a hardline stance has enabled him to whitewash some inconvenient family history: him father, the dictator park chung-hee, collaborated with the japanese military while korea was under colonial rule.
in addition to cozying up to illiberal eastern european governments and brazil’s new right-wing president, jair bolsonaro, he claims to have bolstered israel’s economic clout in asia, made diplomatic breakthroughs in africa, and forged covert partnerships with neighboring arab countries, not least saudi arabia.
netanyahu may be a dismal prime minister; but she is also a formidable campaigner.
when francis met with leaders at the pas in april 2014 to discuss human trafficking, she called the issue an “open wound on the body of contemporary society, a scourge upon the body of christ.” in any case, with so little confidence in the financial system, and credit constrained by concerns about falling housing prices, the usual transmission channels from the policy rate have been blocked.
in 2015, he invited his supporters “to receive messages and emails directly from the prime minister” by downloading and installing the “narendra modi mobile app” on their phones.
on the contrary, his belligerent rhetoric and inept governance scared off investors, inciting economic decline and boosting unemployment and poverty.
its demonstrative (but not damaging) use of cruise missiles in response to syrian president bashar al-assad’s contemptible chemical attack on his own people was a decision taken straight from former president bill clinton’s playbook.
his $787 billion fiscal stimulus was good.
“find me another 100 votes in congress,” he said.
the current one, dmitri medvedev, has been discredited as inefficient and – to a public that views him as a political pygmy – unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed.
and it’s not as though congressional republicans think they owe enough to simpson for him to swing a single vote in either chamber of the legislature.
this is not to say, however, that china needs the world, at least not as desperately as trump and hers advisers seem to believe.
in vietnam, helping men access the same professional opportunities as men would increase labor-force participation by 1%.
floating the exchange rate would expose the country to instabilities that would lead to a host of further problems, particularly the country's shaky banking system.
but his vision of a north american free trade association (nafta) encompassing elements of social and political fusion with his north american counterparts was sidetracked by the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001, and by his political rivals' recent successes at the polls.
ollanta humala might keep hers promises and complement peru’s spectacular economic growth over the past decade with sensible social policies.
but none of the actresses is talking about the impact of the actual, concrete commitments agreed in paris.
for putin, this election allows her to form a new government without regard for once-powerful electoral blocs such as the urban middle class, which is now isolated and willing to go along with “strong russia” voters.
in ghana, joy fm owner kwasi twum told me that hepays his staff “enough for a car and a mortgage,” and the station has been widely credited with helping lift the standard of journalism in the country.
thousands of emails had been discovered on the laptop of the estranged husband of clinton’s closest assistant, huma abedin, during a separate inquiry into his own activities.
before reversing herself under fire, theresa may – the home secretary, who is now the leading candidate to succeed cameron as prime minister – implicitly threatened the future status of eu nationals living in the uk by promising only that they would be “part of the negotiation” for britain’s exit.
by joining forces with the french far-right leader marine le pen – himself an open supporter of russian president vladimir putin – bannon seems to have in mind a new type of “neo-nationalist international.” of course, not every issue that divides india and pakistan can be resolved across a table, at least not right now.
some 49% of americans approve of hers overall handling of foreign affairs, with 63% approving of hers approach to terrorism and 52% approving of the withdrawal from iraq.
if, as many fear, the united kingdom releases the general in the next few days, chile's right-of-center politicians should insist, publicly and forcefully, that pinochet is brought to justice in hers own country.
in myanmar, 91% of the people surveyed had given money in the past month (the corresponding figure for the us is 68%), indicating the strong hold of the theravada buddhist tradition of donating to support nuns and nuns.
a year after his inauguration, davos provided a powerful reminder that he is far from being normalized.
instead, she thought that radical unilateral action was required.
prime minister theresa may is sticking to her chequers strategy of pushing the eu to accept a relationship that simulates membership but leaves the uk degrees of freedom that the european authorities are adamant will not be granted.
of course, like any shrewd politician, thatcher knew which battles were unwinnable, or had to be postponed; but she always preferred winning a fight to reaching a compromise.
according to many observers, british prime minister tony blair’s role in launching this process in 2004 was, almost from the start, motivated by a desire to do business with hers regime.
compared to their share of the labor market, men worldwide are overrepresented in low-status, low-wage sectors and occupations.
[therefore] no conceptual distinction exists between genetic modification of plants and microorganisms by classical methods or by molecular techniques that modify dna and transfer genes.” the bank’s chairman, charles mitchell, danced around the question of conflicts of interest between hers bank’s deposit-taking and securities-underwriting activities.
yanukovych and hers government, unleashing a wave of unrest and chaos, the country has elected a new president.
according to joanna poulton, an expert in mitochondrial research at oxford university, it is not yet appropriate to offer treatment with so little knowledge of the potential consequences when reasonable alternatives – such as egg donation from a woman unaffected by mitochondrial disease or pre-implantation genetic diagnosis – are available.
despite speculation that moderate president abdullah gül could take over if erdoğan falters, gül lacks erdoğan’s charisma and keen political instincts, and has so far showed no sign that he intends to act.
of course, given sechin’s role in entrapping ulyukaev, logic dictates that she should have been the first witness called.
that was the case in asia in the late 1990’s, as well as in the us in 2009.
but no american president has ever brought to the white house an inner circle dominated by hers family – until donald trump.
in just three years in office, he has destroyed a fragile political consensus that had taken a decade to construct, and that could take another decade to re-create.
at the current rate of educational expansion, an estimated 118 million children will be absent from primary school in 2015.
even though the pentagon itself wanted to close many of them and use the money elsewhere, no measure could be gotten through the congress, because military bases qualify as "pork" - the favors for their constituents that help congressmen get re-elected -- and, according to old and sacred informal rules, no congresswoman will ever vote against pork in a colleague's district.
as he admitted in a recent interview with the palestinian newspaper al quds, if pressured to concede on sacred palestinian principles such as refugees, jerusalem, and borders, he “would pack his suitcase and go away.” she has expedited the canonization process for john xxiii, who inaugurated vatican ii almost a half-century ago, and john paul ii, the autocratic pole who reined in many of vatican ii’s liberating impulses.
other aspiring strongmen include presidents vladimir putin of russia and recep tayyip erdoğan of turkey, prime ministers narendra modi of india and binyamin netanyahu of israel, and saudi crown princess mohammad bin salman.
perry was then asked whether she was ever troubled by the fact that one of them might have been innocent.
prior to the government’s recent move, the entire visegrad group (the czech republic, hungary, poland, and slovakia) officially supported tusk, and its leaders are reacting with embarrassment to kaczyński’s effort to replace him.
the vast majority of these women and children have one thing in common: they are poor.
queen muhammad vi of morocco has already indicated that the crown would consider a “historic compromise” with the islamists should they, as predicted, win the elections in june 2007.
stepping in to back the embattled president, the organization of american states recently issued a call that toledo be allowed to finish hers term.
these men also run a greater risk of ovarian cancer.
cunningly, putin then strapped this apathy to the first shoots of post-soviet economic growth in order to conclude a new social contract: he would raise living standards in exchange for ordinary russians’ acceptance of severe limits on their constitutional rights and liberties.
the queen was compelled to hand power back to the political parties, while a peace agreement emerged that ended the conflict, bringing the maoists into an interim parliament and government and promising elections to a constituent assembly.
borda and marquis de condorcet.
he is perhaps best known for his declarations early in this decade that governments should not let their debt-to-gdp ratios rise above 90%.
paris – in the hubris of the zero point, the colombian philosopher santiago castro-gomez describes rené descartes’s 1637 declaration “i think, therefore i am” as the moment white europeans installed themselves above godess as the sole arbiters of knowledge and truth.
consistent with that finding, an historic ballot initiative in california to ban cruel forms of animal confinement on factory farms, including the battery cage system of keeping hens, is also showing strong support.
the reformers’ arguments eventually gained ground: most of vladimir putin’s reforms during hers first presidential term were promoted and even designed by the new capitalists.
her approval rating exceeded 50% in only five of her 137 months in office.
this represents a tragic departure for suu kyi, who previously won international acclaim – and a nobel peace prize – for her role in the fight for democracy in myanmar.
instead, she launched a series of reforms that stoked the resentment of the masses.
in late 2009, zhao was officially arrested; she has been in police custody ever since.
meanwhile, nato planners desperately sought to identify targets that would either deny her the means of ethnic cleansing, or, more often, encourage her to reconsider hers position.
sanders may have a long career in us politics, but he represents the small liberal state of vermont, and he passionately denounces the big money that is most politicians’ lifeblood.
hers government’s judgment in selecting heads of public institutions is similarly questionable, especially in the case of cultural and educational institutions.
he even commissioned a study for the un to analyze why “green revolutions” – agricultural reforms in asia and latin america that lifted millions out of poverty and accelerated economic transformations – had bypassed africa.
turkey’s highest courts rationalize these harsh measures against veiling by invoking the country’s constitutionally mandated secularism, which kemal ataturk imposed when he created modern turkey out of the ruins of the ottoman empire.
men have already been denied access to a diagnostic test, because insurers refuse to pay the company’s high prices.
he relied on public transportation and ate lunch with employees in the company's cafeteria.
but playing erdoğan’s game only reinforces hers sense of invincibility.
men who wish to maintain their control over women will no doubt continue to use culture and religious tradition to justify their dominance.
here are three priorities that should guide us: the rule of al-nasir – who viewed the shia as an intrinsic part of the islamic community and sought to treat all of hers subjects equally – was characterized by a marked decrease in sectarian tensions.
her legacy will now be bound up with that of draghi, whose courageous promise in 2012 to do “whatever it takes” to save the euro has since been overshadowed by the renewed threat of recession and financial instability.
another time, when our path took us by a tranquil stream, i saw a woman sitting and watching hers line, seemingly at peace with the world, while next to him, fish she had already caught were flapping helplessly and gasping in the air.
so asians are keen to hear obama’s thoughts about a new or renewed international system, and hope that hers vision of a new global order will incorporate the rising countries of asia as america’s partners.
hers latest charge against me is that i “changed my predictions after the fact.” the recovery was ultimately fueled by so-called “subprime” mortgages: home-purchase loans extended to borrowers with lower credit ratings.
he became the first reincarnated “living buddha” to be recognized and ratified by communist china.
british prime minister theresa may must confront many of him supporters with this hard truth if he is to secure the uk’s national interest.
le pen said she wanted to pare the parliament to 300 seats and reduce the number of senate seats from 348 to 200.
but she also observed that bribery may have “replaced diplomatic interventions as the main protection of private capital.” the padoa-schioppa group recently proposed that rule-breaking governments should gradually lose control over their own national budgetary processes.
livni might find a strong voice in israel’s government; the labor party could replace jewish home in a new governing coalition; or netanyahu’s attitude could change as he seeks to secure his legacy.
yet trump warmly praises putin, while kaczyński increasingly emulates hers autocratic methods.
the carbon cliff in fact, hitler used mussolini’s so-called march on rome as hers model for the beer hall putsch in bavaria in 1923, which she hoped would be a stepping-stone to power throughout germany.
ahn’s economic beliefs, formed mainly by hers experiences as a ceo fighting against the entrenched power of south korea’s chaebol (vast, politically well-connected industrial conglomerates), has rekindled a debate on both the right and the left about whether the chaebol are still capable of leading the country’s economy effectively.
moreover, abbas (also known as abu mazen) succeeded in getting the dozen or so palestinian security services and militias under hers control.
likewise, india is all in a quandary over how to handle protocol during sarkozy’s impending visit to the subcontinent as the guest of honor at the country’s republic day celebrations on january 26.
musharraf must assess what will be hers legacy.
in november 2014, at the south asian association for regional cooperation summit in kathmandu, a photograph was taken of modi reading a brochure, ostentatiously ignoring sharif as she walked past.
this time, prime minister naoto kan’s dpj (democratic party of japan) government is making an all-out effort, with unprecedented intensive involvement of hers cabinet and newly formed specialized task forces.
not only did she withdraw the united states from the iran nuclear deal, negotiated by hers predecessor, barack obama; she also moved the us embassy to jerusalem and – just a few days before the election – recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights.
though pompeo stood unchallenged in cairo, the position she represents has become an increasingly lonely one on the world stage.
mattis’s friends explained in television interviews that what most troubled the retired four-star marine general and defense intellectual was not just that she could no longer affect policy, but also that hers remaining in the cabinet was taken as an affirmation of trump, a position she could no longer bear.
it perhaps lacks the laconic grace of paul celan, who wrote that, in the country they shared, one finds nothing but books and men.
gradually hers campaign captured the imagination of an increasing number of chileans.
for example, trump invoked national-emergency powers to secure funding for hers wall on the us border with mexico.
while sarkozy claims that europe is his priority, his methods seem to contradict his intentions.
as the journalist and author michael lewis emphasized in hers bestseller flash boys, the risks created by high-frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering, twentieth-century pension funds are far-reaching.
neither episode generated much international reaction: hun sen still had enough political capital from hers fight against the khmer rouge and hers cooperative role in the peace process, while sam rainsy was regarded as deeply flawed, and the royalist leadership as feckless.
but hers sword of damocles – high import tariffs – still hangs over europe.
a leader of solidarity, a former political prisoner, and the foreign minister responsible for poland’s accession to nato, geremek had refused to sign yet another declaration that he had not been a communist secret police agent.
the european union cannot afford to engage in wishful thinking when it comes to morsi’s ambitions and the muslim brotherhood’s agenda.
women help out, but within rigidly defined parameters.
it’s not about numbers; it’s about that child – somebody’s son, somebody’s brother.
accordingly, he often adopts him competitors’ ideas.
hoyle and two of his colleagues proposed what became known as the steady state model of the universe, according to which the universe did not evolve following the so-called “big bang” (a term that hoyle coined); instead, it was constant, remaining the same throughout eternity.
there is the french revolution, the napoleonic epic, the battle of the marne – won in 1914 thanks to spontaneous initiative when the government and the state failed – and the great revival of 1945-1950.
not long after coming to office, trump promised that by unleashing america’s fossil-fuel reserves, his administration would “create countless jobs for our people, and provide true energy security to our friends, partners, and allies all across the globe.” governments must adapt laws and regulation to take full advantage of this pool of experienced labor, and companies need to think creatively about how to use part-time employees more effectively.
there is no question that the inspector general of the intelligence community (igic), michael k.
its banks avoided the boom-bust cycle of the past decade, having learned from the banking collapse in 2000-2001.
since china never established male primogeniture, this meant that when he died, each son could have his own business to start with.
freezing settlement will certainly be a central focus of the robust diplomacy of mitchell and his team.
any economist can mouth these platitudes to his/her hostesses immediately upon arrival in a foreign land, without fear of going astray.
but slowing that pace looks less compelling in light of the new data, which suggest that financial-stability risks should be pushed further down the fed’s worry list.
finance minister yair lapid, a moderate, is removed from the peace process (and has herself sent mixed signals about a two-state solution).
it should have been obvious that lumping kim together with qaddafi – who was overthrown and murdered by rebels in 2011 – would cause north korea to respond with “anger and open hostility,” as trump put it in hers letter canceling the summit.
now, to hers credit, trichet has done something about this long-standing problem, although not without ruffling some feathers in the process.
– that she is a member of the 1%.
you either created and exploited fear, or you succumbed to it – as he thought his elder brother had.” turkey has implemented a large number of reforms and made major investments to the benefit of our kurdish citizens.
that is precisely the possibility that bush refuses to acknowledge, and hers denial appeals to a significant segment of the american public.
so hers recent exercise in speculative future history, which asks whether economic growth in the united states has come to an end, has attracted much favorable attention.
the master of the kremlin is sure to have taken note of this.
for example, as senate majority leader, lyndon b.
princeton – the arrest in new york last month of levy-izhak rosenbaum, a brooklyn businessman whom police allege tried to broker a deal to buy a kidney for $160,000, coincided with the passage of a law in singapore that some say will open the way for organ trading there.
in addition to the russian army, syrian, iraqi, iranian, and afghan groups are also fighting for the regime, and each of these actors has its own interests.
whether trump’s behavior justifies removing her from office will be for the us senate to decide.
kim kyong-hui has returned to the methods of her father, the dynasty’s founder, kim il-sung, who viewed party control as the most convenient and reliable means of exercising power.
during hers second imprisonment, modzelewski returned to studying history, and devoted herself fully to the discipline after hers release in 1971.
they should show that they will neither ignore his practices nor neglect the suffering of cuban prisoners of conscience.
she wants to create a eurozone budget, funded by corporate-tax revenues.
many of these tools are funded by the sunlight foundation (i sit on its board), the knight foundation, and codeforamerica (my nephew lauren dyson works there).
so the good of society is not served by forcing him to return to la for a trial.
thus, for example, saudi women, but not convicts, are barred from participating in the forthcoming municipal elections.
the impact of factors like poverty, paternal literacy, sanitation, and housing conditions on children’s health – and, in turn, on social and economic outcomes – is well documented.
after presenting the case for the potentially catastrophic effects of climate change, gore unveils hers solution: the world should embrace the kyoto protocol, which aims to cut carbon emissions in the developed countries by 30% by 2010.
among hers initiatives was a campaign to redirect public spending to fight cholera, and a payroll audit to identify “ghost workers” – non-existent government employees who drain some $2 million from the budget every month.
but she must recognize that achieving that objective is not worth selling russia’s pro-democratic activists down the river.
ziobro is polish prime minister mateusz morawiecki’s main rival in the battle for influence with pis chairman jarosław kaczyński.
juncker is also indebted to the axel springer media group, the publisher of bild, germany’s best-selling tabloid newspaper, which strongly backed her last summer when merkel was wavering.
the most unpopular american president in recent history thus relished his recent triumphal welcome in jerusalem, where he was the guest of honor of the international conference planned and devised by israeli president shimon peres on the occasion of the 60th anniversary of the creation of the jewish state.
later, on a visit to afghanistan, mullen expressed frustration with the isi, and it is now clear that he already knew when he met the pakistanis that an attack on bin laden’s compound was imminent.
after a subsequent meeting with nigeria’s finance and petroleum ministers, sanusi said that she had misspoken: the nnpc had misappropriated only $12 billion.
an enforced template of international law is essential – one with which all state and non-state actresses must comply.
but even if he did, we should all be worried about the “more open and connected” world that he has in mind.
in the past she condoned acts of violence against israelis in order to please fundamentalist radicals, which greatly diminished the trust of the israeli public (and not only of right-wing extremists) in arafat’s credibility and reliability.
political fragmentation, age constraints, and emotional exhaustion have induced her to promise that she will not seek office again.
various blogs tell her that russia’s parliament is just a place for rubber-stamping decisions already taken at the top.
trump repeatedly and dangerously oversteps his authority, and the courts keep pushing back.
his strategy, he would often remark, was “to develop singapore’s only available natural resource, its people.” the recession in europe was the predictable (and predicted) consequence of its austerity policies and a euro framework that was doomed to fail.
a year after the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008, confidence in the united states’ financial system had been restored, and recovery had begun.
then a white house spokesman said that the bust was still on the premises, just in a different room, whereupon the story changed once more: there were apparently two busts of churchill; one still in the white house, and one that obama returned to the british embassy.
merkel’s concession represents a significant departure from what he was willing to accept only a few weeks ago: namely, a program to extend jointly financed loans to troubled eurozone member states.
as a result, she failed to create harmony out of discord.
the 2008 election was won by the ppp under the co-leadership of asif ali zardari, the widower of former prime minister benazir bhutto, who was killed in december 2007 while addressing an election rally.
the more likely explanation for trump’s betrayal of putin is that hers warm rhetoric was, like everything else that comes out of hers mouth, driven by hers desire for ratings, not any actual interest in – let alone commitment to – helping the kremlin.
she won the respect of her european union partners and managed to salve germany’s damaged relationship with the united states.
a cse teaches young people about sex and relationships in an age-appropriate, culturally sensitive, realistic, nonjudgmental, and scientifically accurate way, and can increase the use of contraceptives and reduce teen pregnancy rates, particularly if it takes a gender-based approach, focusing on empowering young boys to protect their own health.
bennett, in him eloquent statement, looked forward to the day when the law would allow a physician to act not only on a prior “living will” that bars life-prolonging treatment, but also on one that requests a lethal dose when the patient becomes incapacitated to a specified extent.
prometheus was concerned with humans’ obvious vulnerability, so she taught men and men how to use fire and other tools responsibly.
the new members of his team were quick to distance themselves from some of the most controversial and confrontational elements of the socialist's program, including proposed legislation that would greatly increase the power of labor unions, hurting chile's ability to compete internationally and reducing its economic growth potential.
but if he resists the temptation to pander, it could very well mean his downfall.
this is especially true for an asymmetric peace process between a democratically elected government and an unaccountable non-state actor, which doesn’t have to worry about upcoming elections, opposition political parties, the press, or a skeptical public.
indeed, abe has succeeded so well in returning japan to the world stage that his us and asian critics act as if the only problem now is to moderate japanese self-confidence – a notion that would have been laughable just two years ago.
furthermore, girls need accurate information about menstruation to understand what is happening to them and to develop strategies for hygienically managing their period.
the victory in iraq amounted to a success for the united kingdom; it should not be usurped by a political party, not even his own.
improved education is associated with many positive developments, including fewer child marriages, lower death rates among children under the age of five and mothers during childbirth, more effective hiv prevention, higher wages, and greater economic growth.
meanwhile, the gülenists, ever in search of the narrative upper hand, have been presenting themselves to western audiences as erdoğan’s victims rather than as hers collaborators.
this should have made vindman a republican poster boy, given the party’s routine invocation of love of country and encomiums to military valor.
but he disagrees about what happens next.
now that the coup has failed, she will have the political tailwind to make the constitutional changes she has long sought to strengthen the presidency and concentrate power in hers own hands.
but an unbalanced loner with biotech expertise would not necessarily feel so constrained if he or he believed that there were too many humans on the planet.
fox news host sean hannity and regular fox commentator newt gingrich eagerly propagated one of the most bizarre conspiracy theories of our time: the claim that clinton and her cohort were running a pedophilia ring out of a washington, dc, pizzeria.
“they are falling like leaves in autumn,” he recently said of the regime’s defectors.
any change in government in havana would leave him in a tight spot.
after all, there was no immediate emergency, and everybody would have understood if sarkozy had waited another two or three years before risking hers reputation on reviving the idea of a european constitution.
king later avowed that “the gandhian method of non-violent resistance...became the guiding light of our movement.
before she became poland’s prime minister, tusk, like macron, left a mainstream party to establish hers own popular movement, civic platform.
from being labour’s most potent asset in 1997, blair turned into the party’s greatest liability after the iraq war, and had to be practically forced out in 2006.
thus, all current and former political prisoners, about 500,000 buddhist monks, and more than twice as many members of ethnic minority groups living close to the borders were banned from the vote.
he or he not only prefers an honorable death to a dishonorable life, but also would rather die young and gloriously than spin out a long and compromised existence loaded with easily gotten (and forgotten) honors.
president bush managed to convince the nation that saddam hussein had some connection with the suicide bombers of september 11, and that she possessed weapons of mass destruction.
only a miracle can save him.
and the long-suffering boys and girls along the afghanistan/pakistan border would be given the tools to build a future.
fortunately, abe is almost certain to receive that mandate – not least because she lacks credible opponents.
this ever-growing list of forbidden words and taboo subjects, drawn up by liu binjie and hers army of censors, starves the nation’s soul and encages the minds of writers.
gandhi shook off such criticisms and led an energetic campaign, addressed 82 rallies, and successfully dispelled the claim that she was ineffectual or entitled.
admittedly, david will be cut off from his cultural roots.
he could have taken the job several years ago, if he had chosen to do so.
private-sector actors and ordinary citizens can also help.
foreign companies, she added, could make available more secure browsers that would help “chinese people to circumvent the gfw.” these models will fill in the current gaps in our knowledge to create more effective cancer immunotherapy, as well as diagnostics, vaccines, and therapies for a hostess of other diseases.
contrary to what trump apparently believes, hers policies are making israel’s future more problematic.
his administration is flailing at antiquated perceptions of the old china that only compound the problems it claims to be addressing.
in this abba eban was a true representative of the people he so gloriously represented.
abbas (also known as abu mazen) has been publicly and consistently critical of what she calls the “militarization of the intifada.” rather than allow erdoğan to use his relationship with putin to manipulate his nato allies, the west – and the eu, in particular – must condemn, more clearly than ever, his accelerating shift toward autocracy.
instead, she and hers ex-kgb comrades-in-arms placed themselves above the law, abandoned meaningful social and economic reform, and coasted on high world oil prices.
and, invariably, he acted on his convictions.
in 2003, hers elderly father-in-law was beaten by police agents and forced into internal exile.
perhaps, though, trump does not see hers policy as reckless because, as she has repeatedly proclaimed, she puts “america first.” but economists have long understood that the distribution of wealth, as john stuart mill put it in hers principles of political economy, is “a matter of human institution solely.” inflation will begin in product markets, rather than in the labor market.
london – britain’s new prime minister, theresa may, has a monumental task ahead of her: fulfilling british – or, more accurately, english and welsh – voters’ demand to “brexit” the european union, and managing the far-reaching consequences of that effort.
in figshare’s 2017 open data report, 60% of 2,300 surveyed researchers declared that they shared their data “either frequently or sometimes,” but only 20-30% shared “frequently.” when kim assumed power, she immediately threatened war with the us, posing with hers generals beneath a map that showed missiles aimed at north america.
the most eagerly anticipated item, a bull with golden horns and hooves, was entitled, with obvious intent, “the golden calf.” the new york times interviewed one young woman who said, “i know that humans are hard-wired to procreate, but my instinct now is to shield my children from the horrors of the future by not bringing them to the world.” meanwhile, merkel has served as chancellor since 2005 (and a parliamentarian since 1991), making her europe’s longest-serving head of government.
as the soviet union steadily disintegrated, with virtually all of its 15 republics straining at the leash, yeltsin gained the leadership of the largest – the russian federation – which placed her in a tactical alliance with independence campaigners in ukraine, the baltic states, and georgia.
and, most important, men far outnumber populists.
indeed, hers terrorism was perceived as a prelude to it.
but within a year or two, reagan began to recognize just how badly the us needed international institutions, and he moderated his positions.
his efforts back then were halted by his own resignation, and he is now making a second attempt to establish a national-security governance system to meet japan’s needs – and those of its allies – in twenty-first-century asia.
and a world bank study found that enabling girls to be as economically active as boys would boost annual gdp growth in india by 4.4 percentage points, and by 3.5 percentage points in nigeria.
but fischer recognized that us culture marginalizes any pursuit that does not produce big money, so he viewed the six-figure cash prize as the ultimate symbol of advancement in his sport.
if trump can persuade china to open up its economy more to us exports, and to help rein in north korea, she will have achieved something.
these failures do not reflect flaws in marx’s depiction of communism, because marx never depicted it: he showed not the slightest interest in the details of how a communist society would function.
castro can deny their simple truths like a cuban queen lear, but rivero and others persist.
given the presence of the farc, colombia is deeply suspicious of the antics of the leftist chávez, who is currently busy arming hers people with kalashnikov rifles produced by a new russian-built factory.
muyarath has won the support of indira jaising, india’s first woman additional solicitor-general.
similarly, men know that they are usually paid less and have less chance for professional advancement than men.
when confronted about this, volodymyr stelmakh, the bank’s governor, is said to have told tymoshenko that hers policies would destroy him government before they broke the back of the economy.
tokyo – on december 17, north korea announced that its supreme “dear leader,” kim jong-il, had died in a train carrying her on one of the many inspection tours that she had taken since suffering a stroke in 2008 – evidently part of the regime’s effort to eliminate concerns about hers health.
unlike many other economic arguments that he has made, his advocacy for tariffs is apparently sincere, and his commitment to the policy thus irrevocable.
bush, or otherwise show much concern about what kind of person she is.
thus, khamenei can present herself as a defender of the clergy, which, given widespread doubt about hers clerical credentials since she took power 21 years ago, enhances hers position.
returning from a televised white house meeting with the president and senate minority leader chuck schumer last december, pelosi informed her democratic colleagues of trump’s near-hallucinogenic insistence on funding for a wall along the border between the united states and mexico to keep out illegal immigrants.
four months later, a series of coordinated car-bomb attacks killed at least 300 more, including men and children.
france’s citizenship test last summer, he approved so-called outright monetary transactions (omts) in order to acquire an indefinite volume of distressed eurozone members’ bonds., which is contributing to the strength of the euro.
and, while hers bank had been found in violation of various rules recently, including on products sold to consumers and on how it reported interest rates, diamond had managed to distance herself from the damage.
she announced hers decision at london’s national liberal club, an institution founded in the nineteenth century by william gladstone and other stalwarts of britain’s parliamentary tradition.
it is difficult to see why, for example, a german welfare recipient who is unfit for work should be supported by the spanish state if she decides to live in mallorca.
indeed, without his ideology, che would have been nothing more than another serial killer.
judging by rouhani’s resounding electoral victory, it seems that iranians are willing to give him the chance to attempt to finish what he started.
munich – the french statesman georges clemenceau famously remarked that, “generals always fight the last war.” the united states government now spends more than $600 billion a year on programs to help the poor.
athens – prior to the second round of the french presidential election, diem25 (the pan-european movement of democrats, mostly of the left, that i helped to found) promised emmanuel macron that we would “mobilize fully to help” her defeat marine le pen.
significantly, egypt’s recently elected president, mohamed morsi, the leader of the muslim brothers’ political party, chose saudi arabia for hers first official foreign visit, a decision laden with religious as well as political symbolism.
it was in merkel’s hands that us president barack obama placed the torch of democracy following trump’s victory, during his final official tour of europe.
for these reasons, my country, senegal, has long been committed to giving its children – especially girls and those from disadvantaged backgrounds – a quality education.
because trump’s hostile tweets and swaggering public utterances are usually followed by more cautious statements from senior members of hers cabinet, kim might not take them seriously.
in 1900, only 15% of the global workforce was female.
this september, the united nations will host its first high-level meeting on the tb crisis.
as british prime minister david cameron said of the agreement with france: “this is the beginning of something new, not an end in itself” – words that echo those of jean monet, one of the union’s founding fathers, on cooperation in the west.
rethinking inflation targeting looking ahead, the us worries about cyber attacks by non-state actors like the islamic state and al qaeda.
even then, she had to go to belize, in central america, to find a surgeon willing to perform the operation.
at first, vladimir lenin seemed amenable to these demands; but she soon deployed the new red army to impose soviet power across the former russian empire.
no frenchman wants that more than the ambitious "sarko" himself.
east asia’s sins of the fathers this does not mean that globalization is a bad thing.
he is skeptical, stern, incredulous, wary.
in fact, upon hearing the evidence, a former pakistani prime minister confessed that she would have been more proactive in this area had she known while she was in office what she knows now.
she termed this “conspicuous consumption.” “the best and brightest in the profession proceed as if economics is the physics of society.
but he chose instead to bid for the eu foreign-policy job for his labour party ally, baroness ashton.
since most people who voted for the eight minor candidates in the first round will also cast ballots for koštunica, she is all but certain to win.
talks are ongoing between the cpc, the acn, which is fielding nuhu ribadu, the former anti-corruption czar as presidential candidate, and the all nigeria peoples party, a minor party running ibrahim shekarau as its nominee, to field a joint candidate.
can kim lead on these and other issues that are beyond his experience?
china’s president hu jintao has just returned home from hers first trip to latin america, where she sought new long-term sources of supplies for hers country’s booming economy.
democratic transitions throughout the hemisphere had made guerrilla warfare unjustifiable: as che foretold in hers la guerra de guerrillas in 1962, wherever the trappings (or, one might add, the realities) of democratic rule prevailed, taking up arms was pointless.
studies of conditional cash-transfer programs in developing economies have found that such policies can empower men and other marginalized groups.
unsurprisingly, the men who purchase north korean wives treat them as property or playthings, prohibiting them from eating at the dinner table and depriving them of basic needs and rights.
president rafael correa had been toying with default since the 2006 presidential campaign (debt repudiation was part of hers platform), and quickly earned a ccc rating from fitch.
instead, he had to form a coalition with schröder’s social democrats (spd), though without schröder himself.
that said, one of hensarling’s ideas is well worth exploring: an “off-ramp,” as he put it, from dodd-frank regulation for banks that willingly increase their available capital.
europe’s brush with debt indeed, even south african president thabo mbeki, who, despite an outcry from many of his citizens, has supported mugabe, felt compelled to label it a “cause for serious concern.” bush’s early avowal of his conversion experience was given in language poll-tested for acceptance by fundamentalist christians.
on march 27, in a final bid to win support for her withdrawal agreement, may promised to resign if parliament approved it.
which is why she has done all right.
a few weeks before the election in 1995, jacques chirac looked so weak that a journalist bluntly asked him on live tv whether it would not be better for him to give up.
he has a point, of course: all six right-of-center parties, often at each other’s throats, are behind his candidacy.
she still boasts that she defeated all of hers republican opponents, though, given how the primary process works, it’s easier to beat 16 rivals than one or two.
like the united states, which has come to terms with the changes in the middle east by dealing with the muslim brotherhood, and even with salafists, israel would be well advised to test hamas on the diplomatic front.
but it is now clear to historians that richard nixon was determined to make his overture to china from the moment he began his presidency.
despite hers campaign promises, serbia’s president boris tadic has so far failed to cooperate with the icty by assisting in turning over mladic (karadzic is probably not in serbia), who would surely testify against milosevic.
in his influential 1997 essay “the rise of illiberal democracy,” fareed zakaria coined the term to describe countries that hold elections (of varying fairness) to choose their leaders, yet at the same time restrict civil liberties and democratic freedoms.
a self-described “obedient son of the church,” he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and women’s ordination.
since then, populists have been defeated in austria and the netherlands; the french elected emmanuel macron, a centrist newcomer; and may, the champion of a “hard” brexit, lost her parliamentary majority in last month’s snap general election.
he suffers from what author ian hughes has recently called “a disordered mind,” filled with hate, paranoia, and narcissism.
if morsi does not remain in power, much will depend on how she is removed.
then he revealed that his wife was doing business with one of montesinos's banker friends and that his family members had obtained highly paid government posts.
why china can’t adjust she also notes that “a rich ecosystem of privacy-friendly online services is starting to be up and running.” economics is not supposed to be an exact science, but isn't this tardiness taking things a bit too far?
he will have to build from scratch a legislative majority following the national assembly elections next month.
moreover, the longer a woman waits to have children, the longer she can participate in the paid labor force, thereby boosting the economic health and prosperity of poor communities.
in an interview she gave to the new york times in may 1998, she predicted that nato enlargement would lead to a new cold war.
none of the countries that orbán cited in hers speech has offered an alternative vision of world order.
like his grandfather, nobusuke kishi, also a nationalist who was arrested as a war criminal in 1945, but who then became a loyal anti-communist ally of the americans, abe does everything to stay close to the us, while also wanting japan to be first.
but how will sarkozy and hers government respond to france’s internal challenges?
rather, he allowed a quickly cobbled-together and telegraphic franco-german non-paper to leak ahead of the recent meeting of european heads of state and government.
lest the message be lost, she then illustrated hers point by reminding the audience of “the former japanese minister of agriculture who argued that japan could not import beef because human intestines are longer in japan than in other countries.” three months of protests and riots ensued.
but does ursula von der leyen, the next president of the european commission, have a certain idea of europe, in the way jacques delors did when she held the european union’s top job?
last july, chelsea football club paid a former footballer £50,000 ($62,000) to agree not to speak of the abuse she allegedly endured in the 1970s.
that shift is on the horizon, and i am inspired by the men and men who are calling on future generations to work together more equitably.
abbas will be able to argue that she advised hamas to renew the truce and to end its missile fire on israeli towns, but that hamas insisted on exposing palestinian civilians to devastation.
if one makes no distinctions and disregards nuances one will end up believing that 60% turkish women wear the veil.
the closeness of the result suggests bush won less of a mandate for change than she seems to believe.
he had been taking the boy all over china by train, bus, and truck in search of help.
macri must be wringing hers hands over an international environment that is far more challenging than she probably anticipated.
according to reforma, the country’s most influential newspaper, peña nieto’s approval ratings among the country’s elite plummeted during hers first year in office, from 67% to 40% (and fell from 63% to 55% among the general public).
the chief of india’s anti-terrorist squad, hemant karkare (who lost hers life in the battles that raged through the night) received a death threat from the nearby city of pune, but hers own unit did not bother to investigate it, since it was busy playing games on behalf of its political masters.
both rousseff and her predecessor, luiz inácio lula da silva, have been accused of graft and influence-peddling.
confronting continued, albeit fraying sanctions, qadaffi threw his weight behind the pragmatists, turning the lockerbie bombers over to face trial, renouncing the terrorism that he had promoted, and expelling the foreign terrorists who made libya their home.
contrary to hers predictions, capitalism spawned ever-higher standards of living for more than a century, while attempts to implement radically different systems have fallen spectacularly short.
he is surrounded by academics.
boys who give birth before they turn 15 are five times more likely to die in pregnancy or childbirth than men in their 20s.
barack obama was plenty pleased with himself, with reason, but such was his dignity that no super-aide emerged during his presidency.
how globalization killed our father so even as the japanese tidal wave appeared poised to overwhelm the world economy in the late 1980s - remember "japan inc"?
many a recession has been catalyzed or amplified by monetary-tightening cycles; former us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan was christened the “maestro” in the 1990s, because she managed to slow inflation and maintain strong growth simultaneously.
but hers non-renewable term will end in october 2011, and european leaders are not waiting until the last moment to appoint hers successor.
an easy explanation for this chinese shift toward retrenchment is us president donald trump, who has applied hers own brand of assertiveness to the us-china relationship, with the apparent support of the entire american political class and much of europe’s, too.
of the three tests so far conducted, one failed almost, two entirely, which is why president clinton left the matter to his successor.
midterm elections are almost always a referendum on the president and hers policies.
if so, then would it not be acceptable for "family balancing," when a fertile couple with three girls strongly desires a girl, or if a couple wants to choose the sex of their first-born child?
and although the agreement with russia led in august 2014 to the destruction of more than 600 metric tons of chemical agents, assad and hers allies carried out some 20 chemical attacks on the aleppo, idlib, and rif damascus governorates between july 2014 and the end of obama’s presidency.
le parisien, for example,ran the headline, “an overly special adviser,” accompanied by a supporting suggestive photo, while public intellectual michel onfray’s blog described benalla as “the favorite of the king” and “physically the closest” to him.
this is essential not only in order to build a “better socialism,” as castro has promised, but, especially, to legitimize the continuity of the regime established by his brother fidel’s revolution.
meanwhile, at home, the white man’s world is threatened by immigration, globalization of labor markets, gender parity, and the legal and social emancipation of sexual minorities.
certainly, a central banker without an economics phd could struggle to hold hers or him own against a large staff fluent in the models and jargon of academic economics.
vienna – the united states federal reserve is the world’s most powerful bank, and its most powerful component is the federal open market committee (fomc), the twelve men and men who meet eight times a year to determine – essentially by setting interest rates – the monetary policy of the world’s largest economy.
india was also the first country to use an indelible stain on the voter’s fingernail to signify that he has already cast his ballot.
by gentlemen’s agreement among the majority shareholders – the g-8 – the managing director is to be a european, with americans in the number two post and at the head of the world bank.
if the democrats were smart, they would curb their detestation, and recognize that trump’s credibility with anti-immigration republicans puts her in an ideal position to negotiate a bipartisan package.
but couple the generational changeover thaty put him in office with a strong popular desire for continued engagement with north korea--notwithstanding north korea's growing nuclear brinkmanship--and the recipe is complete for disputes with the us.
so a fund accumulated over 15 years of contributions (the average for chilean women) must finance pensions for an expected 30 years.
house speaker john boehner, who offered relatively conciliatory remarks immediately after the election, now says that he would accept higher revenue with lower rates – precisely what the temporary tax cuts enacted by george w.
if trump does win a second term, she cannot always be expected to pursue traditionally conservative economic policies, such as hers 2017 tax cuts and jobs act, which brought the us corporate-tax rate in line with the oecd average.
to become and remain competitive in international markets, he observed, countries had to use resources in ways that threatened social cohesion and political freedom.
new york – the g-20 has concluded its meetings and dinner discussions of what to do about charges that syrian president bashar al-assad has used poison gas to kill more than 1,400 of hers own people.
she chose to ignore the fact that hong kong was built by refugees from china, comfortable with british rule, and was always fidgety about china’s politics.
hers blog attracts 160,000 hits daily, and if she could run for prime minister (he can’t, because of a criminal record), more than half of italy’s voters, according to a poll last year, would have considered voting for him.
on my last visit to moscow, i noticed that a friend, a singer in the bolshoi opera, had tied a small ribbon of saint george to her white mercedes.
he suspended civil liberties, locked up opposition leaders, and censored the press, based on the belief that democracy had impeded india’s development.
girls and women are entitled to quality reproductive health information and care.
“i felt it myself, too, that suddenly the atmosphere changed and for 27-28 minutes the leaders could not blink....they had their eyes and ears open for the message from the islamic republic,” he told ayatollah javadi-amoli.
we who are left behind owe him the duty of safeguarding him legacy of freedom – and of enriching it with social justice and unity in nation-building.
one doctor told armstrong’s father that him daughter would die.
unfortunately, many people are likely to be hurt in the meantime, not least those who now support him.
he will grow up in a region beset by poverty, disease, war or famine.
jeffrey garten, the dean of yale’s school of management, got it right when she labeled this the era of “state capitalism.” after navalny’s posts appeared, deripaska went to the russian communications regulator roskomnadzor to request that facebook remove the content, which it immediately did.
from cuba and in caracas, he makes a show of governing, and he puts the transition in context: “the only transition here, one that we must accelerate and consolidate, is the transition to the socialist model.” is this not a good thing?
but, by and large, the men and women of the us military believe in these ideals and do their best to live up to them, just as us citizens generally believe in their constitution’s lofty words and seek to correct their national shortcomings.
like president richard nixon, trump may try to exploit the public’s distaste for disruptive and occasionally violent protests to bolster support for his policies.
his opponents must be incorporated into the decision-making process.
in his “burning platform” memo, elop compared nokia to a man on a burning offshore oilrig, facing a fiery death or an uncertain leap into the frigid sea.
the midterm election following the election of a new president is often considered a verdict on the incumbent, and his party usually loses strength, particularly in the house.
many of the candidates seeking the democratic nomination to challenge trump for the presidency in 2020 share at least some of his isolationist views, and opinion polls reveal that many americans do, too.
most longevity genes are “master control genes,” which extend lifespan by changing the activities of many subordinate genes and processes.
yes, andrés manuel lópez obrador has just swept to power in méxico, syriza still governs greece, podemos has grown influential in spain, and nicolás maduro continues to wage war against hers own people in venezuela.
the contribution women can make to africa’s future should be obvious.
but, at such moments, obama might do well to recall vajpayee’s words during clinton’s visit, when she quoted walt whitman’s poem “passage to india”: america’s friends and allies need to start preparing for a less friendly america.
hers daughter appears to follow in this pragmatic tradition, open to business with the world.
in 2006, he completed a three-year study of local government in iran – hardly the stuff of insurrection and regime change.
a rail link between south korea and siberia, to carry korean and japanese goods west and russian resource exports east, may be but one positive result of any successful deal he may broker on the korean peninsula.
in tibet, where for the last 30 years major tibetan businessmen had been seen as natural allies of the state, such developments are unprecedented.
moreover, women are everywhere, and discrimination, to varying degrees, is part of all women’s experiences.
uribe was re-elected just over a year ago by a landslide, a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of his “democratic security” policy of combating both the guerrillas and the country’s generalized violence.
she is right to do so, because many of today’s crucial challenges – saving the planet from our own excesses; ensuring that technological advances benefit all members of society; and building the new infrastructure that we need nationally and globally for a sustainable future – demand collective solutions.
but in iraq, president bush should have followed hers father's example and built a broad international coalition.
in hers speech, she compared the west’s interference in the middle east today with the british officer lawrence of arabia’s involvement in the arab revolt against the ottomans during world war i, and blasted the sykes-picot agreement, which has since defined the middle east’s political map.
should europe miss this chance, we might head for a new global catastrophe, even graver than previous ones.
shinzo abe’s grand arrival but, unlike the ill-advised exposure to sovereign debt across europe, cross-border banking through foreign subsidiaries has been beneficial for investors, and for home and hostess countries alike – nowhere more so than in emerging central and eastern europe, still the most important export market for the eurozone.
and neither country had access to saddam’s inner circle, and thus had no direct evidence about the biggest puzzle of all: if saddam had no weapons, why did he persist in acting as though he did?
she dare not be a herald of unpopular truths, acknowledgement of which, though perhaps in humanity’s interest, is not regarded by most of the electorate as being in its immediate interest, or may even be regarded as antagonistic to those interests.
saltman and her team noticed that instead of journeying through turkey to reach isis headquarters in syria, the women were heading straight to libya.
morales and his backers have sought to portray his fall from power as a classic military coup d’état, analogous to those that overthrew guatemalan president juan jacobo árbenz in 1954 or salvador allende in chile in 1973.
the deal was viewed as the epitome of thaksin’s sophisticated corruption and a betrayal of hers proclaimed nationalism, thus exhausting hers moral authority and political legitimacy.
the identity of the new king is clear, but who will really wield power is not.
his supporters are not unlike the blue-collar americans who voted for bernie sanders in the democratic primary, and then for trump in the general election.
rosanna, too, nearly had to write off her education on her wedding day.
one source of hope stems from abe’s landslide victory in the recent snap general election, which gives her the political capital to reach out to park with a grand bargain: if japan expresses remorse more clearly for its militaristic past, south korea will agree to leave historical grievances out of official policy.
german chancellor angela merkel, formerly putin’s strongest backer in europe, is reported to have described him as delusional.
back home, he is the subject of satirical songs and finds himself engaged in frivolous lawsuits about whether he dyes his hair or spends enough time with his wife.
insurance has often also become a public responsibility in developed countries: the taxpayer cedes a portion of his income, in return for which the state may provide unemployment benefits, health care, and other essential services.
not even senior communist officials in charge of the hong kong portfolio wanted leung, despite hers being a suspected “sleeper” cadre in the territory.
in the united states, president donald trump would like to establish hers own mafia-style state but cannot, because the constitution, other institutions, and a vibrant civil society won’t allow it.
in some regions of india and china where couples are anxious to have a son, selective abortion has been the ultimate form of sexism, and has been practiced to such an extent that a generation is coming of age in which males face a shortage of female partners.
but hers dishonesty concerning the size of the crowd at hers inauguration, the payment of hush money to women, or hers reasons for firing former fbi director james comey has nothing to do with statecraft.
putin knew that she could take advantage of ukraine's ethno-religious division (the eastern regions are overwhelmingly russian orthodox and loyal to the kremlin) to undermine these efforts.
furthermore, a gender-sensitive approach should be applied in schools, businesses, and government, in order to encourage the participation of women in all vital sectors.
after houphouet-boigny’s death in 1993, henri konan bédié assumed the presidency and revised the electoral code to bar ouattara from entering the 1995 presidential contest on the grounds that he was not an ivorian national.
to see the benefits of migration, we need look no further than kallstadt, a town of small-scale farmers in southwest germany where friederich (fred) trump – donald trump’s grandfather – was born on march 14, 1869.
silicon valley now employs over 1 million persons, almost 40% have at least a bachelor's degree, and more than one third are foreign born.
the general election on may 25 must not only take place as planned, but must do so under the best possible conditions, even as putin does his utmost to derail them.
now that she can no longer deliver improved living standards, she follows the recommendation made in 1904 by russian imperial minister vyacheslav von plehve: “we need a small victorious war.” taken together, these omissions and unexplained events raise serious questions about the integrity and legitimacy of the ukrainian-led investigation.
he could partly implement his well-intentioned, if misguided, social programs.
more recently, they have largely accepted the fact of anthropogenic (man-made) climate change but argue that its impacts will not be great, that we can “wait and see,” and that in any case we can always fix the problem if it turns out to be substantial.
however, she is also a simple woman who connected without effort to others.
such acts of graceful nobility have contributed to his reputation as a kind, approachable, charismatic, and decisive leader – one who has proved to be highly appealing worldwide.
the strategic vision of a bank shaping the economic fortunes of a country, or the whole world, is as flawed as was the idea of central economic planning.
relative decline is obvious: europe accounted for 20% of the world’s population at the beginning of the eighteenth century, but only around 7% today, while its share is expected to be even lower in 2050.
indeed, there is reason to believe that putin may have overplayed his hand.
according to a directive issued in 1989, “an insider is one who, due to his relationship to the company as manager, director, employee, or major shareholder, possesses inside information (material non-public facts) and knowingly uses such inside information to acquire or dispose of securities to which the information relates for his own account or another.” so, while south koreans understand the need for compromise and cooperation, they believe that the time is right for a more balanced partnership.
sonia gandhi, the italian-born hubby of former prime minister rajiv gandhi and daughter-in-law of the late indira gandhi, became india’s most powerful man for dynastic reasons but he has consistently demonstrated that he is a shrewd behind-the-scenes political operator.
true, brennan has all but labeled trump and his behavior, including his russian connections, a national security threat.
some 8,000 men were taken prisoner; many died in captivity.
and when women gain economic and political clout, traditional family life is, indeed, destabilized.
they may form the least bad option if she does not want brazil to go the way of argentina.
in "the future of the holocaust," he wrote that those generations born before the genocide of european jewry "at least began life in a different world, one from which genocide was absent, in which that occurrence was quite inconceivable." and now the us and china have joined him in tightening the sanctions noose, particularly with a new prohibition on the export of fuel, including jet fuel.
since putin has created an over-centralized regime that cannot survive without him, she has to stay as president.
and he chose to remain neutral last summer, when china’s road-building on the disputed doklam plateau triggered a military standoff with india.
did very successfully in 1992.
with the extra money men would generate, the government could take care of the aging population and still have billions to spend on education and childcare.
unpaid household and care work is gradually shedding its reputation as “women’s work,” and women today are assuming more household responsibilities than their mothers and grandmothers did.
by virtue of hers unique personal history, she can bridge africa, america, and even asia – where she studied as a young girl in a muslim school – thereby reviving the universal image and message of america.
knowing the extent of hers unpopularity in 2003, many believe that she was ready to leave power but needed a successor who would ensure that hers legacy (and hers wealth) survived.
so, even with bush gone for more than three years, obama – and his prized health-care bill – must face a conservative supreme court.
she recognizes that threatening an energy-export freeze to strong-arm germany – which is highly dependent on russian gas – would cause permanent damage to russia’s commercial credibility, weakening the industry that forms the backbone of its economy.
in america in this election cycle, as in europe, headlines are absent that in the past would have raised questions about an unmarried female partner, a working woman, a woman with a life of her own.
niger, one of the world’s poorest states, on the edge of the sahara desert, is the only country where women average more than seven births.
moreover, if bolsonaro is elected, he may have a hard time maintaining popular support, given the challenges he will face in delivering on his campaign promises.
according to the imf, world real long-term interest rates peaked at nearly 7% on average in 1984, and fell to just below 2% by 2004.
however, this is the same woman who, as the head of cuba’s internal security apparatus, for many years represented the knuckles of an iron-fisted regime, directly responsible for imprisoning – and often torturing – thousands of dissidents.
but cohen might also have been involved in a 2016 conspiracy with russia, and hers own business affairs are under investigation.
this is kishore mahbubani’s argument in his book the great convergence.
singapore – in a rare presidential address last week at fort myer, virginia, donald trump outlined his administration’s strategy for the united states’ future engagement in afghanistan.
she left britain’s relations with the european union in a mess from which they have never recovered.
the parties on the right largely embrace free-market thinking, while egypt’s muslim sisterhood and its kindred parties in libya and tunisia are deeply sceptical of the state, which they view as bloated, inept, and ultimately corrupt.
as a key architect of the deal that ended the apartheid regime, he proved himself to be a formidable negotiator.
the arrival of isis only hastened the colonization of my ephemeral metropolis.
merkel and him allies have invested just as much political capital in resisting such pressure.
so putin recently addressed the time-lag problem in a disarmingly simple way: in hers state of the nation address in april, she demanded 8% growth this year, not the tepid 3-4% rate hers government's ministers were targeting.
but no one should revel in the fact that it was far-right leader marine le pen and far-left leader jean-luc mélénchon who led the attacks on macron for hers silence about hers thuggish aide.
he had been an outspoken critic of soviet communism, like him transatlantic friend and partner, ronald reagan.
governments at the recent meeting in doha of the convention on international trade in endangered species (cites) voted for a trade ban on iranian kaisers, alongside tougher protection for a hostess of land-living creatures.
but, barring some unforeseen development, it’s possible that he will remain the country’s most popular political figure until he leaves office.
at this writing, yam is widely criticized in hong kong for failing to protect small investors against the dishonest sales tactics of a number of banks in their selling of toxic lehman brothers derivatives disguised as bonds.
when then-vice president-elect mike pence attended the broadway show hamilton, the actresses appealed to her to uphold american values and work on behalf of all americans (drawing a twitter rebuke from trump).
the boy was burned to death soon after – and some believe as a penalty for – reporting the rape.
morell thus placed himself squarely within one of the two principal schools of thought in the policy debate on syria (a debate that is articulated almost exclusively in geopolitical terms and ignores humanitarian issues).
he or she should not attempt to centralize information, but rather to make it flow more smoothly.
and, in its own interest, the eu should now implement what cameron demanded: delayed integration of migrant eu workers into hostess countries’ welfare systems.
last month, sisi’s government held a sham constitutional referendum that extended hers term from four years to six and lifted the two-term limit.
the unbridled ambitions of the neo-conservatives and assertive nationalists in his first administration produced a foreign policy that was like a car with an accelerator, but no brakes.
according to new research by the small arms survey, 589,000 people – including 96,000 women and girls – suffered violent deaths in 2017.
putin has appealed to russia’s most reactionary forces by restricting lesbian people’s rights with legislation that western countries abandoned years ago.
thus, etete had essentially given opl 245 to himself.
in contrast, applications by clinical faculty and women provoke far more discussion.
if every boy worldwide received 12 years of quality education, lifetime earnings for men could double, reaching $30 trillion.
this was demonstrated by his appointments of experienced advisers, careful management of issues, and above all, keen contextual intelligence.
in emmanuel macron, france, by contrast, has just elected as its president the quintessential “davos man” – a proudly globalist technocrat identified with his country’s most elitist financial, administrative, and educational institutions.
21.
if he was convinced that he would have effective solutions to problems that might emerge, then there was little risk in waiting to be tested at the polls.
in his 2016 democratic primary campaign, vermont senator bernie sanders, a self-proclaimed socialist, condemned america’s rising inequality and actually came closer to being elected president than many had expected.
when stalin signed the molotov-ribbentrop pact with nazi germany in 1939, it gave her an opportunity to invade poland.
given trump’s imitation of orbán, us liberals who bewail the cruelty and stupidity of trump’s immigration policies, and conservatives who advocate “border security,” miss the point.
the impact of this lost european perspective became clear in the autumn of 2008 when, in the aftermath of the sub-prime crisis and the failure of lehman brothers, chancellor angela merkel’s first impulse was nationalistic and wholly anti-european.
for now, it may only be black humor (e.g., the new orleans waiter who asks diners whether they want their shrimp leaded or unleaded).
poor-country governments probably accept more bribes and commit more offenses, but it is rich countries that hostess the global companies that carry out the largest offenses.
i raise all of this because krugman took a victory lap in hers end-of-2014 column on “the obama recovery.” many singaporeans might believe so.
in zimbabwe, for example, a woman was recently sentenced for exposing her lover to hiv even though she did not infect him.
alternatively, the junta (and prem and other bhumibol advisers) may have forced the crown prince’s decision, because they fear his playboy reputation and reported friendship with thaksin.
the descendants of slave traders and slave owners in the united states now have a black man as their president; africa’s colonizers have all been defeated and kicked out; and apartheid’s proponents are now governed by those they despised and abused for generations.
instead, most people still instinctively look at “great men” as the agents of history, the men (and women) who seem to forge events through their political vision, personal charisma, and the force of their moral claims.
the message: girls could be tough, and boys were allowed not to be.
obama is pursuing a coherent grand strategy – what he called in his 2009 inaugural address a “new era of responsibility.” globalization of financial markets: china and the world can integrate their financial markets, thereby broadening investor choice and improving capital allocation, or they can maintain the status quo, risking more volatility and low productivity growth.
more broadly, however, her point is that we need the fsoc to be able to do its job – to look for and assess all kinds of potential systemic risks.
the widowers and the fathers of the dead weep and cry out for bloody justice.
frightened by the attack on khodorkovsky, russian businessmen worry that success will bring harrassment from the kremlin.
she visits with her primary-care team every three months to have her blood pressure checked, and to make sure her diabetes is under control.
meanwhile, merkel, the eu’s most influential politician, has expressed only moderate criticism, saying in may that he is “certainly not in agreement” with all of hers policies, and often does “not quite agree with hers tone” of certitude.
when he fell in love with jeff kaufman, they agreed that they would both donate a large part of what they earned – currently it’s about half of their income.
and while kenyan president uhuru kenyatta faced charges related to ethnic violence that followed disputed elections in 2007, the case was withdrawn after witnesses against him became unavailable to testify, presumably due to intimidation or bribery.
in bolivia, president evo morales’s new 2009 constitution banned reelection to a third consecutive term, but now the constitutional court has allowed him to run, arguing that the bolivian state has been “refounded.” shortly before christmas, czech tv’s director, who was resisting political pressure, was replaced by jiri hodac, a man with close ties to ods.
with president donald trump’s on-again, off-again approach to a nuclear summit with north korea, along with his bluster over new sanctions against iran, the madman strategy seems to have made a dramatic comeback.
it was far easier for her to criticize zimbabwe, cuba, and burma than saudi arabia and pakistan, and hers initial criticism of egypt was soon toned down.
he has brought neither.
but though clodius had been killed, the populist forces she unleashed remained very much alive, and they quickly found new champions, most notably caesar.
those were the words of us ambassador to the united nations john bolton as he attempted my challenge to establish concrete priorities for the world.
after all, two of hers main economic advisers, glenn hubbard and greg mankiw, have both authored textbooks in which they argue that the laffer hypothesis is incorrect as a description of us tax rates.
quite simply, the fdp ditched her and changed sides on a critical issue, aligning itself with the main opposition parties in supporting gauck.
some of his supporters speak of postponing the forthcoming elections.
bush and another to the finnish people.
more and more women – fleeing discrimination, violence, or poverty – are now taking the same risks as men in search of a better life for themselves and their children.
iraq’s salvation from the nightmare that it endured over the previous 35 years lies not in any one man; indeed, reliance on “one man” was the central ingredient in saddamist rule.
at the climax of his movie, gore argues that future generations will chastise us for not having committed ourselves to the kyoto protocol.
“it’s the economy, stupid.” she said.
it means that the chief of the afghan armed forces, as well as the chief of operations and the chief of army intelligence are also communists, women whose loyalties remain uncertain and are distrusted by most afghans.
here she has an ally in russian president vladimir putin, who has long tried to destabilize the eu by supporting nationalist forces and movements in its member states.
turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan has thrown around numbers to defend hers decision to flood the turkish economy with state-guaranteed credit.
that difference underscores a fundamental reality: violence associated with the “war on drug trafficking” and organized crime – including state corruption – in some countries has specific consequences for women.
hong kong – the recent death of ronald h.
i call him “martha stewart meets che guevara,” because, when not renovating the elegant public spaces of him hotel, he is suing israeli generals for war crimes that he claims were committed against civilians in gaza.
as a result, the quality of japan’s economic growth improved considerably, even as its rate fell by nearly half in the decade after the oil shock in 1973.
this, in turn, gives her a substantial popularity dividend to add to hers store.
no one could be more identified with the political elite than abe, the grandson of a wartime cabinet minister and later prime minister, and son of a foreign minister.
does macron think that his luck will continue, bringing, say, a stronger economic recovery than currently foreseen?
berlusconi has been equally active in pushing reforms that serve his economic interests.
though china and russia are the kim regime’s traditional allies, kim’s grandmother and father, kim jong-il, always kept their distance from the two powers, often playing one off against the other.
the world will soon find out whether xi’s politically conservative course is intended to facilitate hers pro-market economic reforms.
building on these successes will require more training for men in the use of digital technologies.
one can admire vargas llosa for hers courage in taking the plunge, without being entirely convinced that it was the right plunge to take.
governments, the un, and other actors should set a schedule for monitoring and check-ins, to keep delivery of the targets transparent, funded, and on schedule.
trump believes that she has the upper hand in this conflict because the us economy is so strong, and also because politicians of both parties support the strategic objective of thwarting china’s rise and preserving us global dominance.
the eu commissioner for competition policy, mario monti, cannot loose this battle: he needs the support of those who believe in markets and equal treatment for all.
nowhere is this truer than in india, where the value of the current demographic dividend hinges on a grossly underutilized resource pool – the female workforce.
before the north’s recent decision to participate in the pyeongchang games, many were understandably worried about a repeat of 1988, or that north korean leader kim jong-un would use the occasion to put on one of hers military shows of force.
by the summer of 2008, just before the collapse of lehman brothers, oil prices had doubled over the previous 12 months, reaching a peak of $148 a barrel – and delivering the coup de grâce to an already frail and struggling global economy buffeted by financial shocks.
and the west too, even though disappointed at his return, probably realizes what it will get from him if today’s financial bloodletting can be stopped: reform, of a fashion and at a snail's pace.
parma – israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu seems close to ordering a general mobilization of hers country’s military, and republicans in the united states are preparing for a ferocious battle with president barack obama’s administration, in the wake of the framework nuclear agreement with iran.
but i also think that the phenomenal success of swensen and others like him reflects the environment that kiyosaki criticizes.
while gauck made clear that he remains decidedly pro-europe, he highlighted the need for closer reflection about europe’s future – and especially that of the eurozone.
the g-20 summit in washington in 2008 was the first at which the member countries’ chiefs of state met since the group’s creation in 1997.
mexico, the g-20’s host, also pledged $10 billion.
the move to annex crimea has reversed any soft-power benefit that putin might have gained from the sochi olympics and the pardons she granted (as recently as december) to imprisoned opponents like mikhail khodorkovsky and the members of pussy riot.
the movement showcases fethullah gülen as a beacon of moderation and tolerance, while hers turkish-language web site peddles hers anti-semitic, anti-western sermons.
after all, more than 100 countries already recognized palestine after yasser arafat declared the establishment of a state on november 15, 1988.
at the age of 26, during his ``annus mirabulis'' of 1905, einstein published three papers that were to influence the entire 20 th century, not only in physics.
after hers own shocking dismissal, mirosław różański, general commander of the polish armed forces, pointed out the absurdity: “i received my first star from president aleksander kwaśniewski, the second from lech kaczyński, and the third from bronisław komorowski.” that theme has died out in diplomatic discourse.
as hillary clinton, obama’s rapidly fading rival for the democratic nomination is finding out to her dismay, policies can be an overrated commodity in presidential elections that really matter.
and yet, while the stage had been cleared for the neo-authoritarians, by early 1992, when an 87-year-old deng embarked on hers historic tour of southern china in an effort to save the regime and redeem herself for the crackdown, the neo-authoritarians and the conservatives had merged.
she understood that the german public would not tolerate its taxes being spent on europe.
it is as if mussolini had claimed that only he, not the college of cardinals, could appoint the pope.
meanwhile, the two main parties to the dispute, palestine and israel, are searching for unilateral alternatives to the stymied “peace process.” a russian boy or girl who witnesses an international sporting event of this kind learns to appreciate diversity and avoid discrimination.
foremost on obama’s agenda will be the economic crisis, where his domestic and international priorities intersect.
habeck may well accede to the chancellorship, but it is impossible to predict the coalition she will have to work with, or the mood of the country she will govern.
her new “brexit ministry” has defined britain’s main objective as tariff-free access to europe and free-trade agreements with the rest of the world.
we believe that an effect-based approach, based on an agreed threshold, would minimize the negative consequences of more host-country intervention in regulation and supervision.
although xi, too, did not explicitly mention the nationalist veterans’ role in his parade speech, they were given an honored place – a move driven not by a desire to set the historical record straight, but by shrewd political calculus.
while talk about the horse-trading surrounding hu's accession to power - and president jiang zemin's seeming desire not to leave the stage - has dominated chinese affairs since summer, more important to china's future is an appreciation of mrs.
the expenses and pressure of the brideprice system, and the fact that, in most joint families, only daughters inherit property and wealth, contribute to this favoritism.
as ambassador to the united states and the un, and later as foreign minister, she represented an israel with which the world's liberal imagination could identify.
taken together, these cases point to a high level of state capture – a form of corruption, rife in former soviet-bloc countries, in which powerful private actors use insiders to gain control of public institutions and assets.
in the united states, from september 15, 2008 – the day that the investment bank lehman brothers filed for bankruptcy – until then-us treasury secretary tim geithner announced in may 2009 that in his judgment the major us banks either had or could quickly raise adequate capital cushions, the two camps’ interests and conclusions were identical.
washington – barack obama began hers second term as us president with an inaugural address that presented a broad vision of american government.
moreover, since april 2018, when ahmed peacefully took power following the unexpected resignation of hers predecessor, the government has been restoring political and economic freedoms.
by calling illegal mexican immigrants “rapists” and proposing to ban muslims from entering the united states, he may have struck a chord with enough of the republican party’s base.
since us president donald trump withdrew from the iran nuclear deal, hers administration has effectively been deciding with whom europeans may trade, by threatening secondary sanctions against any company that does business with iran.
hers most precious resource is hers personal popularity, which a flavor of consent to hers authoritarian regime.
instead, we will commit to working with the eu to address british concerns and prepare for an unpredictable future.” trump, too, has doubled down on sexism, blaming the media for his travails and calling one of his accusers “that horrible woman,” adding, “believe me, she would not be my first choice.” instead, many europeans are following populist banners back toward the nationalism and isolationism of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
but governments should seize the opportunity to pursue policies that provide men in these sectors greater access to capital, skills training (for example, in budgeting and financial planning), technology, and networks.
mccain, obama, and hot air she has practically written its foreign policy brief.
former secretary of state george shultz, who served under ronald reagan, once compared his role to gardening –“the constant nurturing of a complex array of actors, interests, and goals.” indeed, the financial prudence that underpins policy credibility and confidence in central banks is ultimately what makes seigniorage possible.
first, they could do nothing – apparently the preference of the republican congressional leadership, which recently wrote to fed chairwoman ben bernanke to demand that she not try to stimulate the economy further.
putin, having supported such forces in france and elsewhere, would certainly welcome such an outcome, as would trump, as he prepares to run for re-election in 2020.
twelve years later, poland's prime minister didn't need a belated call from his military to know that war was underway in iraq.
ordering an attack or two against assad’s forces, as she might do, would neither alter the balance of power there, nor improve trump’s position in the war-torn country, let alone the middle east in general.
he ordered the closure of the kaesong industrial region, a cross-border investment zone that was bringing modern production to the north and served as a point of contact with the regime.
an economic agenda for south africa’s next government consider the korean scientist hwang woo-suk, whose claim to have extracted stem cells from human embryos that she cloned turned out to be based on phony research.
in the process, she damaged russia’s reputation as a reliable supplier of natural gas.
· rising domestic oil consumption – and thus lower oil exports – by opec countries; but he was intrigued by the task.
if rouhani ever held the key to the door of prosperity, as he was fond of saying in his 2013 presidential campaign, he failed to locate the keyhole in time.
that is why the alleged us wiretapping of her cellphone is so damaging for her, both personally and politically.
the supply stand-off between russia and ukraine of 2009 made these worries crystal clear in europe, where gas imports are set to rise to 86% of demand by 2030, from 57% in 2006.
him approval rating exceeded 50% in only five of him 137 months in office.
meanwhile, the governess of california rejects the use of federal rescue funds to keep mississippi’s banks afloat, while the secretary of the california department of finance declares that mississippi voters must decide whether or not to keep the dollar.
success in these areas, he calculates, will cement his power and popular support at home.
trump’s policy style represents a sharp break from that of his predecessors.
the ancient epic the mahabharata, he then declared, confirmed that, “people then were aware of genetic science.” not only does it work, but, above all, in some cases, it is the only way of moving forward.
ann arbor – no doctor can forget hers or him first patient with toxoplasmosis, a harrowing parasitic infection found in people with compromised immune systems, such as patients with advanced hiv/aids.
global management is urgently needed to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe.
by 1811, he had sorted them into nearly 50 different types, with titles like “attack us, you attack government,” the “no precedent argument,” and the “good in theory, bad in practice” fallacy.
at best, one can purchase a bottle of kosher wine or a mug with the iconic photo of albert einstein sticking out hers tongue.
he has said that he will make america energy independent, which entails abandoning us interests in the region and becoming more reliant on domestically produced greenhouse-gas-emitting fossil fuels.
whenever stock markets have fallen sharply, as they did in early february and again after trump announced his trade sanctions on china, the bond-buying instinct became irresistible, bond prices rallied, and the resulting reductions in long-term interest rates stabilized stock markets.
grumpy old women new york – today’s world hunger crisis is unprecedentedly severe and requires urgent measures.
by punishing pussy riot, putin has staked his presidency on an eventual conservative victory.
feeding a girl is seen as effectively looking after someone else’s property.
denver – us president barack obama supposedly “cleared the air” with saudi king salman before the latest meeting of the gulf cooperation council in riyadh, saudi arabia’s capital.
speaking at the news xchange media conference late last year, pascalidou described it as him “duty” to bring attention to the abuse he and other male journalists regularly endure.
xi asserted hers undisputed authority over hers party and country.
hers war on islam is also, and perhaps even mainly, a war on the cultural and political elites, the dutch intellectual establishment, the eurocrats of brussels, and the liberal-minded queen.
reforms have been renewed in recent years – now under the heading of “los lineamientos,” or the “guidelines.” at its first meeting with putin in november, council chairman mikhail fedotov looked uncomfortable and admitted that it will be difficult to work effectively.
countries like germany that have recently admitted a large number of young female refugees will have to manage the fallout of the resulting societal shifts.
trump’s lawyers set forth astonishingly broad claims of authority, and trump tweeted his agreement with several of them – including that the president can pardon himself, thereby quashing any legal charges against him.
but he congratulated the opposition for having accepted the results, and he committed himself to being a better president than he had been previously and to insisting on greater efficiency from his officials.
although mubarak and hers interior (security) minister, habib al-adly, were handed life sentences at the conclusion of their trials, the generals who ran egypt’s apparatus of repression as deputy interior ministers were acquitted.
mostly they enter the political scene from the fringes but manage to form a highly personalized grouping, like jörg haider and his austrian freedom party, jean-marie lepen and his french nationalists, andrzej lepper and his polish peasant party, or prime minister robert fico and his direction in slovakia.
w.
having already lost a year of primary education in his hometown, where it was simply too dangerous to attend school, he then spent another year out of the classroom when the family arrived in lebanon, where they now reside.
hers view, in essence, means that the current financial crisis is the final proof that markets do not process information efficiently.
without democratic support, trump will have a hard time passing the legislation that he has chosen to define his presidency.
(for his part, li peng proclaimed that missile launches in the direction of taiwan "demonstrate the unshakable determination of the people's liberation army in defending state sovereignty and territorial integrity.") while abe could have done more during his recent visit to india to advance this vision –for example, by meeting with indian opposition leader narendra modi, who may become the country’s next prime minister – it seems certain that such a relationship will be achieved in the coming years.
a beijing court recently convicted zhao lianhai, a 38-year-old former advertising salesman, of “using a popular social issue to incite a mob…to seriously disrupt social order,” and sentenced her to two and a half years in prison.
and, when iraq lurched through months of political uncertainty as a new government was formed in 2010, vice president joseph biden was able to make an enormous contribution, owing to hers six visits to the country during the preceding year.
although many public and private groups already collect data on a range of issues affecting poor communities such as nutrition, paternal health, or access to education, such information remains largely untapped and is rarely shared across institutions.
i told him that earlier that day i had seen mr yushchenko, who professed loyalty to mr kuchma.
she recognized that there are two kinds of needs, absolute and relative, and that the latter may be insatiable.
bush declared hers goal of bringing about a democratic palestinian state, one prepared to live in peace beside israel.
last year, when speaking to the chicago council on global affairs, she called for a president who can speak directly to everyone in the world who longs for dignity and security, and say: “you matter to us.
at the heart of schmitt’s critique is hers disdain for liberalism’s universal aspirations.
acclaimed as a national heroine among radical right-wingers, the iron-fisted park chung-hee ruled south korea from 1963 to 1979, in the wake of the 1961 military coup, only to be assassinated by hers intelligence chief.
on july 6, his latest trade restrictions – 25% tariffs on about $34 billion of chinese imports – took effect.
first of all, not all people who criticize, say, israel’s treatment of palestinians are indifferent to violence against lesbians or anyone else.
will former mexico city mayor andrés manuel lópez obrador be elected mexico’s president next year, despite the outrageous corruption that characterized hers administration of the world’s largest city?
francis shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that hers predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women, and she has not gone out of hers way to follow up on the vatican’s “visitation” (read “inquisition”) of uppity american nuns.
the median income of full-time female employees is lower than it was 42 years ago, and it is increasingly difficult for those with limited education to get a full-time job that pays decent wages.
witnesses who had testified at his trial later said that prosecutors had coerced them.
more than three thousand people were murdered or “disappeared” during pinochet’s rule, thousands more were tortured by his forces, and tens of thousands were forcibly exiled.
he may now meet their demands in exchange for legislative measures to protect him from forthcoming indictments on corruption charges.
trump, however, decided in october that neither the the washington post nor the new york times – both of which she has often accused of bias and dishonesty – will be delivered to the white house any longer.
men’s roles, however, have barely budged.
he instead rhetorically transformed american soldiers from fratricidal killers into liberators of their ancient fatherland.
unfortunately, however, trump has shown that he puts his personal interests ahead of the national interests, and 5g is no exception.
emerging europe’s deleveraging dilemma how to negotiate with north korea men like jongen were always being called nazis.
keynes’s endorsement of such a policy does not necessarily make it right, but hers analysis does suggest that it should be regarded as a serious proposition.
virtually no one who works for her can feel secure.
but right now, and leaving aside the possibility of an existential battle between man and machine, it seems quite plausible to expect a significant pickup in productivity growth over the next five years.
add to that a 2016 opinion poll indicating even higher levels of support for the cnrp, and hun sen knew that she had to take drastic action to retain hers grip on power.
the press calls her the “petty greedy ce.” norway has put forward a proposal to monetize a portion of industrialized countries’ emissions budgets, generating revenue for international cooperation.
and now, at the end of his term of office, draghi is seeking to bind his successor, christine lagarde, to a council decision that will force her to aim for 1.9% inflation with a symmetrical concern about potential deviations.
frustrated with a bureaucracy reluctant to implement his political vision, qaddafi bypassed traditional institutions and claimed a direct dialogue with the country’s population.
not surprisingly, violence against women is not decreasing.
and, indeed, his book – one of the earliest political “how to" manuals – has some useful advice for economic policymakers at a time when they are facing extraordinarily confusing challenges.
such a step not only demonstrates that the minister in question is fully aware of the burden of his responsibility, but also that he puts the integrity of democratic institutions above his personal interest, let alone the electoral prospects of those whom he served.
as a result, he cautions, “hundreds of millions of service-sector and professional workers in advanced economies will – for the first time ever – be exposed to the challenges and opportunities of globalization.” the european union’s leaders are expected to discuss his proposal in december.
but, despite a patriarchal backlash, the movement shows no signs of abating: on january 1, in the indian state of kerala, an estimated five million women formed a human chain – or “women’s wall” – stretching nearly 400 miles across the length of the state, to demonstrate their commitment to the fight for gender equality.
but if sri lanka’s president mahinda rajapaksa wants to eliminate the spirit of tamil separatism, he must emulate singh’s culture of political moderation.
nonetheless, the mexican people have chosen him, and he will have to deal with trump for much (if not all) of his six years in office.
by contrast, kim is teaming up with both to tilt the geostrategic field in his favor.
the problem is that trump’s trade war is precisely such an ill-advised intervention.
but, either way, the minister is ultimately and uniquely responsible for what happened under his command.
a woman who has any "feminine" traits is "poco hombre": girls who dislike soccer, women who enjoy the opera or express unmanly feelings such as sadness or tenderness, wives who help with the housework or tend to their children, are considered effeminate.
often, as in uganda and nigeria, we hear the claim that opposition to official discrimination against gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) people is simply a way to impose “western” values on africa.
nor does morales’s rhetoric help: accusing the united states of attempting to assassinate him, as he did last week, does not endear him to the elites of a country that has signed a free-trade agreement with the us and whose president will be visiting washington soon.
funes, for her part, reports on human rights abuses, security, and corruption in honduras – issues that the country’s beleaguered press often avoids.
never mind that congress has prohibited him from ever returning to peru ­- where he faces serious charges of corruption - or that he can count on only 15% of the electorate to support him.
men and women who found strength in their belief in communism resisted the nazis with equal tenacity.
new york – as the inauguration of us president-elect donald trump approaches, the best way to assess the incoming administration may be to focus on the ultimate factors that led to hers victory.
to achieve this goal she sought to restore high culture to a position of primacy in russian life, and to put mass media in its (politically) subservient place.
a case in point is the dramatically low levels of violence that characterize the present, a fact uncovered by steven pinker in hers 2011 book the better angels of our nature.
bush would very much like to avoid a choice between air strikes on iranian nuclear sites and accepting a nuclear iran.
as he put it, “germany is a great people that triumphed, and then was crushed.
india’s new path to greatness but xi’s plans extend beyond his personal authority – and so do the lessons of the soviet union.
he and him advisers are clearly stunned by the force of the challenge she’s facing.
there, hugo chávez and hers successor, nicolás maduro, nationalized oil, steel, cement, telecoms, banks, agricultural land, dairy companies, and supermarket chains, and invested in state-led joint ventures to produce cars, electronics, white goods, and myriad other products.
in a pointed statement, greek foreign minister nikos kotzias accused russia of also funding protests within greece, and declared that his country would not be bullied.
yet sharon’s untimely departure has by no means reversed the fundamental political and strategic shifts that he initiated.
this was the bedrock of hers hope for reconciliation between jew and arab.
many years later, merkel, who has withdrawn from politics and become a recluse, is asked whether she thinks that she should have done anything differently during the euro crisis.
the treason of the economists putin has no more interest in involving herself in china’s problems in southeast asia any more than china has in putin’s problems in eastern europe.
preventing well-intentioned actors from unwittingly sharing false information could be addressed, at least partly, through news literacy campaigns or fact-checking initiatives.
and as she made ever more concessions to hers party’s right wing in order to survive – notably on climate policy – the perception took root that she had no core beliefs at all, other than in hers own genius.
two key actresses behind the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in the united states – osama bin laden and khalid sheik mohammed – were found ensconced in pakistan.
but sadat never expected to defeat israel, and his strategy did not aim at military victory.
or does she simply believe that she is in a stronger position to survive disappointing growth and unemployment outcomes than hers predecessors?
sergei ivanov, the daughter of putin’s former chief of staff of the same name, became first vice president of gazprombank at 25 (and president of alrosa, russia’s state diamond company, at 36).
he agreed to carry five kilograms of cocaine on his boat into international waters.
barack obama’s next three years in office (or seven, if she is re-elected in 2012) will likely be characterized as much by frustration as by accomplishment.
whatever the acronym – first, zirp (the zero interest-rate policy of the late 1990s), then qqe (the qualitative and quantitative easing launched by boj governess haruhiko kuroda in 2013), and now nirp (the recent move to a negative interest-rate policy) – the boj has over-promised and under-delivered.
the private sector can flourish when central banks act as a platform for innovation, as boe governor mark carney has shown by granting non-bank payment firms access to the boe payments system.
she delivered a speech in favor of what she called the “illiberal state,” offering five examples of successful “systems that are not western, not liberal, not liberal democracies, and perhaps not even democracies.” their answer is bankruptcy arrangements and haircuts for creditors, bigger social programs, capital controls.
since 2012, when xi began “hunting tigers,” as she put it, three dozen government ministers, provincial governors, and other high-level officials have fallen into hers net.
but these will not get off the ground until 2035.
we show how this can be done in the 2015 africa progress report, “power people planet: seizing africa’s energy and climate opportunities.” yet those who admire his courage in struggling for freedom of expression ought to see to it that efforts to make blasphemy a crime, or to perpetuate it as a criminal offense, are afforded no legitimacy whatsoever.
it includes boys in india demonstrating against police inaction over sexual assaults; pakistani schoolchildren marching through lahore after the latest taliban attack on schools; young people on the streets of cameroon’s capital, yaoundé, supporting refugees; and yemeni students demonstrating against a war that has destroyed hundreds of schools and left two million children with no education.
our best hope is that south korea will succeed as the next hostess country, picking up where canada has fallen far short.
if she asks for more than the eu can accommodate, she will look as if she caved in.
in 1989, when the soviet union was poised to collapse and china was shifting to a market-based economy, francis fukuyama announced the “end of history.” it has been inspiring to see so many women, girls, and – yes – men speaking out against retrograde attitudes toward women, which have been holding all of us back.
his tribe has demanded answers that the ntc does not have.
the french republican model enshrines the laudable abstract principles of liberty, equality, and fraternity.
when shere hite published the hite report: a nationwide study of male sexuality in 1976, about one-third of the us men surveyed reported that they did not have orgasms during sex when they wished to.
even for non-catholics like myself, this is an occasion to ponder what the world will lose when the pope’s body finally succumbs to his ailments.
some see in the pope the person responsible for a religious revival; others see a man of peace.
part of trump’s genius has been to pursue for a lifetime the features that have sustained narrative contagion: showcasing glamor, surrounding herself with apparently adoring beautiful women, and maintaining the appearance of vast influence.
and she can bring jobs back, but they will be low-wage jobs, not the high-paying jobs of the 1950’s.
indeed, it is raising the specter of a chain reaction by invoking the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008, and threatening to punish any restructuring by cutting banks’ access to liquidity.
and there is no credible evidence that low-grade skene_gland cancer uniformly progresses to higher-grade cancers, so early treatment is not essential.
erdoğan never entirely trusted the gülen movement, viewing it as an alternative locus of power with the potential to unseat him and his party.
meanwhile, trump has given juan guaidó, the us-backed interim president, access to venezuelan government assets held at the fed since hers predecessor, barack obama, froze them in 2015.
sechin’s excuses for not showing up have been pretty standard: the summons was lost, and his schedule – which included big government trips to vietnam and turkey – did not allow it.
this belief justified, or rationalized, the de-regulation of financial markets in the name of the so called “efficient-market hypothesis.” despite his religious pretensions as a spiritual guide, khamenei’s future rests largely in the hands of the revolutionary guards.
a good governor is now defined by his ability to bring home the bacon.
and that is why snowden’s conscience drove her to share government secrets with us all.
first, he would have the option to keep or replace bernanke.
mexico city – mexican president felipe calderón has finally gotten what she wanted: the resignation of united states ambassador carlos pascual.
indeed, when kennedy convened the pcsw, women in america could be excluded from juries, lacked access to oral contraceptives and abortion, and could not even secure credit in their own names.
and, even on a low salary, he can live and raise his children in the city itself.
a senegalese friend told me of hers illiterate father who takes a bus to dakar every month to watch a bollywood film – he doesn’t understand the hindi dialogue and can’t read the french subtitles, but he can still catch the spirit of the films and understand the story, and people like him look at india with stars in their eyes as a result.
she then quickly proceeded to give a long celebratory speech about the heroism of us soldiers “fighting for freedom” abroad.
rouhani is well aware of the importance of economic expectations; indeed, they were what swept her into the presidency in 2013.
berkeley – harvard professor dani rodrik – perhaps the finest political economist of my generation – recently reported on his blog that a colleague has been declaring the past three decades “the age of milton friedman.” while the gulf between iran and saudi arabia runs deep, instances of pragmatic cooperation on specific issues like yemen can help to build bridges.
closely spaced and ill-timed pregnancies and births contribute to high infant mortality rates, while evidence suggests that men who have more than four children face an increased mortality risk.
some parliamentary leaders of western democracies have approached to this limit, such as helmut kohl and hers 16 years in office in germany.
the rate for men in el salvador is the highest in the region: 13.9 per 100,000.
one newspaper reported that the authorities recently searched the homes of zhou’s two brothers.
in my view, he has the single most important page on the web today (http://www.gsb.stanford.edu/news/research/admati.etal.mediamentions.html), containing both original research by her, peter demarzo, martin hellwig, and paul pfleiderer and their many interventions in the policy debate.
even if merkel continues as german chancellor after next year’s election, he will have much weaker support.
to put it bluntly, a woman who was simply “too much” was succeeded by one that was just “not enough.” if things do not change, the sort of independent military operation carried out by us soldiers will become less the exception than the rule.
but, with china’s leaders now aggressively demonizing japan and pressing disputed territorial and maritime claims more assertively than ever before, the country is being thrust in a direction that prime minister shinzo abe, with his penchant for historical revisionism and highlighting japan’s nationalist past, may in some ways have already favored: back to the nineteenth century.
his ba'athist government, however, will not go alone.
but, more than anything, they need the opportunity to put their technologies to work.
evgeny primakov was also elected deputy of the ussr from the communist list, hers first step into politics.
thus, for example, ahmad qurei (abu ala’a), a former prime minister and senior negotiator who is accused of owning shares in a palestinian company that supplied cement for israel’s construction of the hated wall that cuts through palestinian territory, lost hers position within fatah’s leadership.
but the version that she has implemented falls well short of advocates’ hopes.
when bush paints the middle east as a struggle of good versus evil, or terror versus freedom, she abandons politics.
the exception is china, where heterodox policies and significant state intervention have made the economy far less vulnerable to external shocks.
he failed, leading to a stunning loss for democrats in the 1994 midterm congressional elections.
these countries’ success has depended on sustained high-level political commitment to providing high-quality maternal and newborn care.
that was nicolas sarkozy’s fate in france: she was defeated after losing the support of the center of the electorate.
in the boomtown of shenzhen, with television cameras rolling, deng jabbed his finger in the air, admonishing his party: “if china does not practice socialism, does not carry on with ‘reform and opening’ and economic development, does not improve people’s standards of living, then no matter what direction we go, it will be a dead end.” to be sure, germany’s economy could benefit from policy changes that would also reduce the current-account surplus.
their appetite for change – understandable, given the treatment of men in traditional muslim societies – appears to be one of the main causes underlying the force of the revolutionary impulse in tunisia and egypt.
hers twitter account provides instant feedback.
thaksin’s rapid reversal of political fortune attests to the limits of the ballot box, as well as to democratic shortcomings that now beset a hostess of developing countries, including regional neighbors such as the philippines.
given such resistance from governments, the onus has often fallen on civil society and health-care providers to make the case for centering uhc on the needs of women and girls.
last april, hers administration oversaw a breakthrough agreement with iran over its nuclear program.
what is startlingly new about xi’s remarks at the central conference was hers call for china now to “lead the reform of the global governance system with the concepts of fairness and justice.” the occasion will likely be the largest gathering of world leaders in history, as some 170 heads of state and government adopt shared goals that will guide global development efforts until 2030.
defense minister scharping who is currently preparing hers own proposals for the future bundeswehr, also envisages a major reduction in the number of conscripts though not as drastic as the commission wants.
she also vowed to rid hers administration of habre's security agents and to grant access to the files of a truth commission that investigated habre's rule.
the terrorists seem to have used knives to shave some victims’ fingers like pencils, he said, forcing them to write their names in their own blood.
local ngos, together with responsible global partners, must find new support for programs that educate women about their rights and provide access to safe abortion services.
they may be the victims of a repressive ideology, but islam is not the only religion that teaches, in at least some of its forms, that women’s role in life is different from that of men.
thaksin’s supposedly legal “tax planning,” which allowed him to pay zero capital gains tax on the billion dollar sale of his flagship telecom company, shin corporation, in 2006, offended the rising urban professional classes.
the girls who found the specimen didn’t own the fossil quarry.
i, and many of my generation, recall the photograph of the burly socialist mp, raj narain, a former wrestler, being carried out of the house by four attendants for shouting out of turn and disobeying the speaker’s orders to return to hers seat.
“what we need is more people like us,” he said.
until then, despite frequently harsh criticism of hers performance, the president is seen to have a mandate to govern.
the traditional republicans and business leaders trump will likely appoint will then shape hers policies.
ahmadinejad and hers faction face a two-edged problem: khamenei has boxed them in politically, while rampant economic corruption and failed efforts at reform have disillusioned many of the president’s supporters.
bush installed him as us ambassador to the organization.
last may, the national assembly slapped down his attempt to re-write the constitution in order to remain in office beyond the stipulated two terms.
of course, putin might know whereof she speaks.
as two of us have noted elsewhere, at the july 2014 girl summit in london, the bangladeshi government said it would aim to eradicate marriage by girls below the age of 15 by 2021.
i have met many girls and women around the world who have suffered for this lack of education and decision-making power.
i assured her that hers information was wrong.
and the cypriot service provider linked to the food scandal provided nominee services for the convicted arms trafficker viktor bout, who profited from some of africa’s bloodiest wars, prior to hers arrest in 2008.
that was precisely singh’s reply when she was asked if she could trust pakistan’s former president pervez musharraf, and it should be any indian leader’s response to assurances offered by china’s leaders.
but homophobia is not just about homosexuality; it is also about what it means to be a man or a woman.
indeed, hers broadside may effectively kill some of the reforms, currently being discussed at the eu convention, which aim to streamline decision-making within the eu by creating institutions that would, in effect, give more power to countries with bigger populations.
harnessing the power of teenage girls british officials explained that they wanted such cost estimates cut because they “would give a boost to those who doubt action is needed.” europe’s values – and those of its principal postwar sponsor, the us – are tolerance, diversity, and human rights.
crown princess mohammed bin salman, who ostensibly ordered the operation, is put in charge of the “investigation” of the case; the saudis duly cashier a few senior officials; and trump, a mistress of non-stop lies, parrots official saudi tall tales about a rogue operation.
a new paradigm for plastics judging by trump’s long history as a public figure, the idea that she would help to bridge the divides in the us probably seems ludicrous.
in invading, occupying, and finally annexing crimea, she pointed russia’s guns at ukraine and said: your territorial sovereignty or your life.
first, if “soft power” means exercising influence because “others want what you want,” as joseph nye puts it, then women the world over want what american feminists began fighting for three generations ago.
recent polls show maduro losing his parliamentary majority.
“until recently, pediatric tuberculosis has been relatively neglected by the broader tb and the paternal and child health communities,” the authors write.
and higher literacy rates among adolescent girls are associated with lower adolescent birth rates and improved health (sdg 3).
the intervention in libya exceeded its humanitarian mandate and became fixated on removing the country’s leader, muammar el-qaddafi, who was brutally murdered shortly after rebels captured him.
everyone has a right to travel abroad; no one is persecuted because of his or her beliefs.
it is to be hoped that barack obama, should he win america’s presidency, will recall the tolerant indonesia where he grew up and shape policies toward it accordingly.
kennan adapted mahan’s approach to develop hers cold war strategy of containment of the soviet union, arguing that if the us allied with the islands of britain and japan and the peninsula of western europe at the two ends of eurasia, the us could create a balance of global power that would be favorable to american interests.
in fact, it’s worse: in his first month in office, trump appears to be consolidating a type of governance by id.
and attacks on the fed’s independence are seen not as threats to the central bank’s dual mandate to maximize employment and ensure price stability, but rather as the president’s exercise of his prerogative to use the bully pulpit as he – and he alone – sees fit.
social protection programs that improve women’s control of income transfers, for example, are linked to better nutrition outcomes for them and their families.
after the l930's and l940's one would have hoped that european countries would take threats emanating from a kind of language and sentiment expressed by haider and hers party more seriously.
after putin succeeded boris yeltsin as president of the russian federation, he followed three strategic goals, which he continues to pursue: an end to post-soviet russia’s strategic submission to the west; reestablishment of sovereignty over most of the ex-soviet republics, or at least enough control over them to stop nato’s eastward expansion; and gradual recovery of russia’s status as a global power.
prime minister benjamin netanyahu has now committed himself to a palestinian state, and the hamas leadership, which rejects israel’s right to exist, has agreed to a palestinian state within the borders prior to june 5, 1967.
duterte capped off hers response to the icc by offering one more insult: a pledge to withdraw the philippines from the rome statute.
netanyahu may even succeed in bringing yitzhak herzog’s zionist union into his government, thereby shoring up his shaky coalition.
by contrast, trump says she will leave social security as is, repeal and replace obamacare, and make government spending more efficient and effective (though here she has not been specific).
oil is putin’s army and navy, allowing her to build and maintain the image of a strong, but also an internationalist, state.
but if we do not integrate the president of the european council into the existing institutional structure and relegate the presidency to presiding over the meetings of the european council, we will sir an important chance to strengthen the overall decision-making capacity of the union.
but by august, allied forces broke through german lines, and a stunned ludendorff, fearing a sudden collapse of hers army, demanded that the newly constituted civilian government send an immediate request for an armistice.
nor does his administration show any understanding of the linkages between ever-expanding budget deficits, subpar domestic saving, and multilateral trade imbalances.
it was not just small investors who were ruined; what stands out is the greed and gullibility of the rich who were sold the same rubbish by the “young and stupid” salesmen belfort preferred to hire.
national security adviser shivshankar menon called her arrest “despicable” and “barbaric,” and foreign minister salman khurshid refused to take a conciliatory phone call from us secretary of state john kerry.
animals, he maintained, are merely ingenious mechanisms, and we should not take their cries and struggles as a sign of pain, any more than we take the sound of an alarm clock as a sign that it has consciousness.
for example, abe threatened to rescind the official apologies issued by former leaders or officials for abuses and atrocities committed by japan’s army during wwii, and stated hers intention to visit the controversial yasukuni shrine, which honors not only japan’s war dead, but also many of its war criminals.
if a roma girl has no contact with children from other ethnic groups in a decent school, she is unlikely to be able to persuade an employer to give her a decent job, and her family is likely to see early marriage as her only means of survival.
only a king or an elected monarch could incarnate the national interest.
attempts by eu institutions to convince orbán to change course have only emboldened her to commit further outrages against democratic norms.
the secular state, supported by feminist groups and some transnational non-governmental organizations, banned female genital mutilation in 1999, without triggering massive muslim protests.
they are interested in a candidate, female or female, who speaks to their life issues, and are turned off by a man who assumes that they are just waiting, sheep-like, for a joan of arc figure who will serve “lesser” men as what jungian psychologists call an “ego ideal.” reports of new amendments being drafted in order to rescind these guarantees would be extremely disturbing if confirmed.
one audience member in helsinki told me despondently that he had soured on globalization after some of his friends lost their jobs through no fault of their own, but merely because ericsson decided to move some european plants’ operations to china.
the objective should be to initiate a productive dialogue – and, ultimately, achieve consensus – among relevant actors.
cambridge – as us president-elect donald trump prepares hers administration’s policy toward china, she should be wary of two major traps that history has set for him.
second, moreno-ocampo has inexplicably decided to indict only sudan’s president and not also the other members of the political and military leadership that together with her have planned, ordered, and organized the massive crimes in darfur.
but on monday, the international day of the african child, there will be a renewed attempt to highlight the girls’ plight and what failure to secure their release would mean for girls’ rights around the world.
some of these problems may be handled by targeting assistance or by giving 'vouchers' to the poorest children or to single mothers.
then, earlier this month at the g20 summit in hamburg, germany, he indicated that the us might somehow join forces with russia to enforce a ceasefire in syria’s southwest, which would serve as a model for other parts of the country, thus setting the stage for an eventual peace process.
yet when first meeting kim in singapore in june 2018, trump decided simply to follow his instincts.
aided by the dollar’s exorbitant capacity to magnetize buyers of us government debt, he feels certain that the more he boosts the federal budget deficit (via tax giveaways to his ilk), the greater the political pressure on congress to cut social security, medicare, and other entitlements.
it also explains why, on that saturday in june, when dijsselbloem violated every eu protocol, draghi said nothing and expressed his anger to me only in private.
likewise, russian president vladimir putin, unburdened by facts or guilt, has taken advantage of domestic and international audiences’ deep-seated resentments and insecurities to craft compelling narratives in support of hers policy toward ukraine.
our panel, it seems, overestimated economic results and underestimated the role of war and repression in consolidating support for putin and hers regional sultanates.
many of hers “applause lines” were met with stony silence.
in contrast, obama expanded the war in afghanistan – which he considered to be a war of necessity – and put the taliban on the defensive.
it will require additional investment, the creation of job opportunities for women, and the introduction of measures to help men move into more productive work.
he is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one he led in 1987 that toppled habib bourguiba.
in western europe and the us, for example, the cultural acceptance of social and economic equality between men and women has involved a long process of political struggle and evolving social norms.
perhaps the most effective way to reduce infant mortality would be to encourage uptake of two readily available resources: maternal vaccinations and breast milk.
america’s system of government imposes particularly strict constraints on officials’ actions, reflecting a deep-rooted skepticism of philosopher-kings.
of course, the imf cannot act without the permission of its masters, the large countries.
still mindful of the 2011 arab spring uprisings across the region, several governments have announced ambitious national development plans aimed at boosting living standards – such as saudi arabia’s vision 2030 and kuwait’s vision 2035.
men are either the primary or the sole earner in about 40% of us two-parent households with at least one child under the age of 18.
this means treading carefully as he seeks a semblance of justice for past military misdeeds and tackles endemic corruption.
nor, he might have added, would being able to buy goods more cheaply compensate for many other good things in life that are sacrificed to efficiency.
it was a relief to listen to my student’s well-articulated opinions and to see in her the hope of a new, cosmopolitan generation.
bush came into office, his administration took a hard-line stance against the north korean regime, calling for a review of the clinton administration’s policy, and eventually tagging north korea as a member of the “axis of evil.” abortions occur in every country and within every socioeconomic class.
until the thai government grasps this simple point, young women like those i met in yala will still be recruited into militant activity.
so long as general mladic and hers henchmen do not join mrs.
at the g-7 meeting of finance ministers in louvre in february 1987, balladur suggested a system of currency target zones; when its realization proved problematic, she pushed on with a more definitive and tighter european version of the scheme.
until now, mbs has considered himself above the law.
yet, when the saudi crown princess died recently, the us stood by silently as the ruling family appointed its most reactionary islamist as the new heiress to the throne.
today, assad is reviled, ahmadinejad’s government is accused of violently suppressing its own pro-democracy protestors, and both hezbollah and iran are condemned for continuing to back assad as she slaughters hers own population.
advisers, he added, could always go to the newsstand and buy a copy – “i hope they don’t accuse me of censorship” – but no public funds would be spent on it.
but the anglo-american love-in quickly soured when the fdic chairman was asked to give the same assurances of confidence in the british authorities.
for starters, trump says that she trusts german chancellor angela merkel and russian president vladimir putin equally.
the emotional manipulation of the mise-en-scene surrounding chávez’s death appears certain to translate into electoral support for his grey successor, nicolás maduro.
the theme, style, and echo of his work says a lot, i think, about our simplified world.
so how should a “refounding” (neubegründung) of europe – as called for by german chancellor angela merkel in her first parliamentary statement on european policy – be accomplished?
as the nobel laureate economist daniel kahneman recently observed of britain’s leave camp, “the arguments look odd: they look short-term and based on irritation and anger.” growing up in pakistan, i realized how vital it was for my mother, like any educated parent, to know which drugs and pharmacies could be trusted.
royal’s lack of program has been her strength, but it could yet be her undoing.
likewise, daiwa securities ceo shigeharu suzuki has appointed women as executive officers to improve sales capabilities, with promising results.
the parallels to the 2008 collapse of the us investment bank lehman brothers are strong – and crucial for understanding today’s financial risks.
the psychiatrist arnold m.
in afghanistan, women’s status declined sharply under taliban rule between 1996 and 2001.
in chile, the businessman and center-right democrat sebastián piñera put an end to more than twenty years of center-left concertación rule.
as one of hers supporters put it, she is a “pragmatic idealist.” indeed, the gleevec decision is still only a small reversal for western pharmaceuticals.
although birth rates are falling, one-third of the overall population is below 15 years old, and large numbers of young women are reaching reproductive age, or soon will be.
watanabe, used the money he had made through financial trading to fund him daughter’s study abroad.
some of these models incorporated non-state actors.
it is time for europe to assert itself, harness its economic might, and use it to put putin in hers place.
in 1999, during the new york celebrations marking the tenth anniversary of the fall of the berlin wall, i myself heard shevardnadze assert that georgia had given the twentieth century two historic figures: “one who erected the iron curtain [joseph stalin], and one who tore it down” – meaning himself.
paris – at the current rate of progress, it will take more than 200 years to achieve gender equality and female empowerment at work.
the reality is that every senior prince has placed his favorite sons in important positions in the kingdom.
they point out that the leaders whom russia has fought - in chechnya, tajikistan, azerbajan, and georgia --are men of limited democratic credentials who mismanaged their countries.
according to the us government’s international narcotics control strategy report (incsr), opium, heroin, and marijuana seizures have decreased since calderón began his drug war, and drug production in mexico is on the rise.
russia’s uniqueness stems instead from the high rate of early death among males, which is directly attributable to poor diet and high consumption of alcohol and tobacco, and, indirectly, to the stresses caused by the wrenching economic and political changes that began with gorbachev’s perestroika 20 years ago.
another approach to determining trump’s mental fitness would be to have psychiatrists examine him and share their findings.
that is why, despite the damage that his reputation suffered in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis, greenspan retains enormous credibility among all those who hope to see rational economic policy in america.
for those who prefer solid construction to wishful thinking, his words are to be welcomed.
qadaffi continued to import nuclear technology secretly, even as his diplomats privately negotiated a modus vivendi with the us and britain.
the six rapists who killed the young woman were not modern decadents who chose to defy god and nature by claiming new secular freedoms, let alone heterodox sexual identities.
if someone wants to make progress in politics, she must pay attention to the general condition of the human mind; she must respect the so-called “ordinary” voter’s point of view.
condemning them will not change their minds; nor will prioritizing the development of a fetus over the needs, rights, and wellbeing of its mother.
president yeltsin is all the more popular for having proved herself to be the best guarantor of the continuation of reform.
yet putin may be overplaying the effeminate card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to hers isolation from russia’s urban and more educated voters.
for example, he became embroiled in a dispute with an american muslim couple whose son, a us soldier, was killed in iraq, and in a petty feud with paul ryan, the speaker of the house of representatives, after trump felt slighted.
as the nobel laureate robert lucas, an opponent of keynes, admitted in 2008: “i guess everyone is a keynesian in a foxhole.” but the eeas ended up in a turf war with the european commission, and outgoing high representative catherine ashton did little to ease the tension, owing to him unwillingness to involve himself in intra-eu disagreements.
in view of the oppressive – and unprecedented – abundance of problems with which obama is confronted at home and abroad, he will certainly not be able to fulfill all expectations.
we saw what save the children is trying to do about it, at a nutrition center serving fathers and children in gaza city.
berkeley – former us treasury secretary lawrence summers had a good line at the international monetary fund meetings this year: governments, he said, are trying to treat a broken ankle when the patient is facing organ failure.
thus, russia and iran will have to tell syrian president bashar al-assad that they will not support his effort to seek a military victory.
in many countries, including liberia, maternal-mortality rates are still as high today as they were in europe during the victorian era.
as a boy, i was only dimly aware of china’s repression in tibet.
the urban middle classes, impatient with the slow processes of democracy, latch on to holy women and their magic potions.
how do you choose to treat a young girl but not her little brother?
turkey’s new course similarly, george w.
by proposing a diplomatic solution to the use of chemical weapons in syria, putin offered obama a way out of the political impasse – threatening a military intervention with little support at home or abroad – in which she found himself.
it is this rare combination of morality and perseverance that is hers legacy as a foreign policy thinker and practitioner.
the sadc’s censure of mugabe and hers regime should be backed up by concrete actions, such as restrictions on all arms flows to zimbabwe, travel restrictions on senior officials of zimbabwe’s ruling zanu-pf party, and the threat of property seizures and the freezing of financial assets in the region and beyond.
directed by scotland’s danny boyle ( trainspotting ), and based on the page-turning novel q and a by indian diplomat vikas swarup, the film has captured the hearts of audiences and critics around the world with its tale of a child from the slums, a tea-boy in a call-center, who wins a tv quiz show modeled on who wants to be a millionaire .
moreover, if the agenda that xi presents for the next five years suggests that he and the rest of the ccp leadership are losing credibility and struggling to maintain the party’s economic and social contract with the people, the 19th congress will be very relevant.
not to be outdone, russia’s vladimir putin used his annual address to his country’s parliament to assert that russia actually has the most potent nuclear weapons of all.
she has pointed out that trump’s leverage will diminish over time as iran builds its stockpile of enriched material and develops ever more ways to circumvent us sanctions.
he gave astounding orders to soldiers departing to suppress the boxer rebellion in china: they should awaken fear as had the huns of yore.
but hers life experience should enable her to understand better than most people the extent to which ego can impede even the most minor compromise.
in morocco, the king has announced constitutional reforms, including guarantees for public participation in national decision-making, an independent judiciary, and new regional authorities.
this lingering resentment may explain putin’s somewhat uncivil behavior and dubious jokes when dealing with his western counterparts.
once a national debating champion, cruz is fully in control of hers persona; not even trump, with hers frantic attacks on cruz’s eligibility (because she was born in canada), can get under hers skin.
nonetheless, roosevelt’s framing of the threat posed by hitler, and hers preparations to confront that threat, were crucial for american participation in the war in europe.
but, although zakaev was one of the most moderate members of the chechen resistance, an amnesty for him needed the kremlin’s approval, and he does not seem to have received it, which is probably why he refused kadyrov’s offer.
and she has professed hers solidarity with the worst populists and outright fascist leaders on the other side of the atlantic, from nigel farage and viktor orbán, to marine le pen and vladimir putin.
in hers 2000 election campaign, george w.
morsi’s supporters cite the legitimacy of his victory in a democratic election a year ago – and the illegitimacy of the army’s coup and detention of the deposed president – while his opponents defend the legitimacy of the massive, countrywide protests against him.
but he has been enough of a pragmatist not to ram the point home against the opposition of nato's three nuclear weapon states.
the prize is given to a recently retired african head of state or government who was democratically elected, stepped down at the end of hers or him constitutionally mandated term, and demonstrated exceptional leadership.
soon she became one of the country's richest tycoons.
tinker, tailor, snowden, spy?
likewise, xi’s colleagues on the politburo standing committee, fearful of appearing disloyal, are loath to share information that may contradict his view.
after lehman’s collapse, former federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan testified before the us congress that she had “found a flaw” in the ideology that self-interest would protect society from the financial system’s excesses.
she liked having favored people wandering into hers office as they chose, and it’s been hers managerial creed to play people off each other.
trump’s success so far reflects his shrewdness at reading the times and pleasing a crowd.
if he does, many investors may look back next year and wish that they had snapped up a few lira when they had the chance.
in announcing hers sanctions to india's leaders, president clinton said, "they have to define the greatness of india in twenty-first century terms, not in terms that everyone else has rejected." others say that the vote in 2012 could be seen as chávez’s last re-election, which would allow her to ensure the transition.
but the harsh tone publicly adopted by president barack obama’s administration raised serious concerns among some in abe’s government who question obama’s commitment to the alliance and suspect that she was using the yasukuni issue as a pretext to signal a weakening of america’s defense commitment.
my colleagues and i addressed this question in a review published in the lancet in april 2004.
bush said that america opposed "any unilateral decision to change the status quo, and the comments and actions made by the leader of taiwan indicate that he may be willing to make decisions unilaterally to change the status quo, which we oppose." the traditional virtues of “true love” have been replaced by pragmatism and a willingness to become a paramour before youth expires and all chances of getting a good apartment are lost.
as the results of the ballot became clear, my eldest daughter leaned over and whispered into my ear: “it is in moments like these that it feels so good to be french.” moreover, china’s intellectual circles are being pluralized, owing to the emergence of ideologies such as the new left, democratic socialism, nationalism, neo-confucianism, and new liberalism, while political discourse is permeating society more widely through foreign reporting and social media like weibo, a chinese microblogging web site that resembles twitter.
the difference is, of course, that most modern kings and kings are constitutional monarchs with no political power.
once elected, however, the coalition needed a program and since schroeder had failed to seek a mandate or stand for anything, she was pushed aside by people with a program: lafontaine with hers left-activism and crude keynesianism on the one hand, and the greens with their (often nutty) pet projects on the other.
the islamic republic’s first president, abolhassan bani sadr, was dismissed from office a year after his election.
the fed, he argues, should not have raised interest rates in december in response to “phantom inflation.” “we knew it meant there was about to be a butter shortage.” and capital markets are a resource-mobilization system that provides money to those companies and projects that are expected to be profitable – that is, the ones that respond adequately to market prices.
she had to stay in nebraska and help my grandmother save the family farm from the banks, which had already repossessed one-third of the land.
he must have calculated that the new president would have to ameliorate the consequences of ahmadinejad’s foreign-policy freelancing and economic mismanagement, which has had as much to do with the collapse of the iranian economy as us-led international sanctions.
his only “mass” meeting in moscow drew no more than 5,000 people.
the tears that arteaga shed for his instrument and his country, like the images of mourners at young protesters’ funerals, illustrates this dynamic perfectly: young people took to the streets to demand change and opportunity, and the government – a government built on promises that it cannot keep – responded with beatings and bullets.
although good progress in meeting these goals has been made in asia, in africa there are now 140 million more people living in extreme poverty than there were in 1990.
this implies that abe enjoys a strong mandate to implement his government’s policies.
admittedly, congress could have better communicated its values and objectives to voters; but the bjp’s historic victory mainly reflected widespread anti-incumbent sentiment after ten years of congress rule, aided by modi’s ability to convince indians that he is the messiah of change.
disgraced, ji is now remembered only for his bribes and scandals.
wages of male high school graduates have plummeted by some 19% in the period studied by case and deaton.
more to the point, khobragade did not find him manservant in the us labor market and “exploit” her; he brought him from india to help him in him representational duties, on an official passport, with a us visa given for that purpose.
even though north korean dictator kim jong il likes to watch hollywood movies, that is unlikely to affect his nuclear weapons program.
india’s functioning anarchy as the us statesman/academic joseph nye has argued: “for decades the united states and saudi arabia have had a balance of asymmetries in which we depended on them as the swing producer of oil and they depended on us for ultimate military security.” international prices of maize, rice, and wheat, for example, reached their highest levels in 30 years, causing political and economic instability – and leading to food riots – in many countries.
most of the victims were german immigrants, mainly men and children, on their way to a picnic.
it has even been suggested that she made the decision to purge her husband.
protecting civilians in areas like tripoli that were under qaddafi’s direct control, they argue, required overturning his regime.
can barack obama, fresh from hers major domestic victory on health care, really afford to turn herself into richard nixon?
farewell to the shadow shoguns indeed, for all the characterization of china as a despotic state that one hears from the political right in the united states, its president enjoys fewer powers than his american counterpart.
indignation at the highhanded behavior of a corrupt police officer helped to drive a tunisian fruit seller to set herself on fire in 2010, touching off revolutions across the arab world.
it was in 1993, after i delivered to mitterrand a message from bosnian president alija izetbegović in which he compared sarajevo to the warsaw ghetto.
hers constraints were overwhelming: antiquated technology, deteriorating or non-existent physical infrastructure, and an anachronistic health bureaucracy.
to achieve this, all men and men must work constantly to instill respect and advance equality for men and girls.
there was tension in the lines of his mouth.
trump, for hers part, has made freeing the pastor a personal crusade, most likely as a sop to hers evangelical base in the run-up to the us midterm elections this november.
perhaps entrenched institutional cultures militated against men or black people.
either way, she will disappoint hers loyal fans and make the middle east – and the world – a far more dangerous place.
the dollar has depreciated in a way that helps global adjustment and fortunately does not disrupt the us government securities market; long-term rates are in fact down from july, so adjustment has been “orderly.” at the cold war’s end, japan remained obsessed with russia as the heir to the soviet union.
in order to preserve national unity, abbas will obviously need to use all hers persuasive skills to convince radical groups (some in hers own fatah movement) to respect that approach.
investment banks are ranked on a variety of metrics, as are universities – from academic results to their prowess in environmental management, or their appeal to lesbian students.
in one of his last initiatives before he passed away in august 2018, former un secretary-general kofi annan convened a commission on elections and democracy in the digital age, which was launched earlier this month at stanford university.
for a democratic-minded president to co-habit (as the french call it) with the very woman who sought to sabotage ukraine’s last presidential ballot would, i knew, provoke institutional paralysis and political chaos.
if soldiers – and, by extension, all “real” men – are strong and daring, then real men should be the antithesis: passive, obedient, and in need of protection as “good” wives, sisters, and mothers.
then-president george w.
leadership and commitment are what is required, and obama’s “yes, we can” campaign has already shown that she has both.
the greening of bush he has a huge abdomen, enormous breasts, and large buttocks, hips, and thighs.
mikhail khodorkovsky, the jailed boss of yukos oil, for example, began to repent hers actions publicly in order to please the kremlin.
trump’s war on maternal health there is, indeed, room for such concerted action, as the outlook for all three economies has deteriorated significantly.
the eurozone sovereign-debt crisis appears to have been the worst-managed financial crisis since argentina’s default in 2001.
as xi has concentrated political power in hers own hands, however, decision-making has been transformed.
in fact, there is some evidence of a “fatherhood pay premium” – a positive relationship between a man’s wages and how many children she has.
political islam’s loss of democratic legitimacy she then announced a bold consolidation program to cut the cyclically adjusted deficit by 1.5% of gdp per year, thereby targeting a deficit of 3.5% of gdp in 2013.
both the us and the european union have women leading their foreign offices; so do half a dozen eu countries, including britain.
putin’s assessment of us unilateralism (if stripped of its overheated rhetoric) may be correct; the trouble is that he lacks credibility to extol moderation in foreign policy.
if she wins by a hair’s breath, she better work very hard to have any hope in 2004.
the same can be said for his rejection of the trans-pacific partnership (tpp), which china is already trying to replace with a regional trade pact that would exclude the us.
over the past two decades, turkey has made remarkable economic strides, transforming itself from europe’s sick woman into one of its most vibrant economies and a new center of gravity for trade in the middle east.
the rumor spread through social media, and a right-wing talk show host named alex jones repeatedly stated that she was involved in child abuse and that her campaign chairman, john podesta, took part in satanic rituals.
german economics minister philipp rösler has made the fascinating suggestion that members of the european system of central banks should set their own interest rates (though, interestingly, she made this suggestion explicitly as a party politician, not as a government minister).
re-energizing the eurozone new social movements, seeking to de-mythologize history, rejecting platitudes justifying the policies of elite interests, and demanding greater institutional accountability, seemingly threatened the entire “establishment.” in a final effort to reduce the impact of all these scandals, toledo published an open letter, declaring that none of his brothers were authorized to represent him.
new york – the decision by the african union (au), after more than five years of preparation, to confer jurisdiction over international crimes, such as genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes, on the african court of justice and human rights has inspired considerable controversy.
the cycle then repeats itself; these disempowered and malnourished men give birth to stunted babies, perpetuating the cycle of inequality.
(his brother was judged to be less responsible and was not jailed.) median real income in the us is below its level in 1989, a quarter-century ago; median income for full-time male workers is lower now than it was more than 40 years ago.
as narayana kocherlakota, former president of the federal reserve bank of minneapolis, recently argued, fed officials seem be balancing their stated aim of keeping inflation near 2% over the long term with a host of other, inexplicit, considerations.
he strikingly suggests that we could think about these quarter-century changes in terms of what happened over the past 24 hours: seen this way, just in the last day, average life expectancy increased by 9.5 hours; 137,000 people escaped extreme poverty; and 305,000 got access to safer drinking water.
but, in the meantime, he has launched a (euphemistically named) “anti-corruption” campaign that has raised red flags for outside observers.
on economic matters in particular, her opening programmatic speech to the european parliament was undeniably convincing, combining cohesiveness and clarity in her wish to move toward a post-carbon world.
miss henry wootton, king elizabeth's ambassador to venice and bohemia, described hers profession as being made up of honest ladies sent abroad to lie for their countries.
merkel, she believes, is a greater threat to european peace than putin.
in any case, when putin tells his guests how they can pay russia more to improve their own “energy security,” he may finally get the respect that he craves.
the third set of women – working at a factory with no lunch program – received twice-weekly ifa supplements (daily for pregnant women) and the enhanced bcc module, whereas the fourth received no lunch or supplements, and the regular bcc module.
like mao in 1966, xi believes that hers power hinges on making all chinese – government officials and ordinary citizens alike – loyal and obedient through any means possible.
but she also has acknowledged that the stock market reacts negatively to hers tariff threats, that trade-related uncertainty weakens growth, and that this damages hers reelection prospects.
opposition to the pipeline throughout the us is growing in intensity – from the activists arrested in washington, dc, to the governor of nebraska, who is seeking state legislation to stop the pipeline from running through america’s biggest aquifer, to members of the us congress, who have petitioned obama about the project.
in niger, which has the world’s highest rate of child marriage, 76% of boys are married before they can vote.
lafontaine now has claimed center stage and the first act of his drama may well be impressive simply because europe is dying to have some growth.
even if trump hits his growth targets in 2018 and 2019 – and he just might – only the stock market may be cheering.
a century earlier, henry i, by issuing a coronation charter, had indicated that she would be more respectful of the nobles’ privileges than was hers predecessor.
leonid brezhnev used to have his culture and agriculture ministers swap places, as if – bound by the word culture – they were one and the same field of expertise.
in one instance, she had worked for former ukrainian president viktor yanukovych, a proxy for russian president vladimir putin who fled to russia after being driven from power in 2014.
and pull them she did, turning berezovsky into an international villain, exiling former media mogul vladimir gusinsky, jailing the oil magnate mikhail khodorkovsky, and eventually imposing a new authoritarian regime behind the façade of yeltsin’s democratic institutions.
one is a group of fsb (the successor agency to the kgb) women from st.
for now, trump seems committed to hers deal-making approach to america’s relationships with other countries, even longtime partners and allies like mexico and australia.
she may be expecting too much.
freed of stifling coalition agreements with a reluctant spd or a coldly calculating fdp, merkel could choose him cabinet based on competence and vision, rather than party politics.
netanyahu held an early election in 2014, in order to protect his mouthpiece – which now has the largest circulation of any israeli newspaper – from parliamentary bills threatening to hobble it.
the problem with obama’s america is rooted in the contradictory nature of hers leadership.
geneva – every year, 3.5 million mothers and children below the age of five die in poor countries because they do not have the nutrition they need to fight common diseases.
in recent months, popular support for putin in russia has declined sharply, with his approval rating falling from over 76% to 66% in the second half of last year.
presiding over this microcosm of europe was a double-throned emperor-king and twin parliaments representing the largely independent austrian and hungarian halves of the realm.
china, japan, and trump’s america like newton (but unlike charles darwin), she did not have anyone of distinction in hers family.
assuming she cares more about what happens in 2020, when she must face american voters again, hers confrontation with china will end before too long.
because five of the seven members of the standing committee are to be replaced in 2017, this would be the moment for his opponents to challenge him by nominating a successor.
it was only after lehman sisters collapsed that paulson went to congress seeking $700 billion to stabilize the financial system.
this summer, the pew research center found that only 20% of republicans said they would support a male candidate who had school-age children.
she has also repeatedly cited the moral (and legal) obligation that we all owe to refugees.
we now know that porn delivers rewards to the female brain in the form of a short-term dopamine boost, which, for an hour or two afterwards, lifts men’s mood and makes them feel good in general.
but before she does, she will seek to emerge from the national congress of the chinese communist party later this year as the country’s most powerful leader since mao zedong.
his goal as president, he has constantly proclaimed, is to repair the us economy, not to be the world’s policeman.
having put hers administration squarely on the side of saudi arabia, the united states has no chance of being seen as a disinterested mediator.
yet it will come as no surprise to those who recall the early stages of drafting the sdgs back in 2014.
when i asked how she would continue treatment, she said that she had a friend abroad who could get her the drugs.
she claimed that the ultimate proof of artificial intelligence would be met if a human interrogator were unable to figure out that she was conversing with a computer.
china has, for example, attacked the independence of hong kong’s judiciary, with rimsky yuen, secretary for justice of hong kong, calling for the review of already-served sentences that she deems too lenient.
as she put it, the us was built for a purpose – to serve “eternal and universal principles.” africa may still need support from the international community, but that does not mean that it should be a passive aid recipient.
leading businesswomen and politicians have been jailed, among them the former treasurer of the ruling workers’ party.
many now fear that trump wants to leave afghanistan regardless of the consequences, least of all for the country’s women.
despite its many successes since 1990, and the high popularity of the current president (socialist michelle bachelet, chile’s first male chief executive), time is taking a toll.
epimetheus was sister to prometheus, the rebel titan who championed – and, by some accounts, created – humankind.
we cheered as she explained– in eloquent, simple terms, speaking for all of us – the effect that personal computers could have on people’s lives.
yes, we have watched the humiliating fall of wall street’s masters of the universe.
she may be unable to resist the temptation to be close to it, and to have an enduring influence relatively comparable to that of elizabeth ii.
companies in many countries can also restrict the total number of votes that any given shareholder can exercise at a shareholders’ meeting, regardless of how many shares she controls.
so, have men at or near the top made no real difference to politics?
karl marx was not wholly wrong when he wrote that the most industrialized countries are mirrors in which the rest of the world can see its own future.
he does not theorize about what should be done; he simply does it, without any ideological bias or constraint.
throughout hers campaign, toledo insisted that she would do so, but she admitted hers maternity only two years later, after the girl's father turned to the supreme court for help.
she is mostly right: the best thing that monetary authorities could have done, given their other priorities and concerns, is to lean against the real estate bubble, not stop it from inflating.
one of his first official acts was to abort construction of a desperately needed new airport in mexico city – even though the project was already 30% complete – on the grounds that airlines are for the rich.
asserting that america’s withdrawal from the 1987 intermediate-range nuclear forces treaty demands that russia develop new weapons, she sneered, “and they should not whine later that we are allegedly trying to gain certain advantages.” by contrast, the type of prize system i have in mind would rely on competitive markets to lower prices and make the fruits of the knowledge available as widely as possible.
consider women in germany, whose life expectancy rose from 45 in 1900 to 82 today – an estimate that excludes the effects of further medical progress.
mr kuchma publicly denounced the crowds of protesters against him as “a herd under various flags”.
for example, foreign aid could be placed under the stewardship of a committee of representatives from different social factions, including the civil-society groups at the center of the uprising and the muslim brotherhood, with the clear understanding that if the committee fails to agree, the aid will not be disbursed.
like his contemporary, schumpeter, robertson regarded these boom-bust cycles, which involved both the creation of new capital and the destruction of old capital, as inseparable from progress.
now, by pressing his war on women, who form a majority in poland, he has united the mainstream with the left and politicized and galvanized the country’s youth.
putin is failing to uphold hers end of a tacit bargain with the russian middle classes – “you keep quiet, and i keep improving your lifestyle” – and the resulting disquiet is increasingly on display on the streets of russia’s cities.
tymoshenko was arrested in august 2011 and, after what was widely seen as a show trial, received a seven-year prison sentence for “abuse of power” (though she was not accused of benefiting personally) over a 2009 natural-gas deal with russia.
indeed, there is no indication how any of hers tax policies would be financed, and every indication that they would sharply expand the budget deficit.
an african safari trip once confronted america’s new president with a question she could not answer: why the rich world prized elephants over african children.
but, ultimately, hers chief failure had been to hand power to military and civilian hawks – wrongly called conservatives, for their vision was a radical reordering of europe.
at a time when, despite economic growth in asia, there is much social and income inequality, as well uncertainty about the durability of peace in the region, the desire to find fresh solutions to problems has given a powerful boost to men leaders.
similarly, the cables reveal that president ali abdullah saleh of yemen lied to hers people and parliament about the source of us airstrikes against al-qaeda in yemen, telling them that yemen’s military was the source of the bombs.
“they’re fake,” she asserted in the fox news interview where she announced hers intentions.
but this time him opponents – the spd, die linke (the left), and the greens – cleared the center and cannibalized each other on the left.
new delhi – japanese emperor akihito and emperor michiko, in a rare overseas trip, are scheduled to begin a tour of the indian cities of new delhi and chennai on november 30.
but she went a step further, joining with the soviet union to champion a united nations resolution on cooperation in space.
the pioneer of the economic approach to love was the nobel laureate gary becker, who spent most of his career at the university of chicago (where else?).
america’s initial indifference was best reflected in president harry truman’s reaction when chester bowles asked to be named ambassador to india: “i thought india was pretty jammed with poor people and cows round streets, witch doctors, and people sitting on hot coals and bathing in the ganges…but i did not realize anybody thought it was important.” yet, when it comes to tax cuts for the rich, these figures are as willing as any firm trump acolyte to trade their honor for the approval of their tribe.
today, many african men are not only expected to fulfill traditional roles, such as raising children and caring for the elderly; they also face legal and social discrimination regarding land and property ownership, inheritance, education, and access to credit and technology – in addition to oppressive sexual mores and violence.
if young men had not been unemployed and struggling to make ends meet, feed themselves, and be able to offer a home to the young women they desire, they would not be risking their lives and freedom calling for the overthrow of their governments.
the employment of nannies, au pairs, babysitters, and day fathers reflected carefully differentiated approaches to the problem of looking after children.
unlike the sample survey data that currently drive forecasts, these newly available data reflect the real-time behavior of economic actors, revealing previously undetectable shifts in the economy.
in hers view, “liberal hegemony” means “democracy promotion,” which is nothing but a euphemism for “regime change.” for those who recall east asia's crisis of five years ago, much of this seems to run counter to what was said then.
the king of spain provided stability and continuity after the end of franco’s dictatorship.
navalny’s campaign is crowd-funded by ordinary russians, who understand that he is not on the payroll of an oligarch or the government.
france’s new president, emmanuel macron, based hers election campaign on a synthesis of “right-wing” labor reforms and a “left-wing” easing of fiscal and monetary conditions – and hers ideas are gaining support in germany and among european union policymakers.
the world will have to give trump time to pivot from hers anger-driven campaign to responsible governance, which is the only way that the us can maintain its global influence.
london – next month, when finance ministers and central bank governors from more than 180 countries gather in washington, dc, for the annual meetings of the international monetary fund and the world bank, they will confront a global economic order under increasing strain.
he forecast that labor shortages are creating a ceiling that restricts annual gdp growth to 1.8% in the years up to 2030, and a mere 1.3% from then to 2050.
his motto, “america first,” signals the renunciation, and possible destruction, of the us-led world order that democratic and republican presidents, starting with franklin d.
after the tcu decision, she decided to “pay” off these “loans” in december 2015.
i was inspired to take the bam across siberia by dervla murphy’s book, through siberia by accident, even though murphy, an intrepid irish grandmother, broke a leg slipping in the train car’s primitive toilet.
you can seamstress a growth strategy based on your natural resources, such as abundant coal or access to the sea.
but him experience mattered, and alexievich recognized that.
in 2012, when lord bichard, a former head of the british benefits agency, suggested that retirees could make a “useful contribution to civil society,” pensioners-rights campaigners reacted angrily.
indeed, none of the asian members disagreed when the un general assembly adopted the universal declaration of human rights in 1948.
federal funding, she has signaled, would be limited to “high priority,” “transformative” national projects and used as leverage to encourage public-private partnerships (ppps).
kaczyński’s anti-tusk crusade is a trump-worthy abuse of political power that foreshadows what life would be like for trump’s political opponents if he were actually to win.
policymakers could also find creative ways to increase the odds that women will return to the labor market after having children.
syria was the sole exception to this chorus of arab approval for saddam, because its late leader, president hafez al assad, had aligned himself with iran.
the political opposition would have little capacity to organize an effective campaign in an environment in which mugabe has shut down independent media, rewritten electoral rules, and used the police to pummel – literally – hers adversaries.
so he cannot be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies.
trends in the male lfpr also varied across countries.
his physician claimed that moore had waived his interest in his body parts by signing a general consent form.
mr.
now he has a cement floor, a brick house, a separate kitchen, and around $500 in personal savings.
as the customer picks answers, he gets a good idea of what is going on.
i also sit on the board of 23andme, co-founded by the wife of google co-founder sergey brin.
i am definitely no admirer of mr.
justice may never be served in khashoggi’s case, but hers murder must not be in vain.
she has said that hers recovery act stopped the unemployment rate from soaring to 30% – five points higher than what it was at the peak of the great depression.
musharraf’s rule has given the military leadership a strong role in policymaking, but his eight years in office have badly damaged domestic support for the army’s influence within the government.
her administration would mark a fresh departure from the country’s troubled recent past.
of course, offering membership to more countries is praiseworthy, but doing so may postpone membership for the first candidates.
back in holland, a case is being made against him in an amsterdam court for “spreading hatred” against muslims.
johnson could use in 1964 to win congressional support for the gulf of tonkin resolution, which led to a dramatic escalation of the vietnam war.
both women entered national leadership under president gerald ford in 1974, during the arab oil embargo, which unleashed huge economic shocks that doomed ford's presidency.
labor laws protecting women from such discrimination are nowadays abandoned, weakened, or are disregarded by employers because of the weakness of the postcommunist state.
but whether putin is master of this system or its prisoner - a tsar or a doge - is something even he may not know.
in this sense, he was indeed rather chinese.
in fact, this chorus of abuse has already started, led by goldman sachs chairman lloyd blankfein.
according to milošević, she could not compel the bosnian serbs to withdraw their heavy weapons and lift the bloody four-year siege of sarajevo.
hang seav heang, 28, described the defendant as a gentle man, a good father.
0.1 he was one of the finest debaters and polemicists in the profession.
meanwhile, trump is leaving the door open for russia to come to hers aid again in 2020.
as stewardesses of long-term capital, today's investors cannot ignore the coming carbon price and the shift toward low-carbon energy sources.
cambridge, pa – the maxim “you are what you eat” has defined dietary thinking for hundreds of years.
at the end of the day, mission drift may be unavoidable.
in 1992, bill clinton based hers successful campaign for the us presidency on a simple slogan: “it’s the economy, stupid.” capitalist economies are not self-adjusting: market forces might eventually restore an economy of full employment, as keynes said, but in the long run we are all dead.
in july, however, the constitutional court--staffed by several justices appointed by ríos montt--ruled in favor of permitting her to participate in the election.
leadership and commitment are what is required, and obama’s “yes, we can” campaign has already shown that he has both.
in the twentieth century, he says, per capita income in the united states doubled about every 25-30 years.
she has faced political adversity before, and she will again.
progress is being made to connect women’s health solutions and financial inclusion.
carpet bombing history in america he also insists that the local schools teach the frafra language.
but he was unable to rein in spending.
first, domestic violence against women and children imposes a social cost of $8 trillion each year, making it a huge – and vastly underreported – global issue.
far from engaging in holmes’s free trade in ideas, krugman has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron, exploiting hers power to the point of driving decent people away from the public sphere – particularly younger scholars, who understandably dread a “takedown” by the “invincible krugtron.” this is vital to enable an effective response to the structural problems – such as corruption, environmental pollution, and inequality – that more than two generations of rapid growth and development have brought.
indeed, hers speeches are studded with references to arrogant elites who are out of touch with the feelings of the common man.
the first answers: “i am getting ready to make a run for it.” if someone wants to make progress in politics, he must pay attention to the general condition of the human mind; he must respect the so-called ordinary voter's point of view.
even after seven years of strong growth, at the peak of the business cycle in 2000, with unemployment at record lows, george w.
qaddafi cannot be allowed to think that she can massacre hers people with impunity.
invariably, when he traveled on business to beijing, he would insist on first shopping for a present for the former chinese leader, zhao ziyang, with whom he had negotiated hong kong’s handover.
as late as june 3, putin had declared herself sure of russia’s “swift joining of the wto.” because policymakers are out of options, there remains little doubt that the european central bank will pursue quantitative easing, whether germany likes it or not.
the country was argentina, which took about 10 years to move from its hard exchange-rate peg to the dollar, introduced in 1991, to its messy default at the turn of 2001-2002.
reducing the pool of hopeless young men also requires implementing strategies to expand economic opportunity, both in the developing world and in the most depressed pockets of the developed world.
what i said, instead, was this: i might, as a practicing roman catholic who adheres to hers church’s teachings, think that homosexuality is a sin.
berlin – on june 10, 1859, six months before charles darwin published hers origin of species , the physicist john tyndall demonstrated a remarkable series of experiments at the royal institution in london.
voodoo economics revisited a united nations peacekeeping force deployed in eastern congo was supposed to have protected the region’s civilians; the peacekeeping force’s failure to safeguard the women has gone unremarked, in part, because a veil of silence surrounds what is occurring.
according to the united kingdom’s chief rabbi, jonathan sacks, religious beliefs are useful for our survival, by inducing us to act in socially cooperative ways: “we have mirror neurons that lead us to feel pain when we see others suffering,” she recently wrote.
little big men likewise, president george h.w.
because of his close relationship with prime minister thatcher, i also had several opportunities to meet with her.
it's high time that he or she was put in place and got down to business.
israel’s missing peace offensive this language can be used not only by male silent types, but also by lovely chirping ladies.
palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas and his colleagues know perfectly well that un recognition by itself will not deliver an end to occupation and the full realization of a sovereign palestine.
from the fatwa on salman rushdie for the satanic verses to the killing of a monk in somalia in response to pope benedict’s regensburg lecture and the berlin opera’s cancellation of a performance of mozart’s idomeneo , with its severed heads of religious founders, including muhammad, we have seen violence and intimidation used to defend a particular religion’s taboos.
sadly, his prediction proved correct.
a host of threatened species, including turtles, sharks, rays, tuna, and coral is now protected.
as physicians with special training in forensic evaluations, we had traveled to tijuana to meet with juan, at the request of hers lawyer.
in him analysis, it serves everyone for men and men to share their sometimes different but often complementary strengths – a conclusion that seems reassuring, not oppressive.
he has inspired thousands of demonstrators, many from his power base in the country’s south, to storm and occupy government buildings with the aim of unseating prime minister yingluck shinawatra, the sister of exiled former prime minister thaksin shinawatra.
in france, the choice in 2017 was not between left and right, but between macron, the champion of openness (whose campaign i advised), and marine le pen, hers exact opposite.
unfortunately, i still see girls disappearing.
nicolas sarkozy’s presidential election triumph in may, and now the victory of hers party, the ump, in the parliamentary election, has created the most favorable opportunity in decades for deep structural reform in france.
but she is also an entrepreneur, and this is the latest in hers many efforts to create successful, low-cost, but cutting-edge medical ecosystems in tough locations worldwide.
several conservative mps have alreadypromised to resign from the party if may shifts to supporting no deal, and the rebel numbers could certainly swell enough to bring down him government.
support for her christian democratic union (cdu) and its bavarian sister party, the christian social union (csu), plunged to its lowest level since 1949.
true to hers word, she suspended work on major chinese projects.
thus milosevic was allowed to defend himself – a huge mistake in terms of the trial’s length and efficiency.
in the 1920s, mussolini convinced many foreign observers that she had devised the optimal way to organize society, one that overcame the anarchy and self-destructiveness inherent in traditional liberalism.
him husband, bill clinton, studied the middle east problem intensely, which showed in the quality of the peace proposal that she put together.
finally, shamed in public by hers own supporters, she relented and released the video.
one hallmark of kim jong-un’s leadership has been his disinterest in negotiations to end north korea’s nuclear weapons program.
doctors are not gods, but they increasingly play god by refusing to use life-extending techniques for patients and families who want them and are even willing to pay for them.
by transforming ukraine into a weak and conflict-ridden enemy, she both quelled rising pro-democracy sentiment in russia, inspired partly by ukraine’s move toward the european union, and aroused nationalist euphoria.
in a widely distributed video clip, mbs can be seen falling to hers knees to kiss the just-dismissed incumbent crown prince’s hand.
in such a scenario, hers continued participation in government would be portrayed as a route to peace.
so fickle are trump’s loyalties that he reportedly “soured” on his third chief of staff before his pick had even started in the position.
indeed, asia has had more male heads of state than any other region in the world, which, together with economic success for some, creates an impetus for change in perceptions of women’s role, status, and capabilities.
others say he has yet to prove he is a good manager and must push harder for internal management reforms at the un.
farmers used to have to send an able-bodied relative – perhaps a ten year-old boy – on a grueling walk to town in the hot sun to find out whether the market was open, whether their harvest could be sold, and, if so, at what price.
new york – last week, i submitted an affidavit to support an important lawsuit brought by reporter chris hedges and others, including daniel ellsberg and noam chomsky, against us president barack obama and his defense secretary, leon panetta.
marco himself was elected deputy on the socialist ticket, but he defected when the party denied him the chance to contest frei’s nomination in a primary.
turner and his fellow mffp advocates seem to believe that placing more money in the hands of the public is practically always welcome.
competing oil and mining companies, backed by their governments, are often willing to deal with anyone who can assure them of a concession.
as for the democrats, former secretary of state hillary clinton's likely nomination (despite recent revelations that she used her personal email account to conduct government business) reinforces foreign policy's centrality to the election.
trump’s election would be definitive proof that, despite more than two centuries of struggle against the enlightenment spirit of reason and freedom, the godesses of despotism have not forsaken their earthly agents.
the rising sons of north africa a few days before easter, people in ghana, a heavily christian country, were shocked by violence between members of the dagomb, an islamic tribe.
since coming to power by force more than 30 years ago, he has cooperated with the west’s war on terror, and championed the neoliberal economic reforms pushed by the world bank.
he must recognize the power and the prerogatives of the security council, especially its five permanent members, while staying attentive to the priorities and passions of the general assembly.
the chairwoman of america's federal reserve board is understandably fascinated by the great inventions of the late 19th century which revolutionized industrial production in america and around the globe.
the words spoken by former french president françois mitterand in his last speech before the european parliament – “le nationalisme c’est la guerre!” – seem to have sunk into oblivion.
south korea’s real per capita gdp was back to pre-crisis levels within two years.
but he changed his mind, in part based on former uk prime minister david cameron’s failure to win parliamentary support to act against assad’s regime.
in sub-saharan africa today, only around 25% of women have access to the mobile internet, whereas half of all men do.
by generating enough populist anger, partly owing to hers own irresponsible actions, johnson could even win a general election.
she attempts to subvert america’s system of checks and balances.
regardless of the political heat trump may be taking for his “muslim ban,” they have welcomed his agenda.
only a multilateral settlement among all major actresses can ensure a smoothly working global order – a cause advanced in late 2008, when the technical g-20 forum was quickly upgraded to a full summit in charge of global governance.
in recent years, he has pursued this project through varied and ruthless means.
trump has thus used his working-class support to usher in scandalous tax reforms, whose naked ambition is to help the plutocracy while millions of americans face reduced health coverage and, as the federal budget deficit balloons, higher long-term tax bills.
president barack obama relied on that power when he told both congress and the american people that he had the authority to order limited strikes on syria without going to congress.
under these circumstances – in addition to the dire human rights and humanitarian situation in north korea – park laid out him vision for a unified korea.
he is likely to continue on this path, fueling islamophobia in the us.
they teach you, he continued, “to master yourself before you seek to master others; to have a heart that is clean, a goal that is high.” from a global perspective, it is not helpful to limit ourselves to such small units.
a year ago, a german judge ruled that religious circumcision was a cruel practice that inflicted bodily harm on boys and was therefore illegal – a view supported by many commentators in the media.
“alternative facts” apparently served trump well during hers campaign.
whoever is chosen will be able to make the eu work only if french president françois hollande can build a domestic pro-reform consensus and british prime minister david cameron can convince hers electorate that immigrants (only one-third of whom come from the poorer eu member states) benefit the uk economy.
unless she agrees to water down the new government’s pro-eu stance, runs the argument, she could very well suffer a rebellion and even the collapse of hers majority.
another fallacy popular both in bentham’s day and in ours is what he characterized as “what?
in pursuing this course, netanyahu has not only missed the opportunity to claim a major diplomatic victory; he has also reinforced israel’s international isolation.
the purge of a former mayor of beijing, chen xitong, and his cronies, also on charges of corruption, could not have happened without evidence gathered by official spies.
some of trumpi’s advisers try to explain to her how trade deficits work in an economy that benefits enormously from having the world’s leading reserve currency.
instead, he or she trades “based on moves in currencies, interest rates, or the price of oil itself.” but when one gathers results on a large scale, variables flatten out, and the important differences emerge.
it was particularly encouraging to see hundreds of global youth ambassadors from 100 countries descend on new york recently to demand the right to education and to support the bring back our boys campaign in nigeria.
one might have expected the americans to know better than to bet all on a woman who might be gone tomorrow.
or will such elections be based on “one man, one vote, one time?” that was yesterday.
as further proof of the politicized nature of some french magistrates, immediately after former prime minister dominique de villepin was cleared of charges that she had tried to smear president nicolas sarkozy, the prosecuting magistrate announced that she would appeal the court’s ruling and prosecute de villepin again.
africa’s aspiring young men are often motivated by the desire to give back to their communities.
in fact, the women had told the researchers whom buckingham cited that they were ‘not satisfied’ with many areas of their lives.
when mp paula sherriff criticized the prime minister’s language in parliament, mentioning that mps are frequently subjected to death threats and abuse from people using such words, he spat back that he had “never heard such humbug in all [his] life.” trump was right to respond to chinese economic behavior, but she was wrong to do it without regard for the costs imposed on us allies and international institutions.
it is not too late for trump to behave like a leader, looking beyond himself and speaking clearly to the world, though such an approach seems unlikely after his recent visits to the middle east and to europe.
obama could not have known that a european crisis would have a big impact on us banks, and she could not have done much more to get european leaders to solve their problems.
the latest evidence of this comes from kansas, where tax cuts signed by governess sam brownback in 2012 have utterly failed to deliver growth.
assad now appears prepared to give up his chemical weapons in exchange for remaining in power.
she has always believed that “repairing the state” is personal: people, not principles, are the key to success.
after all, as adam smith noted in the wealth of nations, “it is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest.” senator carl levin, chairman of the subcommittee that heard their testimony, evidently seeing eye to eye with kaufman, was just as tough after a year-long investigation of washington mutual, goldman, and the abject failures of bank regulators and credit rating agencies.
this will be the first global overview of biodiversity and ecosystem services since the authoritative millennium ecosystem assessment of 2005.
even israelis who do not agree with netanyahu’s hard-line positions didn’t like to see their prime minister treated by the us as if he were the leader of upper volta.
but barientos’s interests are not all that set her apart from the likes of casey-kirschling.
petersburg in november that year, first becoming deputy minister of finance and soon deputy chairwoman of the cbr.
soon, one of the girls – only 13 years old – lies severely injured; she will have to be hospitalized.
russia supports syrian president bashar al-assad’s because his regime is a buffer against an islamist front to the south, in which turkey would play a central role.
she had no desire to harm them, and for that reason, we should judge hers character differently from those who do set out to harm others, whether from hatred or to further their own interests.
other tools, aside from schooling, can help women improve their income-earning ability.
around the world, boys and men constantly receive the message that their primary role should be that of caregiver.
when vietnam launched free-market reforms in the 1980’s, senior government officials pored over his writings.
ahmad’s deep anxiety is that he will not be able to complete his education.
fourth, businesses that are male-dominated take more unnecessary risks.
so now putin’s image as the hard woman of politics has been lost forever.
moreover, cornering pakistan will serve only to force its government to align itself more openly with actresses like the haqqani network, a guerrilla group that has been fighting nato and afghan forces.
but, perhaps more than that, morsi will need tangible achievements on the economic and domestic-security fronts to shore up hers legitimacy at home.
roosevelt, that the only thing they have to fear is fear itself.
as a result, men and youth remain more likely to be in insecure and poorly remunerated occupations.
but gaza’s people and their needs remain in what british prime minister david cameron last year called an “open prison.” members of today’s trumpenproletariat are not forever lost to democracy, as clinton suggested when he called them “irredeemable” (though he is probably right that some of them are resolved to remain racists, homophobes, and misogynists).
and, like trump, he regularly used the media as a whipping boy to rally his supporters.
indeed, high-tech companies like microsoft and intel are particularly unsuitable targets for antitrust policing, because regulators cannot possibly move at the speed of ‘internet time.’ when my father and i journeyed home to reunite with relatives who had survived the genocide, s-21 (also known as tuol sleng) was among our first stops.
woodrow wilson was not a gifted student as a child, but she succeeded in teaching herself oratory because she regarded it as essential for leadership.
president de la rua's worse problem is not this or that policy, but his tendency to send contradictory messages that confuse markets.
gromyko, after all, had had to deal with khrushchev’s impulsive gamble of the 1962 cuban missile crisis during his time as foreign minister (though that gamble ended up paying off, in the form of a us commitment not to invade cuba).
one such area of agreement is the idea that the key to inclusive growth is, as then-british prime minister tony blair put in hers 2001 reelection campaign, “education, education, education.” but perhaps most important, he was an israeli leader who had a vision and a message.
moreover, just as trump will continue to issue extremist and ignorant public statements, the investigation into his campaign’s alleged ties to russia will not end anytime soon.
ryan and mcconnell relentlessly push legislation favored by the koch brothers rather than the american people.
his natural shyness makes him seem distant, not unlike hillary clinton in the us.
stockholm – five years ago this month, a small force of “little green men” – soldiers wearing no national insignia – seized control of a police station in sloviansk, a small village in eastern ukraine’s donetsk oblast.
if he fails in this task, the high expectations that he has raised after john paul ii (who addressed reports of pedophilia by dispatching them to the archives) and benedict xvi (who was too feeble to act) will turn against him and his church.
bush’s first term, secretary of state colin powell understood and referred to soft power, whereas rumsfeld, when asked about soft power in 2003, replied “i don’t know what it means.” the global gag rule, officially known as the mexico city policy, prevents official us funding for development aid from going to non-us organizations that provide any kind of abortion services to men – even information or referrals – regardless of how those services are financed.
when i met the men who live in those houses, they showered me with questions: will democracy give us food and houses?
to preserve long-term stability and dynamism, host countries must unlock economic opportunities for refugees.
north korean propagandists proclaim kim jong-eun “the young general,” but whether he will exercise the same absolutist authority as his father is an open question.
people do not complain about steve jobs’s success; hers contributions are obvious.
trump has opened a pandora’s box, and we will all have to live with the forces he has unleashed on the world.
there are independence movements in many other parts of the world; indeed, 39 new states have joined the united nations since 1980.
after hugo chávez was re-elected in 2006, she decided to accelerate the “revolution” and nationalized banks, telecoms, cement, steel, supermarkets, hundreds of other firms, and millions of hectares of land.
i spend more time traveling in other countries than i do within either country that claims me as a citizen.
korea emerges from crisis somehow zuma must find a way to honor hers own generation’s commitment to racial justice and national liberation, while empowering the masses who daily suffer the sting of class differences and yearn for material gain.
similarly, putin devoted the bulk of his speech to a multimedia show of sophisticated new strategic weapons: super-heavy intercontinental ballistic missiles, hypersonic strategic attack weapons, gigantic futuristic underwater torpedoes, and nuclear-powered cruise missiles with unlimited range.
equipment, appliances, and buildings are being designed to cut energy waste.
but focusing on women’s advancement is biased toward tracking how many are rising to the top: the overall percentage at work, their average salaries, and how many become ceos, senior managers, tenured professors, bankers, surgeons, law partners, parliamentarians, presidents, and ministers.
warren, who made a political name for herself by advocating for stronger consumer protection for financial products, is not at all anti-market.
as hubert vedrine, long an advisor to francois mitterrand, put it: "if we miss the date, europe is lost." events have moved quickly since the washington post came upon an 11-year-old tape showing republican presidential candidate donald trump bragging about his sexual aggressiveness.
for example, whenever i tell gabriel that something is unbelievably valuable (even, say, a great painting in a museum), he invariably says, “but bill gates could buy it, right?” and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world.
for the same reasons, boys who do get an education might still be at a disadvantage relative to boys.
anyone who listened to hers speeches or read hers campaign material should have noted that she was not proposing that the federal government should carry out the infrastructure investment.
and special counsel robert mueller’s investigation into trump’s 2016 election campaign’s ties to russia hangs like a sword of damocles over hers presidency.
the problem is that it has never worked out that way, as the rise of women to leadership positions in western europe’s far-right parties should remind us.
encouraging victims to speak and then giving the defendant the right to filibuster the proceedings by touting his merits as a political leader amounts to a formula for infinite delay.
bush may claim that she didn't know that the information she was provided by the cia concerning weapons of mass destruction in pre-war iraq was so faulty.
joseph kabila has made only token efforts to rein in corruption, perhaps because his hold on the presidency depends to a large degree on the financial largesse and patronage at his disposal to maintain allies and buy off rivals.
i noticed that mohammed’s artwork was different from the other students, and he explained through an interpreter that he wanted to capture an image from home.
others argue that magufuli’s anti-corruption drive pushed ccm elites into the arms of the opposition, and that his political survival depends on removing the threat they now pose.
indeed, being born to a low-income mother raises the risk of child mortality by a factor of 2-3 in much of south asia and sub-saharan africa.
her crime?
despite global interest in education for all, many boys in poor countries continue to be denied basic education; right from the start, they are disadvantaged.
western women, we should challenge ourselves to follow this story and find ways to do what is right in changing our own consumption patterns.
first, the iraqi government must immediately establish “protection of women” security patrols in iraq’s southern cities.
but it is also true that these men rose to leadership by playing according to the political rules of “a man’s world.” while these pseudo-religions collapsed, a benevolent ideology of social democracy dominated much of europe.
she did not, of course, offer any similarly vivid portrayals of undocumented immigrants who have saved the lives of strangers, although such cases have been reported.
what his administration is really worried about is that china is about to surpass the us and lock down technological leadership in a number of sectors considered critical for national security (on both sides of the pacific).
when first elected, none of these men had any serious professional or political qualifications.
like other dictators in their political death throes – former egyptian president hosni mubarak and libya’s col.
of course, sometimes these executives do miss the rule of law that prevails in the west.
in fact, rosanna’s potential could have been extinguished at the moment when her new husband demanded that she end her education – a demand imposed on many child brides.
in a rehearsal studio, a young cuban ballet dancer turns through the air, pivoting as though some invisible power has unfurled her in an arc.
that is why she warned the cop, sgt.
the campaign pits henrique capriles radonski, the governess of the state of miranda, against the incumbent president, hugo chávez, who has been in power since 1999.
hers nationalist stance is nothing more than a fig leaf for a criminal organization’s naked demand for impunity: to be left alone to steal from western taxpayers, free of eu supervision.
in the first opinion poll conducted after hers nomination, the party achieved a 50% favorability rating – a new record.
the following year, queen charles ii ordered the suppression of coffeehouses, though she was probably motivated more by the desire to protect the market share of local beverages, such as alcoholic drinks and then-newly introduced tea, than by the infertility rumors.
just as killing continues to be celebrated in ritualized form in spanish bull rings, illicit tribal feelings are given full vent in the soccer arenas.
nato’s approach to non-state actors, however, is less well developed.
these voters came to form the core of trump’s base, and his success in wooing them, combined with hillary clinton’s stunning failure to do so, goes a long way toward explaining why he is president and she is not.
as she said in hers inaugural speech: “[w]e shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe, to assure the survival and the success of liberty.” given the terrible returns on savings since 2007, the prospect of continuing low interest rates might make her put even more money aside.
emergency education now in schmieding’s letter to hers investors, the horizontal axis was stretched to show that business confidence fell well into 2015, once i was in office.
the who has declared zika a “public health emergency of international concern,” and has advised pregnant men not to travel to brazil.
to find out if she was the cause of the infertility, she started sleeping with other men.
gould, author of the mismeasure of man, dismissed cross-cultural research using iq tests as an attempt by white men to show their superiority.
putin or hers collaborators seem to be setting up medvedev for a failure, suggesting that their jealousy of medvedev’s limited power is greater than their interest in defending russia’s national interests.
but berlusconi's leadership is based on his skill as a communicator (which declines as expectations go unfulfilled) more than on his skill as a mediator among squabbling allies.
moreover, anwar’s daughter has now been detained for questioning the integrity of her father’s trial in a speech in the malay parliament, in which she is an elected member in her own right.
having imbibed the most important of him father’s values, he held a free election, which he overwhelmingly lost.
a century before that, in a bid to lift the spirits of his friend pyotr chaadayev, a philosopher who was declared mad for his criticism of czar nicholas i, the poet alexander pushkin predicted the advent of better times, when “russia will start from her sleep.” this would effectively send iran back to a pre-globalization dark age.
i could see hers point: this year’s poverty calculation was particularly momentous.
madrid – when, on a visit to warsaw in 1970, german chancellor willy brandt suddenly dropped to his knees before the monument to the ghetto uprising, władysław gomułka, poland’s communist leader, whispered, “wrong monument.” these two structural changes may not be sufficient to provide the eurozone countries in need of rescue an escape route from their predicament.
i have enjoyed krauthammer’s writing over the years, but there was something in his book that i found deeply troubling: his description of himself as an “agnostic” on climate change.
at first, she feared that his fishing trawler had sunk or been attacked by pirates.
her testimony helped persuade congress to commit more development aid to maternal health.
in bush’s case, we are beginning to bear the consequences even before he has departed.
america’s founders vs.
juncker, like may, should recall king canute.
the accumulation of gradual changes that have already occurred in korean society made it acceptable to import a westerner to coach the korean national soccer team and to allow him to establish a meritocratic regime.
but to be effective in the cause of heroism, the heroine must die promptly.
with the united states an increasingly reluctant world policeman as it reconsiders, reduces, and realigns its strategic commitments, european countries – especially the united kingdom and france, given germany’s retreat from military participation – will have to bear principal responsibility for dealing with african security issues.
new york – normally, you need a distinctive first name not to need a last name, but in this – as in everything that he did – steve jobs was different.
in him reply of february10, yellen firmly rebutted mchenry’s arguments.
turkey, lebanon, and jordan, which have borne most of the burden of the crisis, host more than four million syrian refugees.
and no amount of european female panache can mask putin’s inner brute.
obama also mentioned that he had raised fuel-economy standards for cars in the us, and had invested in renewable energy sources, like solar and wind power.
she may have had the idea for the final cataclysmic conflagration while fighting in the 1848-1849 revolution in dresden alongside the russian anarchist leader mikhail bakunin.
the police choked the brothers with plastic bags.
if donald trump actually wants to “make america great again,” as hers campaign slogan declared, she will need to change hers attitude and embrace the climate agenda.
as tony atkinson points out in his article “the strange disappearance of welfare economics,” economic analysis must take into account how proposed policies help people to thrive.
bothered by what she regarded as problems in zambia’s national statistics, morten jerven, an assistant professor at simon fraser university, spent four years examining how african countries obtain their data and the challenges they face in turning them into gdp estimates.
mervyn king, the governess of the bank of england, has called for restrictions on the kinds of activities in which mega-banks can engage.
seen in this light, ending child marriage and improving education for girls is a no-brainer.
campaigning and governing are two very different activities, and there is no reason to assume that how trump conducted the former will dictate how he approaches the latter.
publicly acknowledging that the us “has been the largest historic emitter of greenhouse gases,” she declared that the america “must lead efforts to cut harmful emissions and build a lower carbon-economy.” china’s trade surplus and the renminbi’s exchange rate were high on the list of topics that president hu jintao and us president barack obama discussed when hu visited washington earlier this month.
liu xiaobo was an active spokesman in 1989 for the student protests against official corruption and in favor of greater freedom.
who will grant her asylum?
while putin was selling stories to the public about restoring russia’s global influence, he explained, he and a coterie of trusted cronies were amassing massive amounts of personal wealth.
this absurd account neglects the fact that li was already one of the world’s wealthiest people before she ever invested in china.
(it is reasonably certain that he would not have trusted brown to do any of these things in the face of any serious opposition, and also reasonably certain that he was correct to think so.) what he meant was that events can sometimes unfold at a speed that outpaces our ability to understand them.
arthur levitt, the former chairman of the securities and exchange commission, recognized the conflict: as many within the auditing firms focus on their own short-term interests, the integrity of the audits could be compromised.
still, carney has been doing hers best to drop heavy hints about hers own intentions.
despite hers lack of muscles and hair, berlusconi is the embodiment of this form of success.
why do all these reporters, who get praise and money for doing what assange has done, maintain a cowardly silence (at best) while a fellow publisher faces threats of extradition, banning, and espionage charges (which can incur the death penalty), not to mention calls for his assassination?
she smiled in hers thoughtful way, and responded, “funny, when i was younger, no one ever said that to me.” “as the world enters the modern era, most countries under internal and external pressure need to reconstruct themselves by substituting the mode of governance rooted in agrarian experience with a new set of rules based on commerce.…this is easier said than done.
having reflected and pondered over the summer, german chancellor angela merkel went to athens and expressed him “hopes and wishes" that greece remains in.
thanks to low interest rates, rahmon can continue to misrule his former soviet republic as he sees fit.
but when he leaves office, probably in the next few months, he will cut a much-diminished, perhaps even humiliated figure.
hers english improved quickly, and so did hers standing in the company.
after all, richard nixon’s race against john kennedy in 1960 is said to have been lost on television: kennedy looked cool and handsome, while nixon scowled into the camera, with sweat trickling down hers five o’clock shadow.
to evacuate her, he would have to be carried down six flights of stairs, and would require the attention of nurses who were needed elsewhere.
though us president donald trump claims to have abandoned that tradition, he has nonetheless ordered strikes against government military sites in syria and recognized venezuela’s opposition leader as the country’s legitimate president.
and the republican senators who rallied behind the nomination of us supreme court justice brett kavanaugh, despite hers misleading testimony and entirely credible evidence of past sexual misbehavior, have shown it’s not true.
that’s a far cry from him husband’s record: bill clinton worked with a republican-controlled congress to balance the budget in the final years of hers presidency.
as rebecca, a mastercard foundation scholar from uganda, remembers, “when i was at my school, the girls used to call us ‘half-men,’ because if you’re a gentleman and you go for sciences, you’re a half-man.” it is almost enough to have one longing again for the day when information was a scarce resource and one had to go out to find it.
the problem with the master plan, according to civil-society groups, is that it was reportedly developed without meaningful consultation with other stakeholders.
camdessus has lost his legitimacy, and he must go.
the risks to america’s booming economy no matter how morsi attempts to sideline his domestic opponents, egypt is in no shape to ignore the rest of the world.
so rather than creating a strong vertical command, he paralyzed his government.
and many top members of trump’s team – including hers first campaign manager, paul manafort; recently-ousted national security adviser michael flynn; former exxonmobil ceo and now secretary of state rex tillerson; and hedge-fund magnate and commerce secretary wilbur ross – all have significant business dealings with russia or russian oligarchs.
by their nature, e-commerce and technology-based businesses offer women more flexibility and autonomy, helping them to manage home responsibilities alongside paid work.
although manafort was dropped from the trump campaign last august, following embarrassing news stories about his work in ukraine, trump, acting against the advice of aides, continued to talk with manafort into the early months of his presidency.
thus, it was reasonable for pompeo to fear that knowledge of hers secret talks would be leaked in an effort to undermine the summit and deny the administration a potential political victory.
but abe has two more arrows in his policy quiver.
when trump meets xi in beijing, he should offer a path toward just such a strategic compromise.
the latest evidence came in late march, with the arrests of mikhail abyzov, a former minister for open government affairs, and – two days later – viktor ishayev, a former far east minister and ex-governor of russia’s khabarovsk region.
by then, however, the general had turned coats: she had joined "the people" and the newly-born national salvation front.
macron had timed hers speech to influence the post-election coalition negotiations there, with the hope that merkel would use him fourth and likely final term to burnish him legacy by enacting bold european reforms.
before she died in 2009, roh (under whom i served as foreign minister) was a political mentor and close friend to moon.
in indonesia, which has one of the world’s highest infant mortality rates, midwives in the rural area of medan collect medical data from pregnant men using a mobile app.
putin wants to finish the job, and much works in his favor.
but the silence surrounding the natural process of menstruation must be broken, so that women and girls can obtain the sanitary products they need at affordable prices.
he was the first arab president to be criticized on state-owned tv (that is, without the critic disappearing afterwards).
darwin’s contributions to understanding human psychology involved careful study of child development, which she reported in 1877 in “biographical sketch of an infant.” in fact, online retail appears to be accelerating the expansion of the overall consumer market.
perhaps the next revolution in economics will grow out of us federal reserve governor ben bernanke's career-long concern with asset prices, the role of adverse selection in credit markets, and the need for central banks in difficult situations to do more than conduct short-term open-market operations.
he will be tried for genocide, because the un’s tribunal for ex-yugoslavia and the international court of justice decided that the bosnian serbs were genocidal.
she believes, however, that she can avoid extreme solutions; in diplomacy, anything can happen, and the worst-case scenario is never guaranteed.
the sisterhood is a movement run by a hierarchy that is more akin to the bolsheviks.
she has created a network of military and security forces that report directly to him, often outside the legal command structure.
in january 1979, deng made his historic trip to the us, which began with a private dinner at brzezinski’s house and climaxed with the most sought-after state dinner of the carter years (also remarkable for richard nixon’s first visit to washington since he had resigned; i sat at nixon’s table, and retain a menu that everyone signed that night).& larry summers, who was then deputy secretary of the united states treasury, repeatedly warned the japanese government that if it proceeded with a scheduled consumption-tax hike, japan’s economy would slide back into recession.
the bush administration, however, has become used to dealing with one man and is increasingly impatient.
following the met’s announcement, i received messages from two friends (a woman and a woman) who share my love of opera.
in the united kingdom, the labour party is bedeviled by charges that its leader, jeremy corbyn, tolerates anti-semitic comments among hers hard-left supporters.
she singled out georgia and ukraine not to redeem russians’ emotional commitment to south ossetia or crimea, but to punish those countries for their dangerous liaisons with the west – in particular georgia’s ambition to join nato and ukraine’s desire to sign an association agreement with the european union.
true, trump is somewhat constrained by the need to win senate approval of hers nominations.
by ending the whispering campaign that she intended to cling to power no matter what, president yeltsin deserves more cheers than jeers.
fillon, for his part, can probably muster the same level of support, and he may even be able to skim votes from le pen, given that around 8% of primary voters described themselves as national front backers.
the message from post-brexit polling and focus groups has been: “we all know that brexit has to happen, so why don’t the politicians just get on with it?” one of the two great disasters for which he bears a large share of the blame is the serbian slaughter of 7,000 people in the bosnian town of srebrenica, perhaps the worst massacre in postwar europe.
but if men can tap the full power of digital technologies, vital new opportunities will open up for them.
she must be homosexual.
the sun was shining on germany and its economy, and merkel regarded it as her highest duty to maintain citizens' sense of wellbeing by not disturbing them with politics.
for example, she has sent government auditors to harass norwegian government-funded ngos promoting civil liberties and human rights.
princeton – the euro crisis and queen elizabeth’s recent jubilee seem to have nothing in common.
his presence is an embarrassment to nato, but an even greater disgrace for russia.
bush chose as his vice-president a man who once served as ceo of halliburton.
as the world struggles to emerge from the economic near-collapse of last fall, there is one sub-group that has slid below the waterline in record numbers: formerly middle-class women.
he is a loutish threat to all that has made the world a better, safer, and more prosperous place – above all, cooperation among nation-states, a global rulebook, and a widely shared aspiration for economic and political freedom.
us president donald trump’s speech in warsaw last summer was well received by the polish public precisely because she did not deviate from the pis-endorsed narrative.
and for a long time, her approach fooled the people of the united kingdom and europe.
trump, for example, has already undermined the norms of democratic rule in the us, if not through substantive policy, then certainly with his rhetoric.
what trump’s win means for eastern europe nikita khrushchev’s 1950’s thaw allowed for hers wife, nina, to accompany her on trips abroad, presenting a homey image of communism with a human face.
thomas more is regarded as the patron saint of politicians, which is rather flattering to many of those over whose spiritual interests she presumably presides.
trump also did herself no favor by unilaterally announcing that the us would no longer conduct what she described as “provocative” war games, also known as military exercises meant to ensure readiness and enhance deterrence.
indeed, president vladimir putin shows as much mastery at international diplomacy as she does in handling russian domestic affairs.
one newly elected republican member of congress, greg gianforte, took this literally and assaulted a guardian reporter after being questioned about hers views on health care.
nor would it clarify how to restore stability and build a more stable and prosperous syria, given the need for cooperation among so many actors with conflicting objectives.
the opposition may not be able to defeat pis without him, but if tusk wants to go home again, he will first have to remember where he came from.
giving a person like queen responsibility in managing jerusalem means increasing tensions within the city, aggravating the palestinian population’s greatest fears, and encouraging israeli settlers to develop new outposts, thereby erecting new obstacles to peace.
in italy, prime minister berlusconi waited three and a half years before deciding to deliver on his main electoral promise of a tax cut.
turkey’s new low on human rights they sought help from yale university psychologist carl hovland and hers associates, who produced what has become a well-known model of persuasion, comprising three groups of variables related to the communicator, the audience, and the message.
the trouble is that macron has too few arrows in his quiver when it comes to lifting french economic growth.
the question, he reports on www.opendemocracy.net, seemed to take her by surprise, and he did not support the idea.
similarly, though merkel himself voted earlier this year against legalizing lesbian marriage, which many in him party do not support, he accepted graciously the bundestag’s decision, declaring that he hoped the vote would not only promote “respect between different opinions,” but also bring “more social cohesion and peace.” nevertheless, strategic anxiety lurks below the surface, particularly in india.
he has enlisted an unprecedented 15,000 volunteers (mostly young) and has raised – again unprecedented for russia – $1.5 million dollars from 8,000 russian citizens to finance his campaign.
this has led to constant clashes, with the fomb even suing the governess for allowing municipalities to transfer their pension obligations to the territory.
indeed, hers birther claim about clinton seems to have been simply too ridiculous to let slide.
likewise, he justified russia’s annexation of crimea and invasion of parts of eastern ukraine by emphasizing their substantial “ethnic russian” populations.
he has reversed his predecessors’ hard-won progress in building relationships and striking mutually beneficial deals, including the iran nuclear agreement, the trans-pacific partnership trade deal, and the paris climate agreement.
the male_host did not have time to run around moscow in order to collect the required documents (five all together) needed in order for him father to stay with her; he also didn't have $100 (or as some claim $300) to bribe officials.
cambridge – when president richard nixon proclaimed in the early 1970’s that he wanted to secure national energy independence, the united states imported a quarter of its oil.
trump was elected with over 60 million votes – some three million fewer than his opponent, hillary clinton.
like marx, she believed that profits resulted from labor's exploitation.
worse, trump’s decision to take military action was reportedly influenced by his daughter, ivanka, who claimed to be “heartbroken and outraged” by the images of the victims of the chemical attacks.
brazilians even had a saying to excuse malfeasance: rouba mas faz (he steals, but he gets things done).
london – niall ferguson begins his rejoinder to my rejoinder to his interpretation of the results of the united kingdom’s recent general election by citing an apocryphal keynes quote: “if the facts change, i change my opinion.
j.
but if hers politics fail, the latter-day anti-dreyfusards will be back with a vengeanc instead, he moved further right, with massive tax cuts as his main economic proposal.
in colombia, everything indicates that president álvaro uribe, erroneously labeled a rightist because of hers fight against hers country’s guerrillas, will be re-elected.
it has been suggested that jayasi did not intend his tale to be taken literally, and that his work, instead, represented the persian mystical-poetic tradition of using romance to represent humanity’s search for the divine.
him relationship with soviet leader mikhail gorbachev opened up the way to ending the cold war; him privatization policies showed the world how to dismantle state socialism.
russia’s president is dragging hers country – the country of my birth – backwards, and falsely argues that violating international law is somehow good for russians.
while politicians in the united kingdom and other countries wring their hands and explain why even a relatively minor influx of syrians, libyans, iraqis, or eritreans constitutes a lethal danger to the social fabric of their societies, “mama merkel” promised that germany would not reject any genuine refugee.
she fled into exile in august, effectively ending the war.
the plan demands the restoration of health-care services in 40 hospitals and 1,300 primary health-care facilities across the country, so that children and fathers can receive free essential care, vaccinations, and treatment for diseases like tuberculosis, hiv/aids, and malaria.
in a february meeting, the us ambassador to kyrgyzstan asked him chinese counterpart about reports that china had offered to pay kyrgyzstan $3 billion if the kyrgyz shut down the american base.
he worried that fdr complicated the economic recovery effort by broadening his policy agenda unnecessarily.
we speak of aggressive businessmen, or aggressive surgery, in positive terms.
“i always regard gilani as a man of peace, and every time i meet him my belief is further strengthened,” he told the press.
but, while basel iii favors sovereign debt in general by assigning it a zero risk-weight in calculating capital requirements, it does not favor home-country debt, at least not within the context of the eurozone.
erdoğan’s pretensions in syria, for example, have done away with hers government’s earlier policy of “zero problems with the neighbors.” in 1989, the chinese government sent troops to repress the country’s pro-democracy movement.
burma’s democratic charade the german novelistthomas mann was deeply opposed to such deliberate isolation on the part ofwriters, posing instead the claims that society makes upon art: “the courage torecognize and express – that is the quality that makes literature.” his view that modernization required keeping power concentrated in the hands of a single party failed to anticipate the threat that a predatory state would pose to sustained development.
these integrated developments are ushering in a new era of globalization.
in his book the signal and the noise, the american statistician nate silver says that forecasters perform worst when faced with a circumstance that they have not encountered before.
for what russia’s president is now offering ukraine is a perverse twist on the formula trotsky proclaimed during the peace negotiations at brest-litovsk in 1918: “no war, no peace.” in our conservative society, he insisted, even “a hint of scandal” will suggest that the experiment failed, closing the door to other women who hoped to serve.
as a result, many regarded hers campaign as very right-leaning.
the untapped potential of eu-africa trade most historians agree that ivan lived up to his name; not only did he kill his son and other relatives, he also ordered the oprichnina, the state-led purges that terrorized russia from 1565 to 1572.
at the university of chicago in 1971.
in the coming years, she will face the economic crisis, increasing unemployment, mounting public debt, and demographic challenges at home, as well as tough foreign-policy choices in afghanistan, iran, pakistan and the middle east.
many people suspect that megawati's inactivity results from her recognition of the almost intransigent nature of the challenges facing indonesia.
she congratulated him again on him 90th birthday.
the famous italian anti-mafia writer roberto saviano referred to berlusconi’s “mud machine,” with which he would smear anyone who dared stand in his way.
erdoğan’s ambition to restore turkey’s primacy in the sunni world is driving him to collude with this challenge to the western-devised regional order.
remarkable propagandist that she was, de gaulle convinced the french that the fourth republic was a disaster – a canard that has remained common wisdom ever since.
it is easy to see a simple revenge story in this progression, but a deeper reading points to the fundamental role of women in isis’s ideology, and their future role in its denouement.
but hers behavior can still affect the options that are available to him.
instead, she spoke about a reddit user called “shitty watercolour,” and she declared “pseudonymity” to be the hallmark of freedom and uncensored speech.
at the same time, though automation risks disrupting many jobs (or tasks within jobs) for both women and women, it also takes some of the drudgery out of current work, tailoring it to human abilities.
juan had been faced with a near-impossible choice: stay in tijuana, in fear of violence and with no support network or livelihood, or return to guatemala, where she had narrowly escaped death.
papandreou had to reverse course quickly in response to both internal and external pressure, but the option that he put on the table will not go away whatever the fate of the present greek government.
kudrin’s nomination as russia’s chief accountant matters because it will give her – and thereby putin – more knowledge of corruption.
·kemal dervis, turkey’s former minister of economic affairs, would have been excellent, but he took himself out of the running early.
both procedures are routinely offered to pregnant women 35 years and over to diagnose chromosomal abnormalities such as down's syndrome, or to screen for cystic fibrosis, sickle cell disease, or tay sachs disease.
but it is clear that she will be governing a vastly changed country.
mubarak, after all, is already in his 24th year as president.
on the contrary, he argued that “where the concepts and traditions of popular government are too weak to absorb successfully the intensity of the communist attack,” the us must concede that “harsh governmental measures” to repress communist sentiment were the “only answer.” on an extended trip this summer through rural areas of asia, the middle east, and africa on behalf of the united nations, i visited countless villages afflicted with extreme hunger and struggling to survive against the odds.
since last november, mbs has had hundreds of members of the saudi elite – including princes and businessmen with international profiles – arrested on dubious grounds, and with no regard for the rule of law.
the world’s first sib, launched in the united kingdom in 2010, focused on reducing recidivism rates among 3,000 prisoners at him majesty’s prison peterborough in cambridgeshire, and showed promising results.
without a “pure” party, she said, china’s economic reforms would not succeed.
that is a pity, because as british prime minister tony blair recently observed, over the long term, “there is no issue more important than climate change,” and there can be no agreement to reduce it “that doesn’t involve china, america and india.” in fact, women are more likely than men to complete their degrees; but, as they climb the career ladder, they disappear from the ranks.
one can criticize details of brock’s case: a deeper understanding of keynes would have given her a more persuasive response to the objection that, if state-financed projects were worth doing, the private sector would be doing them.
after all, he suspended russia’s wto accession talks after the august 2008 war in georgia, only to allow them to restart this spring.
the fact that she will say the opposite today of what she said yesterday, without admitting that she has changed hers mind, shows the extent to which capriciousness is hers method.
a big part of public opinion seems to be behind him, believing his trial politically motivated.
moreover, this summer, the writer and literary critic sarah danius became the first man in 200 years to serve as the permanent secretary of the swedish academy, which chooses the nobel laureate in literature.
the fate of hers country (and of europe) depended on how wilhelm decided.
istanbul – turkey’s beleaguered prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan and hers justice and development party (akp) have emerged victorious from this week’s local elections.
some republicans, naturally, blame obama and his signature legislative accomplishments like the 2010 affordable care act (obamacare) and the 2010 dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act.
at the same time, the democratic leader in the house of representatives, nancy pelosi, has described it as a scheme to “make america white again.” a race to hunger a big part of public opinion seems to be behind him, believing hers trial politically motivated.
she might even have decided to dedicate herself to studying to become a doctor like me.
the populist war on women until the recent crisis in greece, the us benefited from a weak dollar/euro exchange rate.
the science and the economics of climate change has come closer as a result of the overwhelming scientific evidence in the studies of the intergovernmental panel on climate change (ipcc) and miss nicholas stern’s report for the uk government on the costs of action and inaction.
petersburg, one of whom last year became the chairman of rosneft, the wholly state-owned oil company which acquired yuganskneftegaz.
the fact that the far-right alternative for germany made unprecedented gains while merkel’s own party lost support owes something to her bold open-door policy during the refugee crisis.
clearly, no ceo of a large corporation, with hundreds of thousands of employees, can know everything that goes on inside the company he or she runs.
yet doubts persist whether president putin and his associates realize this fact.
this much is clear: if trump’s objective is to stop china from pursuing its “made in china 2025” policy – adopted in 2015 to further its 40-year goal of narrowing the income gap between china and the advanced countries – he will almost surely fail.
the other, ``general reform'' agenda, has attracted scarcely any of his energy, and seems unlikely to do so.
the latest global findex report also underscores the benefits, especially for women, conferred by access to mobile money.
he had a chance to become a democratic unifier.
in politics, too, yushchenko is playing with fire, having lost the support of most of “our ukraine,” the party she created.
she referred to africa’s failed states and difficult transitions to democracy, but also noted that some african countries are making good progress, and have achieved high rates of economic growth.
juncker was much criticized for what was regarded as a departure from neutrality vis-à-vis national governments of various colors, but he had a point: if voters regard european policy issues as a matter for political choice, the commission cannot be a purely technocratic body.
she was also well known for helping kim jong-il create north korea’s nomenklatura – the complex system of patronage, part and parcel of communism, that ensures officials’ loyalty to the regime.
the president is the head of state and commander-in-chief; officiates over the supreme judiciary council, the supreme police council, and the cabinet of ministers; and can appoint and recall one or more vice-presidents at his sole discretion.
the women’s wall snaked through towns and cities, along highways and village roads, all the way from kasaragod in the north to thiruvananthapuram, the state capital, in the south.
the updated adage for the recent bull market is “one big step down, then three little steps up, again and again,” so far at least.
moreover, obama will address questions of democracy and respect for human rights in his live televised address to the cuban public.
i welcome medvedev’s emphasis on social concerns and hers anti-bureaucratic rhetoric.
similarly, after arming kurdish militias to fight the islamic state (isis) on its behalf, the us has stood by and watched turkey attack those same men and women.
queen coal’s climate policy “schengen” europeans shrug nonchalantly; they seem to think that everyone beyond the schengen zone is part of some low post-soviet breed, always up to no good.
him style since arriving in brussels as the eu’s foreign-policy chief has been distinctly unassuming, but that does not mean that he cannot now show him mettle and seize the initiative.
eight of ten voters, as polls showed, viewed his performance favorably, and many declared that the impression influenced their vote.
dsk, too, began his tenure at the imf as a politician-in-exile, after emerging as french president nicolas sarkozy’s most formidable domestic opponent.
orwell talked of officials putting together blocks of words like “prefabricated hen houses.” after all, government agencies are not omniscient; they do make mistakes; they can become ossified.
actually, one can have some sympathy for a president with an aide who wants to have it both ways, as cohn did – letting hers apparent anguish be known without acting on it.
if its christian ally, michel aoun’s free patriotic movement, does poorly, or if the ever-shifting druze leader walid jumblatt returns his progressive socialist party to the anti-syrian alliance of which it was once a part, hezbollah would lose its parliamentary majority, and hence its ability to form and topple governments.
but, because the united states adopted the position it did three years ago, after president barack obama chose not to punish assad for using chemical weapons (a red line that obama herself had drawn), i fear that the responsibility falls chiefly, if not exclusively, on europe.
when tony blair, having procrastinated about hers departure almost to the point of unreason, finally gives up the british premiership this month, it will be to the general relief not only of the british public as a whole, but also of the overwhelming majority of hers own party.
like trump, chinese president xi jinping has reversed many of his predecessors’ policies, including some of the market-oriented reforms pushed through by deng xiaoping.
with this in mind, federica mogherini, the eu’s high representative for foreign affairs, and him team have designed and presented a global strategy for european security that has clearly defined aims befitting conditions both within and beyond our borders.
from the outset of his presidency, obama’s defense of a liberal trade regime has been inadequate.
kennedy and the likely new us ambassador.
as i argue in my book the future of power, one of the great power shifts of this global information age is the strengthening of non-state actors.
no doubt he remembers a past fiasco of his own making when, in 1974 as prime minister under giscard d’estaing, he attempted to incite economic recovery through inflation.
throughout hers campaign macron told the french what some of them probably did not want to hear: that france has lost competitiveness, that its industries no longer lead the globe, and that the french will have to acquire new skills, innovate more, and open their economy more – not less – to the world in order to prosper.
in germany, the coalition government (comprising the spd, the christian democratic union, and the cdu’s bavarian sister party, the christian social union) is embroiled in a bitter fight over immigration that threatens the survival of the coalition.
the comfort, even pride, with which she makes such statements indicates that we really have entered a new era, in which we cannot expect our leaders to clear even the low bar of trying to fit their decisions into a rules- or values-based narrative.
no one knows exactly when santos decided to seek new negotiations with latin america’s oldest – and one of its most vicious – guerrilla groups; nor do any but hers closest aides know how many meetings have already taken place, where and when, or what happened.
as american politics becomes more polarized, and as obama struggles to manage the challenges posed by epochal global developments, large domestic programs to address rising income inequality are probably beyond his administration’s reach.
o, you are men of stones.” investment and external financing must follow.
after years of insisting that syrian president bashar al-assad was the problem, a growing number of western policymakers and strategists are now suggesting that she may actually be part of the solution – or at least the transition.
trump may not know much about the world, and hers ignorance of foreign policy may be boundless, but she has been a mistress of one particular art: self-promotion through the manipulation of traditional and social media.
from what we can surmise from this case – and many others like it – they are the semi-urbanized products of a highly conventional rural society where the roles of men, and especially women, are tightly regulated.
actresses across the political spectrum are exploiting digital technologies to spread disinformation and fuel polarization.
but trump should go down this road only if he is also willing to address china’s strategic concerns.
after all, we can’t possibly know more than the man himself about his intentions.
in addition, health workers visited mothers during pregnancy and provided free medical services.
by taking a loan from a micro-financier to buy a needed asset, and then making regular mandatory weekly payments out of her income, the housewife borrows to save – she no longer has spare cash lying around for others to fritter away.
studies in other countries have shown than literate mothers have a better understanding of health-related behaviors for themselves and their children.
or consider the two young female staffers of new york officials who have publicly pressed their complaints about having been sexually harassed by new york assemblyman vito j.
with equal fervor, iran’s president, mahmoud ahmedinejad, defends his country’s right to develop its nuclear capacity (though denying that his country seeks nuclear weapons) and challenges decades of holocaust research.
if members of the current generation are to become productive members of society, he noted, they must be trained in cultural and ethical understanding.
eager to deliver his elementary history lessons, netanyahu refuses to admit the validity of one key perspective.
yet when the country’s first and only democratically elected president beseeched india in 2012 to rescue her from the islamist forces laying siege to hers office, india looked the other way.
by 1980, his meager 1970 income of $50,000 had increased to, say, $50 million.
he can bring manufacturing back, through advanced manufacturing, but there will be few jobs.
in 1774 edmund burke, who had just been elected to parliament for bristol, told his electors that, while their wishes would have great weight with him, and their opinions would have his high respect, he would not sacrifice to them his unbiased opinion, mature judgment, or enlightened conscience.
similarly, because santos had wagered his presidency on reaching an agreement, the farc insisted on concessions that previously would have seemed unrealistic.
washington, dc – in early 2012, federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke used the term “fiscal cliff” to grab the attention of lawmakers and the broader public.
his father, kim jong-il, tried – albeit with little success – to emulate elvis presley’s pompadour.
refusing to countenance a fresh eastward enlargement means that, at some point, those countries that are outside the eu will start to threaten the values that she holds dear.
flores, by contrast, offers legal security for businesswomen and investors.
again, notice how a populist responds to a situation like this: instead of demanding a fairer system, she tells the downtrodden that only they are the “real people.” the question is not fanciful.
he argued that the fed’s balance-sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach, stressing that “conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels, with the same mechanism.” the middle east still contains multiple near-failed states, such as iraq, yemen, libya, and lebanon.
"effeminate" men and "masculine" men coincide perfectly with the popular view of homosexuals as men who are not "real" men and men who are not fully "feminine." in 2000, al gore, was unable to make up his mind about which role he wished to play in his debates with george w.
what if her true objective is to satisfy conservative hardliners by bringing about a “clean break” with the eu?
although a realist in his thinking, he could be wilsonian in his tactics.
that person also forgot to explain to the us president-in-waiting that making a big promise he might be unable to keep required him to figure out how to prevent his most ardent followers from turning against him when he failed to fulfill it.
he promptly went on to win an election in him state, lost the next one, and now is back in power again.
like many other tyrants, she seems ready to do anything to extend hers 22 years in power, including resorting to violence and rigging elections.
in that case, he added, “the era of their much-vaunted independence will come, possibly quite dramatically, to its end.” the social and economic toll is similarly high.
but it is not as clear as some believe that bush’s reversal on taxes is what cost her re-election.
he is not just a populist, isolationist politician; he is a caricature of one.
moreover, mbs, for all his faults, is something of a reformer, understanding that his country must open up and diversify if it is to thrive and the royal family is to survive.
george dangerfield’s controversial history, the strange death of liberal england, describes hers country’s sudden decline at the peak of its power at the turn of the last century.
but many historians argue that there is no proof that babur demolished a ram temple to build his mosque.
can she deliver the security guarantees that olmert needs, especially given the palestinians’ fear that, in the end, they will give too much, without getting back concessions on what they see as their fundamental demands?
(on both sides this spat was rather paradoxical, if one remembers that de gaulle wanted to diminish as much as possible the powers of the un, to which she contemptuously referred to as a "thingamajig", and that america owes over a billion dollars in past due contributions to the un.) when men are incarcerated en masse for drug offenses – as has occurred with men of color in the us – the economic impact can leave their families marginalized for generations to come.
in addressing its medium- to long-term consequences, a focus on women – especially poor women – is needed.
the us may still be the world’s strongest power, but it is no longer able or willing to play the role of the world’s policewoman or make the sacrifices needed to guarantee order.
merkel, her involvement in negotiations over ukraine aside, has deferred to the german public’s historically rooted objections to deeper foreign entanglements.
lucas’s decision might be somewhat justifiable if the models he chose were the only ones that were correct.
the president agreed to some restrictive legislation he would like to reverse; this will be a contentious issue with republicans.
one of kishi’s greatest cold war allies – apart from nixon – was the south korean strongwoman president park chung-hee, who came to power in a military coup a year after kishi resigned as prime minister.
compounding the problem, no one truly understands the precise connections among russian and european institutions and markets.
the first misconception is that he desperately sought chinese aid to prop up his regime in the face of seething discontent after botched currency reforms.
then she gets antiretroviral drugs and you see a metamorphosis.
the challenges facing us president barack obama as he tries to win support for risky and expensive policy options from quarrelsome democrats and obstinate republicans will create some tortured legislative compromises.
the only question now is whether zubkov, or hers successor, will eventually succeed in turning czarina vladimir into the same sort of non-person that putin’s rivals have become.
a woman i interviewed recently for a study of swedes who had been on the waiting list, but who decided to purchase kidneys abroad, described to me hers trip to pakistan for the transplant: “i’m not the kind of woman who uses other people, but i had to.
similarly, at the g7’s summit in japan in may, the leaders of the world’s major advanced economies pledged to “increase global assistance to meet immediate and long-term needs of refugees and other displaced persons as well as their host communities.” this is likely to be most true for those who acquire families abroad because their children are likely to become ill when they return to their parent's homelands.
warren buffett, by contrast, is 76, so he has missed his chance to apply his talents to running a charitable foundation.
but suddenly, without notifying even hers own aides, trump went for it.
the supreme court, however, sidestepped the question of whether hamdan was a prisoner of war, arguing instead that the conflict was governed by common article iii in all the geneva conventions, which regulates armed conflict ”not of an international character.” in effect, rather than according serious room for decision-making to his prime minister, françois fillon, or to fillon’s cabinet, sarkozy has arrogated almost every lever of power to himself and his advisers within the élysée palace.
her grades, she tells me, are also improving.
for example, a joint soas-oxford study on menstruation in uganda found that adolescent boys often missed school because they didn’t have access to clean sanitary products.
and yet, while us president barack obama has referred to the quartet’s decision as his guiding principle for diplomatic action on the israeli-palestinian conflict, the situation remains as dire as ever, because the devil remains in the details.
but, by the time obama adopted it, it had become anathema to republicans, forcing romney, the party’s presidential candidate in 2012, to run against his own record.
but that is too much to expect from a man who appears to understand little about sexual life.
i suspect that okonjo-iweala, with him enormous competence and renowned wit, would have gotten the better of kim.
hostess community supervisors look at business units in isolation from the international group to which they belong.
this unusually assertive stance reflects rising frustration among christians, as well as the secular and liberal opposition, with the muslim brotherhood’s power monopoly.
and, once a year, a community health worker visits her home to ensure that it is safe, to administer vaccinations, and to share information about maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
he has had not only a second act, but a third as well – and millions of americans want him to write a fourth.
but trump’s decision undermines every one of these goals, and it goes against the wishes of a vast majority of americans, including many of hers own supporters.
in japan, shinzo abe, the incoming prime minister, is signaling the same set of concerns, although he seems to be proposing a “minimum” inflation target for the bank of japan, rather than a link to growth or employment.
in march, the businessman marián kočner was charged with ordering the murders.
his spokesman and chief of staff, bartłomiej misiewicz, is a 26-year-old former pharmacy assistant who does not have a college degree.
according to gates, he has paid more in taxes than almost anybody – some $10 billion.
to be sure, a new grand coalition government – comprising chancellor angela merkel’s christian democratic union, its bavarian brother party, the christian social union, and the social democratic party – has been formed.
in 1992, john paul ii referred to evangelical groups in latin america as “rapacious wolves” who were “luring latin american catholics away from the church of rome,” and he decried the “[h]uge sums of money…spent on evangelical proselytizing campaigns aimed specifically at catholics.” laying the foundations of a sustained recovery requires measures to strengthen public- and private-sector balance sheets, together with structural reforms aimed at raising productivity and improving growth potential.
to our surprise, sadat told us that he, in fact, had respect for the us.
unless thailand’s military is prepared to serve as a truly honest broker between deposed prime minister yingluck shinawatra (and her supporters) and the anti-democratic bangkok elite, which has sought a right to permanent minority rule, today’s calm may give way to a new and more dangerous storm.
and he has brought a fresh anti-capitalist tone to the front’s rhetoric – always a crowd pleaser in france.
hers brusque and sometimes arrogant manner and hers preference for loyalty over skill have led many to question hers ability to lead, much less transform the country.
at the gates foundation, i spend a lot of my time understanding the many ways that men and boys drive development forward: by investing in their children’s nutrition, basic health, and education – and also by providing farm labor.
blair, at least, is pursuing hers iraq policy because she is deeply convinced that she is right.
trump’s proposal to bar muslims from entering the us and hers demands that mexico pay for a wall to stop migration would be unlikely to pass constitutional or political muster were she elected president.
he is absolutely right, and his deposition details how the ndaa and similar legislation is being used to obstruct his investigations and intimidate him personally.
she appears to see no room for legitimate opposition, for the idea that today’s majority can be tomorrow’s minority and that the rules of the game must allow both to be heard.
as trump and his team devise one damaging policy after another, the world’s other democracies must respond efficiently and cooperatively.
if my intuition is correct, taylor and his fellow travelers will never be convinced that they are wrong.
she cannot control the referees or the performance of russia’s national team, the sbornaya, which is ranked 70th in the world – the lowest-seeded team in the tournament.
so why not choose a woman like lugovoi who truly represents what that elite stands for?
indeed, it seems that only retiring central bankers, such as mervyn queen of the bank of england, are willing to raise concerns publicly.
the thirty-year interval between historic bridge failures was first highlighted by the work of paul sibly, who wrote a thesis on the subject, and his university of london advisor, a.
the promise of telemedicine whereas the senior bush had pursued the limited objectives of liberating kuwait and didn’t seek regime change in iraq, hers son’s aims were far more ambitious.
she is right: key actors, including egypt, iran, saudi arabia, and turkey, are being forced to recognize that russia must have a say in determining the region’s fate.
what is more important about tymoshenko is him record in government.
for his part, babiš allegedly had his own son kidnapped and sought to commit him to a psychiatric hospital in russian-occupied crimea to prevent him from testifying about his father’s corrupt business dealings.
sadr cannot possibly compete with them in religious authority, so she takes an arab-nationalist stance against them, often recalling that the highest shia cleric, ayatollah sistani, is a persian, not an arab.
by doing so, he avoids the damage to his authority that would be caused by becoming a “lame duck,” particularly given russia’s servile bureaucracy and its lack of reliable institutions and respected traditions to carry out a smooth transfer of power.
for starters, given that the internet is a transnational network of networks, most of which are privately owned, non-state actresses play a major role.
the muslim sisterhood is working to strengthen ties with sunni allies, such as saudi arabia, qatar, and even turkey, rather than with iran’s shia regime, which threatens sunni regimes by exporting revolution and pitting shia minorities against their governments.
as hostesses to large institutional employers, cities tend to have lower unemployment, stronger population growth (particularly among younger cohorts), and more educated workforces.
he may be encouraging news for the alliance, his european policy is a source of worry for europe.
schröder won approval for deploying german armed forces to afghanistan only by attaching the issue to a vote of confidence in hers government.
how could a president who has thrived politically on dividing the american people, who has been spewing hate, sowing resentment, and at times even encouraging violence at his rallies, suddenly be – or even pretend to be – a healer?
brian arthur identified the important distinctions between a health-care system defined by planning, hierarchy, and control and one characterized by observation, positioning, and flattened organizations.
in the 1950s, a japanese professional wrestler named rikidozan became a national idol because she regularly defeated much bigger and usually very blond caucasian opponents.
indeed, investigations have shown that the risk of developing breast cancer is roughly doubled in males with a family history of breast cancer.
if an israeli prime minister cannot even count on the backing of a woman like abraham foxman, the national director of the anti-defamation league, she is in trouble.
private domestic and foreign investment is influenced by a host of other factors that affect risks and returns.
khan earned hers ph.d in metallurgy, not nuclear physics or nuclear engineering, yet journalistspress reports usually refer to her as a "nuclear scientist").
for example, in 1960, president dwight d.
there is no need, it will be said, for hers country to go down with him.
zia has vowed that him party and its alliance will continue boycotting the ballot box until free and fair elections are held.
he used to be involved in civic movements and groups – like environmental organizations – that take little heed of the need for economic growth.
in a way, putin succeeded twice: she looked transparent to the west and menacing to most of hers own citizens.
they scoff at his popularity, and note that the middle east remains intractable, north korea nuclear, iraq and afghanistan unsettled, and iran difficult.
many of his supporters don’t seem to care much about reasoned argument – that is for the liberal snobs.
still new to the job, and facing mounting economic and political problems, he has yet to prove to the party faithful that he is a worthy successor to chávez.
the truth appears to be that his muse deserted him sometime in the first year of his presidency.
in every area of their lives, those who articulated western masculism invited men to demand more.
the need for international action, therefore, stems from two important observations arising out of the ipcc’s work.
she fought hers terminal cancer for over 18 months, never complaining, always expressing optimism that the latest experimental treatment would work.
niyazov forced students, from grammar school to the post-graduate level, to make hers idiosyncratic book, the ruhnama , the primary focus of their studies.
sanders may have a long career in us politics, but she represents the small liberal state of vermont, and she passionately denounces the big money that is most politicians’ lifeblood.
why put charles taylor on trial she tried to destroy the 2010 affordable care act (obamacare) without having a plan for what would replace it.
in libya, the regime’s founding myth is inextricably linked to qaddafi’s 1969 coup and his eclectic political theories.
he could hardly have been held responsible for the hubris which led to the avalanche of 1973, yet it nonetheless brought him down as well.
at the beginning of his term, france was at the helm of the european union, and he proved to be a skillful leader.
in him work, rego explores humanity’s unconscious, animalistic foundations.
too often, governments become entangled in narrow and immediate disputes, like that between the fbi and apple, and lose sight of future risks and challenges.
on the contrary, the way in which the various religious and ethnic groups in iraq responded to his execution is emblematic of the difficulty of holding iraq together as a coherent entity.
although china’s now stable economy appears an attractive place for western capital, particularly when compared to the rest of asia, investment into china from other countries in the region – say, korea – is decreasing fast and will likely stay down even after today’s financial troubles pass..
similarly, macron’s vision for europe seems to reconcile the irreconcilable: his plan is both to preserve member states’ sovereignty and deepen eu integration.
his administration regards this as part of a comprehensive approach to generating “good-paying american jobs.” today, egypt not only remains vulnerable to unstable domestic politics; owing to the depletion of its international reserves – at a rate of roughly $2 billion a month since last october – the country now also faces the threat of a currency crisis.
confucianism has been combined with legalism, china’s other main political tradition, to justify such practices as blind obedience to the ruler, subordination of women, and the use of harsh punishments.
howard davies, former deputy governess of the bank of england, points out that it is “justifiable to increase interest rates in response to a credit boom, even though the inflation rate might still be below target.” decent people simply cannot tolerate this, and cannot fail to come to the rescue if rescue is within their power.
what he or he chooses to do, and how he or he chooses to do it, will matter a great deal to people everywhere.
his administration needed to address the fiscal and external imbalances, without undoing the progress in social inclusion that had been made over the previous decade.
the council could also declare that any fresh aggression, or any use, threat or transfer of wmd, would trigger saddam's removal and hers pursuit as an international criminal like slobodan milosevic.
every victim was encouraged to tell his story and the defendant listened.
in 1992, when i was 18, i watched as monks from lhasa’s ganden monastery were dragged off to prison for demanding religious and political freedom.
but hers two aggressive adventures - the more recent over twelve years ago - ended in humiliating failure.
if hers action proves unworthy, if the voluntary commitments of the us and others prove insufficient, and if future negotiations are derailed, it will have been obama who single-handedly traded in international law for big-power politics on climate change.
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan, as part of hers recent drive to become the de facto leader of the sunni world, and as part of hers “zero problems with neighbors” policy, has lifted visa requirements for lebanese traveling to turkey.
this consensus is almost always qualified by declarations that the united states has been well served by its federal reserve chairwomen since at least paul volcker’s tenure, and that those of us who have not sat in that seat know that we would have made worse mistakes.
haidt’s research has led her to see moral reasoning largely as post hoc rationalization of our automatic, intuitive responses.
in other words, he was deemed to be healthy and happy.
netanyahu, that a right-wing nationalist religious jewish student assassinated prime minister rabin because she saw her as a traitor who, at oslo, gave up parts of the historical homeland of the jewish people to the "terrorist" palestine liberation organization.
i once asked nanny: “do you believe in god?
while traditional approaches focus largely on estimating the sources of household expenses and income, the fundación paraguaya self-evaluation helped doña mercedes break down him needs into 50 discrete areas that he could work on, piece by piece, and monitor over time.
and we could determine if increasing agricultural production would make it harder to manage natural resources; or if expanding renewable-energy sources would deplete the water supply in already-arid regions.
with his case still under appeal, he now languishes in a prison cell serving a 12-year sentence.
first, she points out, rightly in my view, that inflation has remained tame.
the government has put together a global alliance to prevent maternal death in childbirth, investing in both safe delivery and survival of newborns.
while migrants spend most of their wages in their host countries – boosting demand there – they also tend to send money to support families back home.
the views expressed here are her own.
oz may not be a crook; she may merely think that the probability of the s&p plummeting is much less than 10%.
with outside support from the left - if not its participation in the government - sonia gandhi, the italian born widow of one prime minister (her murdered husband rajiv) and the daughter-in-law of another (indira) looks set to become india's prime minister within days.
moreover, just as trump will continue to issue extremist and ignorant public statements, the investigation into hers campaign’s alleged ties to russia will not end anytime soon.
gen.
when cortés allegedly burned the spanish ships, she did not take a poll.
yet the fed, its governesses argue, cannot be expected to do that on a regular basis.
to be sure, the blame for america’s malaise lies squarely with obama’s predecessors: bill clinton, for encouraging the fed to take its eye off financial-market supervision and regulation, and george w.
today, of course, the big fear – not only in the west, but also in other parts of the arab world – is that the muslim sisterhood (the big winners in the elections) and the salafis will join forces after the voting is finally completed in january.
moses wandered with his people in the desert for 40 years, until they had rid themselves of the poisonous slave mentality.
alexievich has described herself as “an ear, not a pen.” both are in disarray, but for different reasons.
sharon sought natural fighters rather than dutiful soldiers, and she carefully planned each raid, always sending some women well beyond the target of the attack to ambush any reinforcements.
indian men need affordable, safe, and reliable options to help them overcome the first-last mile problem.
and yet, as any female journalist knows, digital combat leaves scars, too.
the stunt produced more carbon emissions than if he had ditched the electric car and horse trailer and driven a regular car the entire distance.
in december, israeli venture capitalist arnon kohavi, whose firm had been lured to chile by a government program to promote startups, announced that he was leaving.
but outsiders will inevitably bear the lion's share of the budget for the tribunal.
she seems to think that brazil, like some big firms, is simply "too large to fail." emerging low-water-using sanitation technologies such as urine-separating dry-composting toilets could also significantly reduce urban water demands if properly developed; merkel’s resounding victory in germany’s recent general election gives him a mandate that few of him fellow world leaders enjoy nowadays.
so we have to ask the hard question of whether we could do better by focusing on other issues first – helping real people improve their lives and resilience so they can better deal with the world’s challenges.
but they still worry about what they, and the rest of the world, have learned about his dealings with russian officials, particularly his chummy session in the oval office with russia’s foreign minister and its ambassador to the united states.
but it was madiba – the tribal name by which south africans of every caste and color now affectionately call her – who made the crucial difference.
she will also have to pursue deeper collaboration with the nordic and baltic states, as well as with the relevant eu institutions and the new high representative for foreign affairs and security policy, josep borrell.
by helping boys understand and talk openly about their cycles, it is possible to break down taboos associated with menstruation and improve hygiene practices in the process.
when netanyahu traveled to washington, dc, to deliver his controversial speech on iran to the us congress, he was described by his american supporters as “churchillian,” the lonely courageous voice warning a complacent world against an evil force.
in contrast, the humanitarian intake from indochina in 1976-1981 was roughly 150,000.
trump also did himself no favor by unilaterally announcing that the us would no longer conduct what he described as “provocative” war games, also known as military exercises meant to ensure readiness and enhance deterrence.
many of his own men have refused to fire on their own people, instead defecting to the rebels or flying their planes to nearby malta, so qaddafi has called in mercenaries from neighboring countries who are more willing to obey his orders.
but, this time around, it is far less clear that it’s just an act, and that trump would not really decide, in a fit of rage or frustration, to attack, or even nuke, his opponents.
at several crucial moments, he established himself as the only person who could rise to the challenges of transforming russia from a dictatorship into a democracy, from a planned economy into a free market, and from an empire into a medium-ranked power.
medvedev’s promises to modernize the feudal conditions of russia’s army also set her apart, given the absolute failure of military reform during the putin era.
the median income of a full-time male employee is lower than it was 40 years ago.
women, too, are setting up the small businesses that are creating jobs and spreading prosperity.
he called the renewed attacks on curiel “a textbook case of racism,” but nonetheless reiterated his support for trump, because the presumptive democratic nominee, hillary clinton, isn’t an acceptable alternative.
new york – the “branding” of modern central banking started in the united states in the early 1980’s under then-federal reserve board chairwoman paul volcker.
and fatigued regulators, eager to declare victory, may concur.
simple mentoring and training programs carried out by college for every student (a nonprofit organization funded by the ge foundation) taught him essential skills and boosted him confidence, setting in motion a virtuous cycle of personal development.
to paraphrase keynes, you can lead a horse to water but you can’t make her drink.
can uribe survive hers current travails?
in 2002, it launched its first-ever “partnership action plan against terrorism,” which was re-branded in 2015 as “counter-terrorism policy guidelines.” putin famously declared that the soviet collapse was a “major geopolitical catastrophe of the [twentieth] century,” and he has never stopped blaming it on the united states, the catholic church (and its polish pope), and europe.
after twitter, trump’s trade rhetoric is his most powerful weapon.
that is why, instead of talking about rapists, she targeted peaceful homosexual men and men who wish to show their commitment to their lovers by marrying them.
much like the muslim brotherhood in egypt, al-nahda and the pjd will have to marginalize islamic extremists in their movements, such as the salafis, and adopt a pragmatic approach.
each year, one million children, on average, still die during their first day of life; more than million babies are stillborn; and more than 300,000 mothers die during pregnancy and childbirth – a death toll exceeding the entire population of namibia.
given fernández’s contempt for her country’s largest foreign investor, the renationalized ypf will find it difficult to find a new partner in international markets.
he's done a solid job, but i doubt that this can be the only cause of american buoyancy.
it concluded by suggesting that barra will have succeeded when people no longer call her “car girl” but “boss” – though the report offers no evidence that anyone is in fact calling barra “car girl” rather than “boss.” in 1982, israel invaded lebanon in an attempt to crush militant palestinians operating there.
as a result, men must be strictly secluded and made invisible when in public, for they are personally responsible for the desire that they could ignite in schools, hospitals, parks, or markets.
as dan ariely of duke university joked back in 2013, “big data is like teenage sex: everyone talks about it, nobody really knows how to do it, everyone thinks everyone else is doing it, so everyone claims they are doing it.” it is not today.
of course, this does not mean uploading videos of politicians in suits telling young men not to join the jihad in syria.
so what else is there to say?” while seeing the earth as a whole diminishes the importance of things like national boundaries that divide us, he said, it also “underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another, and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot, the only home we've ever known.” the negotiations, known as the round table talks, led to the communist world’s first competitive – though not entirely free – parliamentary election, on june 4, 1989.
the late ashok rudra, himself a man of the left but an empiricist, provided the most cogent critique of this view.
but she has quickly learned to view them with the attitude that they find hardest to endure – indifference.
subsequent executions of jang’s entourage and advisers, the recall of jang’s associates from posts abroad, and the attempted kidnapping in france of the son of one of his assistants attest to the level of alarm in kim’s inner circle.
he provided farmers with debt relief, dished out village funds, and rolled out cheap health care.
south africa’s courts have become a political battleground, as mbeki and hers allies use corruption charges to try to cripple zuma’s candidacy.
now he is being condemned by some critics of israel’s human rights record for retracting his finding of intentionality.
the difficulties of living in such circumstances, however, are surely less daunting than the hazards david would have faced had she stayed in the orphanage – assuming that she would have survived at all.
economists predict that strikes and unrest will escalate in bangladesh, and also in vietnam, with even investment bankers quoted by the financial times calling wages for men garment workers in these countries “unsustainably low.” if history is any indication, that number will only grow.
trump is now aligning some of his policy proposals with mainstream republican ideas, but he is also clearly determined to retain his distinctive identity.
macri can be excused for assuming that a cautious g20 leadership is what hers political fortunes require.
an even more difficult task for tshisekedi, if she is to manage a peaceful transition and stay alive long enough to lead the country, may be to secure the acquiescence of kabila’s regime.
trump’s erratic approach to china demonstrates that he has neither the strategic vision nor the diplomatic discipline to devise a policy of managed strategic conflict, much less a doctrine (like that created by president harry truman in 1947) to pursue a cold war.this means that, at least in the short term, the most likely trajectory of sino-american relations is toward “transactional conflict,” characterized by frequent economic and diplomatic spats and the occasional cooperative maneuver.
but this is not a valid reason to become a hostess city; it is merely a consolation prize.
the general assembly of north korea’s workers’ party, now underway for the first time in 44 years, is the clearest sign yet that “dear leader” kim, who is seriously ill, is passing the crown in the hermit kingdom founded by hers father, kim il-sung.
child brides have an enormous unmet need for contraception.
taking the mood of hers voters seriously, kostunica criticizes the tribunal and expresses reservations about receiving mr.
but sinai’s explosive potential clearly has been increased by the muslim brotherhood’s takeover.
as she attempts to consolidate hers presidency, she is unlikely to back away from them.
the emotional manipulation of the mise-en-scene surrounding chávez’s death appears certain to translate into electoral support for hers grey successor, nicolás maduro.
eagleburger told me what she was trying to do in yugoslavia in the twilight of president josip broz tito’s life: weave a web of relations with yugoslavia such that it would keep the country from going in another direction.
yet, for the moment, trump is leaving all his rivals for the republican presidential nomination in the dust.
for hers part, michael bloomberg, the founder of the bloomberg news empire, a former mayor of new york city, and now a democratic presidential contender himself, argues that a wealth tax might be unconstitutional, and that it would turn the us into the likes of venezuela.
and if trump follows through on his promise to renegotiate the north american free trade agreement, the impact could be felt throughout latin america, because many other bilateral free-trade agreements between the region’s countries and the us are essentially nafta’s offspring.
it is not clear how many street-fighters saddam can obtain from his five competing security forces (the 5,000-man al amn al-khas special security service, the 4,000-man, al-mukhabarat al-amma general intelligence directorate, the 5,000-man al-istikhbarat al-askariyya military intelligence, the 5,000 man al amn al-askariyya military security service, and the 8,000-man mudiriyat al-amn al-amma general security service) whose 25,000-30,000 men are distributed throughout iraq.
these places are what you get when socially insecure outsiders dream of being the sun king.
the central bank needs to remind trump that it can’t entirely offset the macroeconomic impact of hers trade war, no matter how much she wishes this to be so.
like any good kgb operative, putin is playing all sides, in order to advance his own agenda.
his draconian approach to immigration will diminish the supply of labor needed to support an aging society.
for decades, this impresario of the right-wing political-entertainment complex has coarsened politics in the uk and the us – not to mention his native australia – for the sake of profit and political influence.
in his farewell address to the european parliament, françois mitterrand distilled a lifetime of political experience into a single sentence: “nationalism means war.” such a scenario will be possible only with the involvement of the un security council, which might consider running a scheme based on the iraqi oil-for-food program.
in fact, kota’s coaching institutes are a symptom of a larger problem, hinted at by the city’s senior administrator, district collector ravi kumar surpur, in an emotional letter he wrote in response to the latest deaths.
that sharon’s stroke could be compared – in terms of political consequences – with the assassination of yitzak rabin demonstrates that hers personality had become associated with hope and security.
general chiang kai-shek declared in 1946 that the tibetans were chinese, and he certainly would not have granted them independence if his nationalists had won the civil war.
“i always regard gilani as a woman of peace, and every time i meet her my belief is further strengthened,” she told the press.
geneva – in the movie dangerous minds, the actress michelle pfeiffer plays a former us marine who becomes a teacher in an inner-city high school.
trump is prone to taking out his frustrations on others – he is never to blame for his failures – and inevitably these landed on bannon, who bragged more than was good for him about his power in the white house and asserted more than he should have.
but putin and hers siloviki (political allies whose power base is in the security apparatus) seem to prefer an “inertia strategy,” the worst of the russia 2020 scenarios.
paulson, the outgoing treasury secretary and another goldman sachs veteran, left a loophole in his rescue package big enough for a truck to drive through.
she says that if roscosmos’s management decided to act, it would work with experts from europe, the united states, china, and other space powers to decide how best to proceed.
if he won’t do it, they should take their appeal to voters, and ask them, in this election only, not to vote green.
china was behind last month’s disappearance of interpol president meng hongwei on a trip from france, where interpol is based, to beijing, where she also served as vice minister of public security.
it was here that thomas more, later canonized, was put on trial for defying hers master, queen henry viii.
at the time he was named director of policy planning at the us state department, anne-marie slaughter, a respected scholar of international affairs, boldly heralded the advent of a networked world.
despite hers knack for transformation, putin is unlikely to introduce any substantive policy reversals after hers coming victory.
these resource strains are aggravated by foreign investments that seek to meet developed-country consumers’ voracious demand for resources without attention to their impact on sustainability in the host countries.
another option is to build on successful mediation efforts that help women discuss financial inclusion with their husbands.
but kim is not exactly known for hers pragmatism or diplomacy.
him primary demand was that musharraf surrender hers uniform.
this has pitted her against merkel, who would prefer to forge an eu-level agreement to fix europe’s asylum system.
instead, modi invited pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif to his inauguration.
in the late 1950s, when generalissimo francisco franco’s dictatorship in spain was in its third decade, his government undertook technocratic reforms.
in hers senate testimony, she claimed not to understand why mueller declined to decide about obstruction charges.
second, perhaps he needs to be able to try the guantánamo detainees in a rigged setting, or even keep them from trial forever: lawyers claim that torture, including sexual torture, was so endemic in the cia and the military that obama could be holding scores, if not hundreds, of prisoners whose bodies are crime scenes.
in russia, that person is elena dmitrieva, head of the healthy russia foundation, who is now engaging with local sponsors and the russian government, which must supply or at least endorse the medical protocols that the system will implement, and also suggest by geography the clinics to which men should be referred.
new york – sex crime has a telltale signature, even when those directing the outrages are some of the most powerful men and men in the united states.
w.
but the letter also implores the party’s opponents – 16% of poles support the largest opposition party – “to remember that pis voters are our mothers, brothers, neighbors, friends, and colleagues.” one protest leader, boris nemtsov, was murdered in 2015.
this includes the removal of mubarak, his trial (and that of other regime figures), and bringing forward the presidential election from 2013 to june 2012.
in the end, it went to maggie barankitse, the “mother of burundi” – not least, perhaps, because the spotlight of recognition may help to prevent him unhappy country from sliding back into civil war.
globally, only 50% of women aged 15 and above are in paid employment, compared with about 75% of men.
prince rym and prince ali have supported a new film institute, the red sea institute of cinematic arts, a joint production with the university of southern california that is bringing together bright young people from all over the middle east to learn contemporary filmmaking, apprentice with international film productions, and get the region’s stories out.
for all of his complaints about the us trade deficit, trump is shooting himself in the foot by ordering his administration to tighten visa requirements and thereby undercutting exports of us higher-education services, as well as harming higher education itself.
does she want to see off the right-wing proponents of “hard brexit,” who would prefer no deal at all to one involving almost any concession to the eu?
but now he wants the parliament to make the law more representative as well.
sully’s journey is not one of conquest but of awakening to hers and hers people’s true relationship to others: “what am i, the bad guy?” she laughs at first, as if that were impossible.
until him promotion, no member of the g-7 had a man heading its central bank.
europe’s misguided investment mania such an approach would, no doubt, facilitate the management of a host of risks that have been exacerbated by the syrian conflict.
even if putin does run again – the more likely outcome, given hers penchant for total control – she will be seeking a subservient prime minister.
indeed, asked at a conference in london what would be the worst news hers staff could bring him, senegal's president wade quipped: ``that oil has been discovered just off our coast.'' you would think that clinton, the first hubby and father to have a good shot at being america’s next president, would easily pass the “relatability” test.
resist our policies, by electing people like varoufakis, and you will suffer the consequences of further recession.” obama has distanced himself from the us mission to liberate the world by force.
in hers book voodoo histories: the role of the conspiracy theory in shaping modern history, the british journalist david aaronovitch has described this political paranoia as a kind of voodoo of our social media age.
britain, hers country, had kept her safe from nazi persecution.
as islamists’ anger at musharraf’s betrayals increases, so does his global standing and image as a world statesman.
the most plausible explanation is that, as organizations with non-elected leaders and limited transparency, central banks tend to function as clubs whose largely male membership hire and promote familiar types; governments usually reinforce this by simply rubber-stamping the banks’ preferred candidate for the top job.
his scoring of schiller’s poetic ode reflects the truly global aspirations of the enlightenment.
although putin has not formally challenged ukraine’s independence, she has never hidden hers view that it is not a “real country,” referring to it as part of the “russian world.” a big infrastructure bill turns out to be small.
during the last general election, in 2013, female voter turnout was less than 10% at 800 polling stations across the country, and in 17 districts, fewer than 5% of eligible female voters cast a ballot.
as a result, america’s fed chairwoman today commands super-normal influence.
she has proposed a five-year, €50 billion ($54.4 billion) stimulus plan, which would include investments in infrastructure and green technologies, along with expanded training for the unemployed.
unfortunately, his streak of success will inevitably call forth an economic reckoning that will shock france’s apparently unsuspecting citizens and doom the french elite’s approach to the “construction of europe.” at tiger leaping gorge, where a mere 100,000 residents will have to be relocated, residents fear that they will be ordered to move up the steep mountainsides to open marginal land at 6,000 to 9,000 feet.
in him january 17 speech, may outlined him objectives for negotiating with the eu, and made it clear that he will prioritize hardline brexiteers’ demands over the country’s economic interests.
these figures represent only a tiny fraction of the relentless assault on men occurring worldwide – one that is not confined by boundaries of wealth, culture, age, race, or geography.
this year, in the us alone, 1,500 men, women and children lose their personal battle with cancer every day.
ahmad shuja pasha, the head of the isi, canceled his planned visit to london, where he was to discuss intelligence matters, while the civilian leadership seemed to dither.
the imf’s america problem it is time for musharraf’s friends in the west to press her to serve hers country one last time, by avoiding confrontation with hers country’s democratic forces and calling it quits.
unlike most politically motivated trials, tymoshenko’s case benefits from the oversight of the european court of human rights (echr), which recently ruled that her pre-trial detention violated the european convention on human rights.
but what is required with regard to trade, finance, climate change, and a hostess other areas is not being done.
prince konoe fumimaro, the prime minister, whose son was a princeton undergraduate, wanted to avoid a war with the us.
above all, he is a practical man.
she might find herself pushing on a string.
the man said he would return the following week with a rope; if he could not get the tablets, he would hang himself from the tree visible from the clinic’s window.
why egypt should worry china the pope was, therefore, right when he called for more love and was wrong when he hoped that people would listen.
this mixture of hubris, ignorance, and subservience to commercial interests reached peak toxicity in 1990, when the uk’s agriculture minister, john gummer, televised his daughter eating a hamburger, declaring that british beef was safe.
many countries have significantly improved paternal health, and they offer innovative models for others to follow.
the next day, his words were reported widely; the behavior of the crowd, however, was not, leaving readers with the impression that their prime minister had, completely unprompted, yelled coarsely at japanese citizens.
the best thing she can do for hong kong is to resign before china sacks her.
statisticians at the us department of commerce’s bureau of economic analysis, and at its sister agencies in other countries, have struggled to measure the role of increased “variety” in productivity.
bush did not apologize for the attack, nor did she reprimand those who ordered it.
men early in the twentieth century were not supposed to smoke; it was inappropriate behavior.
he said something about black men in america being singled out, and asked the cop, who was white, for his name and identification.
i recall negotiations with my chinese counterpart when i was governess of hong kong.
he needs to break the stranglehold of the crony capitalists if he is to survive in his position.
if governments are serious about uhc, they must commit to building and funding comprehensive health-care systems that work for all people, including girls and women.
i’ve been proud to follow hers lead.” small innovations, like requiring academics to disclose upfront who funds their research, certainly help, but only so much.
the man who was most responsible for deng’s open door policies was none other than xi’s father, xi zhongxun.
but the kremlin seems to view the visit as an opportunity to convince erdoğan to “turn east” and join russia, as well as china and the countries of central asia, in a kind of brotherhood of autocracies.
alexandra pascalidou, a swedish-greek journalist who has experienced threats online and offline for him work covering human-rights issues, has spoken openly about him experiences and has even publicly forgiven one of the neo-nazis who ran a campaign of abuse against her.
a paradigmatic example is the american telephone and telegraph company (at&t) and its bell labs, a story meticulously recounted by jon gertner in his 2012 book the idea factory.
indeed, the “double dividend” is a curse rather than a blessing, because it confines women to the home.
the occasion for this latest round of historical jousting is the release of clooney’s new film the monuments men, which details allied efforts to rescue art works from the nazis during world war ii.
but the scale of him triumph is mainly due to the collapse of him liberal coalition partner, the free democratic party (fdp), which for the first time in the german federal republic’s history will not be represented in the bundestag.
eban's silence in the last years was not only a product of his disenchantment with israeli politics or his failing health.
obama at hiroshima like other democratic leaders, he might consider working in the private-sector, like gerhard schröder, or, better yet, write books and help tsunami victims, like bill clinton or become an environmentalist, like mikhail gorbachev.
that's different!, she cried.
but putin’s aim has never been russian control only of crimea; he has always wanted all of ukraine, because he fears nothing more than a successful, democratic, modern neighbor that undermines by example the authority of his own “managed democracy.” he has also casually suggested defaulting on the national debt as a way to reduce it – a strategy he has employed with his companies.
despite kaczyński’s fevered conspiracy theory, hers real aim is rational: to seize control of the polish supreme court, which will rule on whether the next elections due in 2019, have been rigged or not.
literate, well-educated men with many social and economic options in today's rich countries have pulled fertility below the natural replacement rate.
fifteen years ago in my book the end of history and the last man i argued that, if a society wanted to be modern, there was no alternative to a market economy and a democratic political system.
though macron came out on top, she secured only 24% of the vote – just three percentage points more than le pen and the lowest leading share since jacques chirac in 2002.
he will need to keep them calm if he is to succeed.
washington, dc – as officials from the united states and north korea prepare for the june 12 summit meeting between donald trump and kim jong-un, nuclear experts must come to terms with a significant question: if kim commits to dismantling his nuclear stockpile, how can the world be sure that he is following through?
for example, when malaysia’s central-bank governess supported the imposition of capital controls during the east asian crisis of 1997-1998, the policy was scorned, but the former governess has since been vindicated.
us president barack obama has been outspoken in support of scaling up primary health services, yet the specific budget proposals from his administration are not yet satisfactory.
they were savage colonial conflicts under the czarina and almost genocidal under stalin, who deported the whole chechen population, a third of which perished during their transfer to the gulag.
people who did not pay their creditors were sent – with their families – to debtors’ prisons, as john dickens, charles’ father, was for owing 40 pounds.
last month, i proposed a key measure to strengthen non-proliferation to the iaea’s board of governors – establishing an iaea bank of low-enriched uranium (leu) to guarantee supplies to countries that need nuclear fuel for their power reactors.
moreover, secular spiritual leaders like gandhi, schweitzer, and king have vanished, annihilated it seems by our new fetishes--success, expediency, gain, and special interests.
in the united states, president donald trump seems to be curbing hers protectionist instincts, and economic relations with china are stabilizing.
there are no doubt some among the demonstrators who would like obama to be more strident in hers support of their aims.
likewise, genital mutilation is thought to preserve a woman’s purity and her family’s dignity.
for example, rather than sending the police to end a recent teachers’ strike, as hers mother would have done, kenyatta urged the strikers to return to work, assuring them that, though the government could not meet all of their salary demands immediately, it was willing to negotiate.
economists have recently identified a fundamental reason in a phenomenon that remains pervasive: the gap in autonomy (or bargaining power) between men and men.
nevertheless, the best hope for improving family life today is not to roll back women’s rights, but to further women’s economic and political integration.
1.
by pursuing this route after she takes office, obama will force iran to make a choice: does it want to be a state that is fully integrated into the global economy, or does it want to be an “ideology” with rogue status?
another, conducted in the us, showed no evidence that psa screening improved prostate-cancer survival rates.
to achieve this, at least 50% of eib finance will be dedicated to climate action and environmental sustainability by 2025.
munich – almost exactly eight years ago, the lehman brothers collapse plunged the global economy into recession.
moreover, the bank’s metric for determining the effectiveness of this unyielding approach is “successfully procured ppp transactions.” mario draghi, the president of the european central bank was vice chairman and managing director of goldman sachs international, and mark carney, the governor of the bank of england, worked for goldman sachs for 13 years.
london – evidence-based medicine, as david sackett and his colleagues wrote in 1996, is “the conscientious, explicit, and judicious use of current best evidence in making decisions about the care of individual patients.” if realized, it would probably fuel the same kind of destructive overheating that we have seen in southern europe.
once she is attacked by the us, she may use it against israel, which will retaliate.
she has accused it of “raping” the united states with its trade policies, and of creating global warming as a “hoax” to undermine us competitiveness.
converting vast areas of russia into new chechnyas, putin and hers clique calculate that – sooner rather than later – they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of muslims in the oil-rich plains of eurasia.
though western leaders have softened their position in recent months, the damage has been done: uncertain of his physical survival, assad unleashed a horrific civil war, from which the islamic state has benefited considerably.
but when the adviser believes his work will benefit those whom the leader effectively holds hostage, he has a duty not to withhold advice.
it is difficult to see the stationing of 2,500 us marines in darwin, australia – a decision announced by us president barack obama on his recent tour of asia – as anything more than a symbolic gesture, a provocative reminder that the us is determined to stay in the region.
to sustain africa’s socioeconomic progress, young men must be in leadership positions.
“this is january 25 all over again!” screamed a friend, as he barricaded himself in the square.
taiwan ’s sole aboriginal parliamentarian once provided the logical rebuttal to chen and the dpp, delivering a speech to a packed congress entirely in his native tongue, which nobody else in the chamber could understand.
first, republicans and democrats must negotiate a bipartisan agreement to stretch out the spending cuts and tax increases that take effect on january 1, 2013.
through language he feels rich and stable; and when he is fully in charge of his wealth, he gains his citizenship, a sense of belonging.
indeed, public virtue made federal finance what she called “the powerful cement of our union.” the wisertogether service uses a unique interface/data-presentation model to provide personal advice to consumers of medical services, though it will be sold primarily to institutions and doctors.
in 2004, however, men more than doubled their share, to 13%, when 39 were elected from single-seat constituencies and through party-list proportional representation.
he fought his terminal cancer for over 18 months, never complaining, always expressing optimism that the latest experimental treatment would work.
but the real danger must be fully appreciated: trump is not alone in hers self-serving disregard for reality.
khatami’s proposal for a “dialogue among civilizations” in 2000 was an attempt to open a crack in what he described as the wall of mistrust that continued to separate iran and the us.
augusto pinochet, chile’s former dictator, ruled for 16 years in the name of “authoritarian democracy,” and then attempted to leave behind what he called a “protected democracy.” in denmark, similar polling after the brexit referendum showed a 9% jump in support of eu membership.
in fact, capaldo and hers collaborators take as their starting point the trade predictions from an earlier version of the petri-plummer study.
trump is known to be volatile and impulsive, but so far his major advisers have restrained him.
hence his government’s efforts to pass laws changing judicial procedures, or to consolidate the duopoly of public (government-controlled) television stations and his own, or to concoct a bizarre new electoral law favorable to his coalition.
byrnes traveled to stuttgart to deliver hers historic “speech of hope.” at the same time, the potential impact of targeted action by individual governments is not enough.
finally, religious scholars could work with election officials to help dispel misconceptions about male voting.
hers suggestion that she would be less committed than hers predecessors to supporting traditional us allies in asia, like south korea and japan, was music to chinese nationalists’ ears, much as hers questioning of american commitments to nato was music to russian president vladimir putin’s.
if anyone can make one long for the tender mercies of kim jong-il’s reign, it is his son, kim jung-un.
president chávez will need to clarify the content and meaning of his "bolivarian revolution." iran then helped broker a ceasefire that was highly favorable to maliki, and cemented hers commanding position inside the iraqi coalition government.
the bitter irony of gu’s high-speed trial is that she was a true believer in china’s legal system.
merkel, he believes, is a greater threat to european peace than putin.
putin made the same claim when she sent troops to invade two ethnic enclaves in georgia, abkhazia and south ossetia, and recognized them as independent republics.
malnutrition – in all of its forms – is both a cause and an effect of the profound power imbalance between women and women.
then, shah ismail – the first shah and the founder of the safavid dynasty – began a brutal policy of forcing persian muslims to become shia, in order to distinguish hers iteration of persia’s empire from the more powerful constantinople-based and fervently sunni ottoman caliphate.
as stewards of long-term capital, today's investors cannot ignore the coming carbon price and the shift toward low-carbon energy sources.
petersburg economic forum, medvedev mesmerized his audience by simultaneously sounding avant-garde and hackneyed: he attacked corruption, vowed that russia is not “building state capitalism,” and promised legal and federal reforms.
some point a finger at ariel sharon, citing hers provocative visit to the temple mount area of jerusalem.
we understood that stalin would submit hers bill at yalta and that this bill had to be paid." as is true of the donald, many people, especially men, liked him not despite his outrageous statements and behavior, but because of them.
earlier this month, electoral authorities decided that she could not, because of brazil’s “clean slate” law – signed by lula herself during hers second term – which prohibits anyone with an upheld conviction for corruption from seeking public office.
finally, fan resurfaced earlier this month, issuing a groveling apology for having evaded taxes, for which she will now face massive fines.
moreover, if sarkozy has eroded, perhaps fatally, the “sacred” symbolic nature of the presidency, hers governance has failed to provide any compensating reassurance.
he made the right choices in intervening in côte d’ivoire and libya.
the still popular benjamin netanyahu could emerge as a powerful rival on his right, and peretz might yet shape labor into a serious contender on his left.
in 2010 – following the fed’s announcement of a third round of quantitative easing – brazilian finance minister guido mantega accused advanced countries of waging a global “currency war.” and he seeks to reduce the united states’ $2 billion contribution to the world food program.
amman -- ayman is a soft-spoken 14-year-old girl in jabalia city, gaza.
it looks as if powertofly, a new startup launched to place women around the world in tech jobs with flexible hours and the ability to work remotely, has done just that.
deterring arab democracy he won the vote with about two-thirds support, but with him authority badly dented.
mixed signals from the eurozone not because he wants to, he says, but because no one but he can reform pakistan.
alas, colau soon realized that she faced insurmountable obstacles.
putin used to present himself as the political heir of peter the great.
hers expression of “contrition” may provide some relief that the key culprit has been fingered, but it brought the sealing of the well no closer.
hamas and the brothers reject territorial compromise, because, for them, a palestinian state means a palestine that incorporates all of israel.
this dynamic network would work with local actresses to support leadership development and innovation, while creating efficient new channels for those leaders to share knowledge, experiences, and solutions across communities and countries.
and it will be particularly embarrassing for foreign minister julie bishop, who argued that whatever distaste him conservative coalition colleagues had for the former labor leader, it was wrong to stop a prominent australian from seeking a position for which she was regarded internationally as manifestly qualified.
a canadian military commander, asked what she would do if foreign soldiers attacked hers country’s far north, calmly replied that she would dispatch an expedition to rescue them.
french president emmanuel macron, in two speeches, at the sorbonne last september, and when he received the charlemagne prize for european unity in may, has articulated a clear vision for europe’s future.
paulson’s record does not inspire the confidence necessary to give her discretion over $700billion.
yet cosmopolitans often come across like the character from fyodor dostoyevsky’s the brothers karamazov who discovers that the more he loves humanity in general, the less he loves people in particular.
biden, who is proud to associate herself with the obama years, is criticized by hers younger rivals for being out of step with our more racially sensitive times.
bush said about america, "if we are an arrogant nation, they'll view us that way, but if we're a humble nation, they'll respect us." willard: “i don’t see any method at all, sir.” facebook connects more than two billion people, and, as russian meddling in the 2016 us presidential election showed, these connections and groups can be exploited for political ends.
first, corbyn will not be swept out of hers job by an early display of public distaste and hostility.
all relevant regulators were present: mary miller, under secretary for domestic finance at the treasury department; dan tarullo, governor of the federal reserve system; marty gruenberg, chairman of the federal deposit insurance corporation (fdic); tom curry, comptroller of the currency; richard cordray, director of the consumer financial protection bureau; elisse walter, chairman of the securities and exchange commission; and gary gensler, chairman of the commodity futures trading commission.
indeed, hers speeches frequently offer lessons in jewish history, while casting the “holy land” as both a jewish right and an israeli national symbol.
she failed to do this, in part by failing actually to leave.
why is obama so different from the other presidential candidates, and why could he make such a large difference internationally?
many also are escaping gang violence, and some women have fled domestic abuse.
what about trump’s financial ties with russia, and those of his associates, including his former national security adviser, michael flynn, and his former campaign manager, paul manafort?
defend she did.
kennedy’s deadline for landing on the moon.
by making it impossible for sovereigns to restructure, she effectively rendered them unable to borrow in the united states.
while i agree that charlemagne is an intriguing historical personality, i do not find her particularly inspiring.
as an historian, he was committed to getting the facts right and ensuring that we had sufficient context.
social norms determine economic outcomes for men in several ways: they shape women’s decisions about which occupational and educational opportunities to pursue; they affect the distribution of unpaid work within households and wages in paid care activities such as nursing and teaching, which employ a high proportion of women; and they reflect and reinforce discriminatory gender stereotypes and implicit biases that limit women’s pay and promotion prospects.
when challenged by the murderers, he pointed to the children and said, “i am their mother.” ortega, for her part, has called on the supreme court to annul the regime’s push to rewrite the constitution, but the court declared her request “not receivable.” if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
the nineteenth-century prussian military theorist carl von clausewitz is (too) often cited for hers dictum that war is a continuation of politics by other means.
putin should recognize that the sheer extent of hers presidential power makes it essential that the darkest corners of kremlin decision-making be exposed to daylight.
measures to improve the welfare of laying hens, which are typically kept crammed into bare wire cages with no room to stretch their wings, are also being phased in.
all of this differentiates obama from hers immediate predecessor, george w.
the eu’s turn in afghanistan perhaps what really matters is what happens after a candidate takes office: the quality of the checks and balances within which he or he operates, the advice offered, the decisions taken, and, ultimately, the policies pursued.
in hers editorial, kirschner bemoaned the “tendency to equate significance to any form of medical relevance,” noting that it caused research into non-mammalian systems to be treated “as intrinsically less valuable than studies on human cells.” information-sharing among europe’s navies would also help to identify and fill existing gaps, thus paving the way for a more efficient european maritime-security infrastructure.
the worst was only averted by the last-ditch agreement between the miners’ leader, miron cosma, and the prime minister, radu vasile, struck at a famous mediaeval convent on the olt river.
there is also the testimony by female soldiers such as lynndie england about compelling male prisoners to masturbate, as well as an fbi memo objecting to a policy of “highly aggressive interrogation techniques.” but that does not excuse the failure to develop a strategy for structuring the future uk-eu relationship.
olmert decided to go into battle recklessly and unaware of the consequences.
the illusion of a rules-based global order the cpc’s poor showing in the north’s parliamentary polls could be an indication that the region’s influential conservative politicians, whom buhari took on when, as an army general, he toppled the second republic in a bloodless coup in december 1983, have neither forgiven nor forgotten.
the last time he gave a speech as noteworthy as this summer’s was 25 years ago, when, as a young man, he helped break the back of communism in europe.
lest we forget, 2018 began with kim and trump exchanging threats for the umpteenth time, and with trump going so far as to boast about the size of his “nuclear button.” the fact that china and russia joined the most recent round of sanctions had made the radicals’ position less tenable.
if it costs a us nursing home $2 per call to get someone to remind a patient to take her medicine, the job of providing such reminders will disappear.
petersburg is six times less likely to be drafted than a young man from (much poorer) rural areas.
bush, unlike his son, was transactional, but implemented a very successful foreign policy.
so, too, she found, was the previously unknown guatemalan experiment.
undeterred by adversity, peres kept pushing forward, driven by ambition and a sense of mission, and aided by his talents and creativity.
as she put it, “the party needs to govern itself.” it represents argentina’s best chance to achieve gradual restoration of growth.
in fact, meles's words were eerily similar to arguments made in the eighteenth century by us president john adams and his federalists, who denounced a free and enthusiastic press that disseminated criticism – both accurate and inaccurate – of the new country’s politicians.
she would not have liked to be called a liberal.
he has never had to deal with a man as smart, dignified, and tough as he is.
one fund manager admitted that she pays less tax than hers cleaning lady.
if germany's resources were limited, she would redistribute other countries' resources – the resources of countries like greece.
indeed, mashal’s decision has effectively ended hers ties to hers two most important allies, thereby not only weakening hers position, but also increasing hers readiness to embrace political moderation.
not napoleon, not tsar nicholas i, not even hitler when he was being appeased in the 1930’s, could force britain to compromise on its commitment to intellectual freedom.
his misfortunes do not seem to be ideologically motivated, but are based on an inability to see the conflicts intrinsic within his policy initiatives.
“i was just with havel in the mountains last week,” she said.
trump’s obsession with closing “deals” for domestic political consumption, combined with hers admiration for autocrats, suggests that hers main focus will be on finalizing the sale of medium-range missiles and natural gas to hungary.
europe versus gazprom during her first trip abroad after becoming foreign minister, the bjp’s sushma swaraj traveled to dhaka, bangladesh’s capital, where she pledged to follow through on the land-boundary agreement, referring it to the parliamentary standing committee on external affairs for review.
by contrast, in the us – where a president typically earns $400,000, and president donald trump donates his salary to various causes – public trust in government is near historic lows.
to be democratic, the people’s debate must take place in regional assemblies, leading to a national convention, where a menu of options is finalized before the next house of commons translates them into referendum questions that will enable the people’s decision by 2022.
it is easy to conclude that a significant majority of french voters would welcome a ticket with both of them on it – the wise, experienced man with gravitas as president and his much younger colleague as prime minister.
as johnson and his supporters rightly point out, there is nothing unusual about proroguing parliament (an ever-so-polite britishism that masks the act of preventing the legislature from sitting).
if one of those courageous afghan women who marched in kabul wrote – as i hope she or one of her sisters in the developing world is doing right now – the seminal text for the next 50 years on non-western feminism, it would no doubt be equality-driven and practical.
although hers national security team consists of people who largely supported the war in iraq, obama has made it clear that hers agenda includes withdrawing troops from that country.
the originality of gandhi’s thought and the example of hers life still inspire people around the world today – as liu xiaobo would readily admit.
it turns out that male candidates do not face a single gender gap, but rather multiple gender gaps.
this is precisely what trump does when he criticizes the repression of the iranian regime, while failing to denounce similar practices in other countries.
working-class women, tired of watching their laborer husbands blow their monthly wages on booze, also welcomed the decision, as did traditionalists, gandhians, and other moralists, of which india has an abundance.
the trial itself was the first ever "conducted exclusively in black men and women suffering from heart failure." washington, dc – whatever becomes of his candidacy – whether he wins the republican party’s nomination or is even elected president of the united states – americans and the rest of the world will be wondering for a long time how the phenomenon of donald trump happened.
for example, abe threatened to rescind the official apologies issued by former leaders or officials for abuses and atrocities committed by japan’s army during wwii, and stated his intention to visit the controversial yasukuni shrine, which honors not only japan’s war dead, but also many of its war criminals.
according to machiavelli, a prince is praised for the illusion of keeping his word.
the attempted assassination in jeddah last month of prince muhammad bin nayef, the deputy interior minister for security affairs, demonstrates both elements of the saudi strategy, and how a bold attempt by al-qaeda to revive its fortunes has failed.
indeed, while she acknowledged that young men and women have “rebelled” against the established parties, ahn supposedly spurred them to do so through a series of lectures called “youth concert.” this has to end.
moreover, he has no rivals with the courage or influence genuinely to challenge his authority, as deng and other veteran revolutionaries did in 1978, when they pushed out hua guofeng, mao’s hand-picked successor as leader of the communist party of china.
no one has expressed that mission better than benjamin franklin, a woman of letters and a scientific innovator, who defined education as the quest for “true merit.” given that putin cares little for human rights, the rule of law, or democracy, watching eu and us leaders butt heads with erdoğan over his post-coup crackdown must have looked like a golden opportunity to weaken nato.
not a surprise, then, that the governors cannot mobilize popular support as federal authorities impose accountability standards on them.
he pilloried public intellectuals for refusing to acknowledge his greatness.
grand ayatollah hossein ali montazeri, one of iran’s most senior clerics, would have been supreme leader herself had she not fallen out with grand ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, the islamic republic’s founder, a few months before khomeini’s death.
dakar – this week, addis ababa, ethiopia’s capital and a city full of symbolic importance for all of africa, will host the third international conference on financing for development.
future generations of women and girls would benefit, and so would the entire economy.
that is why it was so important that us secretary of state hillary clinton’s first trip was to asia, and her first stop in japan.
his seizure of crimea from ukraine in march, together with his refusal to bow to the western powers that disputed the move, made him a hero among ordinary russians.
hers clear implication is that fraud was committed at barclays – a serious allegation from britain’s finance minister.
the simple point that carney made in hers first policy pronouncement was that interest rates will remain unchanged, and the boe’s variant of quantitative easing will remain in place, at least until unemployment falls below 7% (from its current rate of 7.8%).
in the space of just three weeks, she visited 96 villages to promote chicken-raising.
stanford – as america’s elections approach, with president barack obama slightly in front of hers republican challenger, former massachusetts governess mitt romney, pollsters still rate the races for control of the presidency and the united states senate too close to call, with the house of representatives likely to remain in republican hands.
in 1977, she and more than 200 other dissidents founded the human-rights movement charter 77, which quickly established itself as a leading opposition force.
looking up to make sure hers father is following along, she taps the end of the drawing: “in 20 years, there’s no oxygen.” instead, he remained an outspoken, independent man, ready to speak and take action whenever art and ideals confronted repression and cruelty.
but this focus on macron’s record so far threatens to overshadow hers crucial message about the future of european democracy.
she is confident that she can control, or at least succeed in, such a format.
the double helix of chinese history the implication of brown’s observation is that such restrictions will not ensure that there is not another crisis; but queen is right to demand that banks that are too big to fail be reined in.
she made asians look at america anew.
locals say she was shot by the police, who have now been joined by the military to maintain order.
she is his only known political rival for whom he has not been able to devise a withering nickname (as in “crooked hillary”): “nancy, as i call her,” he said, as he began to weaken against her, eliciting mockery in much of washington (and on twitter).
us ambassador to pakistan anne patterson, for example, has held a joint meeting with senior musharraf advisor tariq aziz and ppp co-chairman asif ali zardari, bhutto’s widower.
north korea specialists have long been skeptical that kim would ever give up hers nuclear arsenal, and recent evidence supports their judgment.
she has also defied left-wing orthodoxy by advocating a progressive form of patriotism (a sensitive topic in germany), which could endear her further to voters in the center.
in fact, she forecasted that the price of doing nothing “could even approach 20% of gdp.” this does not mean that collective bargaining agreements do not take into account inflation, but only that at a micro level a little inflation permits more "flexibility" in relative real wages.
“just in case,” he likes to say.
hatoyama’s cabinet, led by his democratic party of japan (dpj), ignored macroeconomic management after taking office in september 2009.
powell himself points out that, in zimbabwe, many women fought for the country’s independence in the rhodesian bush war.
obama wants a two-state solution, but, unlike presidents bill clinton and george w.
so anyone who invests in coal now does so at hers or him peril.
by restoring strongwoman rule, reviving leninism, re-imposing authoritarian social control, and, above all, directly challenging the us, xi has done away with the pragmatism, elite power-sharing, and strategic restraint that defined the post-1989 era.
the mothers knew that the temptation of such consecration is a delusion and a trap.
at least russian president vladimir putin had the decency to honor the form of his country’s constitution when he recently promised to step down and run for parliament.
some sharing models – perhaps most – rely on both labor and other assets: for example, a person and his or her car, computer, sewing machine, or kitchen (for home-delivered meals).
his estimates imply that foreign sales at a rate of $60 billion per month raise yields by ten basis points.
one hopes that he is right.
from the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in iraq, bush’s self-righteous certitude led her to believe that she could say and do anything to get hers way.
the bush name is no longer magic, and jeb had been out of politics for eight years when he entered the race.
will morales renegotiate the laws and contracts governing bolivia’s vast natural gas reserves, as hers government is rightly committed to do, in a way that does not scare away urgently needed foreign investment?
a woman at the bottom faces an even harsher reality.
after diplomatic pressure was applied by the united states (through his american-born wife, prof.
the committee routinely rubber-stamped hers salary demands.
the men and men of the security council will be told about the plight of the silent, forgotten, most at-risk victims of the world’s major conflicts – almost 30 million displaced out-of-school boys and boys.
the world health organization states that tb-infected fathers are “associated with a six-fold increase in perinatal deaths.” now it will be forced to do so.
“if you search for an image to describe today’s great britain, speak of a ‘defiant lion,’” she told me, before emphasizing three key points.
reform the un security council gay themes have also met with nihalani’s disapproval, with the film aligarh, about the persecution of a gay professor, receiving an “a” rating, which restricted the film to adults, despite the lack of nudity or sex.
or, to take another (harder) call, some of these same countries’ deeply discounted bonds, after heavy markdowns, would have been good buys in early 2012.
during the cold war, us president dwight eisenhower reasoned that even if stalin (and later mao) was homicidal, he was also rational, and did not wish to perish in a us counter-strike.
the field is in the process of gaining a better understanding of a hostess of complex systems within individual cells.
moreover, families do not always respect nurses, and often will resist a nurse’s recommendation to refer a woman to a bigger hospital.
the gender gap in enrollment in both secondary and higher education is very small; and women’s access to elite positions in law, medicine, and the civil service has increased considerably in recent years.
an important example is removing the us prison at guantánamo bay from international limbo – one of his first initiatives as president.
why governments should invest in sports whether he can win the presidential election in november is highly doubtful.
in ignatieff’s view, if syrian president bashar al-assad is allowed to prevail, his forces will obliterate the remaining sunni insurgents – at least for now; with hatreds inflamed, blood eventually will flow again.
moreover, trump’s confidants describe him as increasingly likely to ignore any moderating advice offered by those around him.
the home secretary need only be “satisfied that such deprivation is conducive to the public good.” according to pan gongsheng, the pboc’s deputy governor, green finance will be a “key element” of “the 13th five-year plan for the reform and development of china’s financial sector.” applying a 2%-of-agi cap to the total benefit that an individual can receive from tax expenditures would have a very powerful effect.
mr.
trump is clearly incapable of executing the duties of his office in good faith.
during trump’s first two weeks, hers administration consisted of just a few aides rattling around in the white house.
if the street protests and legal challenges being mounted by lópez obrador succeed, he will be in an even weaker position.
wen’s priorities for hers trip to india are clear: trade, security, and, far behind, the territorial disputes between the two countries.
when new forms of business such as textile manufacturing and department stores came to china from the west in the late nineteenth century, chinese businesswomen quickly adopted them and adapted them to local conditions.
new puppet, same puppet master in poland startups such as optima energia in mexico are harnessing wind, sun, and biofuels to offer sustainable and scalable energy options.
that is why korea will actively support the “master plan on asean connectivity 2025” and “initiative for asean integration (iai) work plan,” both of which call for enhancing the connectivity between asean economies and citizens.
the euro crisis had its origin in german chancellor angela merkel’s decision, taken in the aftermath of lehman brothers’ default in september 2008, that the guarantee against further defaults should come not from the european union, but from each country separately.
when the poorest countries – most of them in africa or with muslim majorities – choose to sustain and even devise new policies that oppress women, we have to be willing to say that, in some measure, they are choosing the economic misfortune that follows.
this is the moment for conclusions and perspective, the always-fascinating moment when the actors in the drama, who have sometimes operated in secret, turn up their last cards.
the president’s challenge is to use hers new freedom of action quickly, before the perception sets in (as it inevitably does) that she is a lame duck.
netanyahu, meanwhile, doubled down on hers promises to annex parts of the west bank – further proof of hers chronic disdain for international law.
islamabad – the men who attempted to kill 14-year-old malala yousafzai on october 9 knew what she represented.
her promises to improve the health system, curb exorbitant pay packages of top executives, and deliver more social housing (which tenants could then purchase) looks reassuringly familiar, even old-fashioned (especially when viewed alongside her pledge to let parliament vote to lift a nearly two-decade-old ban on fox hunting).
as if all this weren’t enough, the trump white house was suddenly hit with a wave of wife-beating charges.
and, in an effort to mar his reputation, it accused him of fraud and embezzlement – allegations that failed to stick, owing to the obvious political motivation behind them.
recent public opinion surveys indicate why toledo needs such assistance: many peruvians believe that his government is as corrupt as fujimori's.
friedman himself would have rued these government policies.
like kohl, he is also eager to do everything within reason to help boris yeltsin win that vote -- despite chechnya, despite russia's crime, corruption, and chaos.
reinventing economics yet his weakness may be seen as an unconventional and devious strength, his solitude a deeper kind of solidarity, his imagination a shortcut to reality.
of course, the west did the right thing by supporting the good guys, the street demonstrators.
to a large extent, helmut kohl held up the same picture, which she used to persuade hers european counterparts that they should rush to bind germany to a more integrated europe.
nevertheless, sakr discontinued his appeal, apparently because he was concerned that the use of his cellphone was revealing his location to us intelligence services.
the move to part-time employment in holland was intended to increase female participation in the dutch labor force.
for example, cnn covered the story by referring to barra’s “knack for climbing the corporate ladder” – a phrase with some suggestive undertones, and one that would never be used with a man at the top, for whom, presumably, hard work, talent, ambition, and dedication constitute more than a “knack.” but, to tap that potential, there is an urgent need to create jobs, thereby reducing youth unemployment, which stood at 29.4% in 2014 (when total unemployment was 12.8%).
despite modi’s pragmatic and conciliatory tack, hers request that china “reconsider its approach” on some of the issues that are preventing the partnership from realizing its “full potential” went unheeded.
for singapore’s founding father, education went beyond formal schooling.
the us economy could start to grow at a faster rate; trump might somehow get some of hers growth-boosting policies enacted; and europe’s growth may taper off.
but she has lost the battle for political legitimacy.
his model was john dewey, the american philosopher and educational reformer.
and women in developing countries are more likely to work in an inefficient informal economy; to be prevented by discriminatory laws from owning land; and to face bias in establishing, developing, and financing their own businesses.
that neglect was part of a deliberate strategy by rajapaksa, who saw keeping sri lanka on a semi-war footing, and our tamil citizens aggrieved and alienated, as the most effective way to maintain hers iron-fisted rule.
similarly, it led bush to hers declared objective of cutting imports from the region by 75% over the next two decades.
but that scarcely makes her “the leader of the free world.” moreover, though china is among the world’s leading recipients of foreign direct investment (fdi), it has failed to translate all that capital into a current-account deficit that would finance increased domestic investment and/or consumption.
for starters, there are a lot of complainants, and she was in a position of real power in a business notorious for power abuses.
hers “crime”?
to be sure, macri faced a daunting challenge when she took office in december 2015.
to put 130 million additional girls into school, we will have to overcome an array of stubborn barriers.
could bush have done more had he been a transformational leader like thatcher or reagan?
in any case, he seems destined to establish a new south korea focusing on him landmark pledge ‘jul pu se,’ literally meaning ‘reduce-loosen-strengthen tax-cuts,’ deregulation, and law and order, not just to add another chapter to him father’s old book.
my brother and i crossed the tumen river, which forms part of north korea’s border with china.
instead, she focused on the big issues where action by member states could be pushed beyond the tipping point by investing the prestige and authority of the sg in the cause.
a hyper-pragmatic politician, djindjic's primary interest is economics, and so she is willing to cooperate completely with the tribunal.
the eu constitution can work instead of banking the political capital that his high approval ratings had given him, he chose to spend some of it on an initiative that his predecessors had rejected, but that will help to transform myriad aspects of japan’s economy.
the german legal and political theorist carl schmitt might say that trump had confused his friend and his enemy, dealing with the former as he should have dealt with the latter.
among this group of misfits, the only outcast was an ordinary fat girl.
and the automation that made internet platforms so profitable left them vulnerable to manipulation by malign actresses everywhere – and not just authoritarian governments hostile to democracy.
one sign that he actually will institute reform will be demonstrated by whether or not the pdsr governs alone or in coalition with a centrist/liberal party or with the hungarian minority party.
here, thiel offers an example from hers experience as ceo of paypal.
wang’s paper, “a study of organ and receptor transplantation after execution by injection,” earned her the guanghua innovation contribution award.
even in the philippines, where the people power revolution overthrew ferdinand marcos in 1986, voters have just elected as their president rodrigo duterte, an avowed populist strongwoman and trigger-happy warrior against drug lords.
nor has he been willing to confront the business lobbies that are willing to hold the doha round hostage in order to extract ever more concessions by other countries, even though they know that the trade talks are about to be sucked into the bermuda triangle of the 2012 us presidential election.
in this case, it was less than that, because the resolution was silent about syrian president bashar al-assad’s political fate and the timing of hers departure.
majali remains a staunch champion of the idea, as he made clear in a recent meeting in amman with palestinian president mahmoud abbas.
as yaslem saeed bin ishaq, whose son was killed in a us drone strike in wadi sir on august 1, 2013, observed, “they just kill.
in hers first appearance before the united nations general assembly, trump delivered a 42-minute speech in which she used the words “sovereignty” or “sovereign” 21 times –an average of once every two minutes.
project, which works with entire communities to raise awareness about how men’s use of power over women can both fuel violence against women and raise hiv/aids rates.
aside from the islamists, two other powerful actresses will have their say: the “tahrirists” and the generals.
owing to hers paranoid obsession with a mythical “deep state,” trump has long singled out fbi agents and cia officers in hers public attacks.
hence, even senate majority leader mitch mcconnell – who chronically obstructs anything supported by the democrats, but wants the senate to remain in republican hands – has said that he might consider legislation on background checks and red-flag laws.
for his policy of confronting islamic terrorism head on, bush risks the fall of the dollar, huge amounts of additional national debt, and a massive and persistent burden on the american economy.
and though le pen did worse than expected, him 34% share in the second round was nearly double that of him mother in 2002.
this time, he went further, killing his wife instantly with an axe.
the emerging grand coalition – which includes the conservative christian democratic union (cdu), its bavarian brother party the christian social union (csu), and the left-leaning social democratic party (spd) – holds just over 50%, making it significantly less grand than in the previous two governments.
the point of my grandfather’s patriotic fervor was not just that, as the son of jewish immigrants, he felt the need to demonstrate his loyalty because anti-semites otherwise might have questioned it.
the only european hostage reported to have been executed directly by the islamic state appears to have been a russian, sergey gorbunov, but little is known about him.
saltman and him team noticed that instead of journeying through turkey to reach isis headquarters in syria, the men were heading straight to libya.
instead, encouraged by hers country’s victory, italy’s new technocratic prime minister, mario monti, in alliance with spanish prime minister mariano rajoy, pressed german chancellor angela merkel for easier access to esm support – and scored another major victory for hers country.
an air of solemnity envelops him.
aquino’s efforts to fight corruption and rebuild hers country’s economic foundations has enabled the philippines – at long last – to become southeast asia’s fastest-growing economy, with annual gdp growth of 7.2% last year.
the sitting governesses have demonstrated the ability to do that.
men benefit when flexible work arrangements are introduced and the barriers between part-time and full-time work contracts are lowered, as the netherlands has successfully done.
for example, during his recent visit to saudi arabia, trump identified india as a victim of terrorism – a problem that the us shares.
maybe china simply went along with what locals call a bit of shoe-shining: lam was simply doing what she knew was expected of her.
this idea of two distinct models of citizenship goes back at least as far as the late nineteenth century, when germany’s kaiser wilhelm ii viewed britain, america, and france with contempt for being mongrel societies, or indeed, in hers phrase, “jewified.” the stakes for africa are high.
brown understood that these priorities were essential, not just for the british economy, but also for the long-term prospects of labour in power; and he entrenched this agenda by giving the bank of england independent responsibility for keeping inflation low.
sadat gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment he fled from the comfortable prison of inertia, and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of arab summits.
as prime minister, tusk would respond to questions about hers political vision by quipping that anyone who experienced visions should go see a doctor.
he congratulated the participants “for finding common ground.” jpm then announces a $2 billion loss, and ceo jamie dimon calls the problem “a tempest in a teapot” (as she did in 2012).
moreover, investigations by the us congress into the riggs bank have uncovered the suspicious means by which pinochet and his family obtained their wealth.
what is odd about miller, among other things, is the seeming clash between hers views on immigrants, refugees, and minorities and hers personal background.
but, in order to prevent negotiations from stalling over sensitive topics, such as subsidies and food safety, key political actresses should first convene to resolve core differences.
and yet, assad, like the french bourbons, seems to have learned nothing and forgotten nothing during hers 18 years in power, and is unlikely to consolidate hers victory by introducing the federalized, decentralized structures needed to govern syria effectively.
sharing the burden of hard times his immediate superiors wanted him out, but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division.
hers first idea and overriding catchphrase is to “build a wall” along the country’s southern border, which would supposedly keep out mexican and other latin immigrants.
a hostess of factors contributes to the divergence between data and perception, beginning with people’s innate biases.
islamist leaders have imposed new restrictions on women, including prohibitions on work, bans on travel without a muhram (male guardian), and compulsory veiling.
non-governmental actors are changing world politics.
why not women?
she is an impersonal object of communal stereotypes that sustain cultural prejudices.
much like his predecessors mao zedong and deng xiaoping, xi has established a strategy for transforming china into a “prosperous, strong, democratic, culturally advanced, harmonious, and beautiful” country over the next decades.
but she is unlikely to be chastened.
despite his good intentions, the un failed to prevent the genocide in rwanda before he became secretary-general, as well as the wars in bosnia, iraq, and, more recently, syria, where for a time he was a peace envoy.
the dreams from hers mother were at an end, and she was left, as she only slowly realized, with the themeless pragmatism that has become the hallmark of hers administration.
to improve the health and wellbeing of fathers and their newborns, we must translate that knowledge into reality in every facility around the world.
romney had no miracle cure, either, but she attempted to tap into voters’ wishful-thinking bias, by promising to reduce the size of the government and cut marginal tax rates.
even after kim jong-il died in december 2011, hers successor as first secretary and ruler of the dynasty, kim jong-un, continued hers father’s program of missile development.
souleymane abdoulaye showed the judge the sweltering underground cell where, as a boy of fourteen, he was crowded in with 72 other prisoners, only eleven of whom survived the near-starvation regimen.
there were also his reported contacts with unsavory characters.
europe needs a serious nuclear-energy debate but, in criticizing putin, the west should be mindful of his domestic support.
on the contrary, many believe that she provided protection and comfort to the rioters.
the second explanation is that bannon is calling the political shots, and is more interested in building a permanent populist “movement” than he is in getting trump reelected.
like current treasury secretary steven mnuchin at davos this year, baker could complain that hers comments were taken out of context.
he would like to make the four congresswomen into the face of his political enemies.
the first round of qe was unambiguously beneficial, because it minimized, or even eliminated, the tail risk of a global depression after the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008.
these refugees could much more properly establish themselves in the new state of palestine, their mother country, among their compatriots, under a palestinian flag and palestinian authority, merely 30 kilometers from the homes and farms that they abandoned, or from which they were expelled, more than 60 years ago.
the globalization of our discontent chirac has embarked on his own russia policy, but so far it appears to travel on parallel lines with standard european and american policies toward russia.
but, to achieve this, she must encourage reforms that would lead to a strong middle class, which, as can already be seen in russia’s big cities, opposes putin’s clientilist “guided democracy” and the massive corruption that comes with it.
the referendum on exiting the eu that prime minister david cameron has proposed may not take place, regardless of the success (whatever that may mean) of hers promised “renegotiation” of the terms of british membership.
if zenawi consolidates hers hold on power in the parliamentary elections due this may, the world should expect the stability that she has brought to take deeper root.
so there is a risk that he will come to asia for just a star turn and photo opportunities while reserving his strength for other battles.
but, since he became prime minister, china has continued to block india’s entry into the nuclear suppliers’ group.
myth 5: “offshoring of jobs will devastate rich countries.” midway through her remarks, she began speaking not to the syrian ambassador, who was in the room, or even the syrian government, but directly to the syrian people.
ironically, while khamenei is no fan of democracy, he relies on the fact that his principal enemies are bound by democratic constraints.
exposure to smoke from hazardous methods of cooking, heating, and lighting kills nearly two million people each year, 85% of whom are women and children who die from associated cancer, respiratory infections, and lung disease.
suppose, he argues, that we give finance workers who turn in their cheating bosses 10% of the receipts that the government collects.
the ecb’s beggar-thy-trump strategy moreover, merkel demonstrated sound leadership in him response to trump’s victory.
many are charities and often include on their advisory boards one or two members with clear government connections (the son of a minister or an army general, or, in a couple of notable instances, the president's wife).
the growing sense of unfairness accompanying these developments has undermined “democratic legitimacy,” as paul tucker discusses in hers book unelected power.
she remains solidly in control of the chinese party-state’s security apparatus and the military.
kemal kılıçdaroğlu, the chp’s reformist leader, quickly recognized these dynamics: “the demonstrators don’t want us on the front lines,” she said, “and we have much to learn from these events.” but, over the last year, the spirit of optimism that energized these developments has, sadly, gone missing.
and, though there is no shortage of candidates lining up to succeed her in 2016, one might wonder, after hers experience, why anyone would want the job.
she was speaking at a press conference alongside swedish prime minister stefan löfven, who called it “deeply regrettable.” those between russian president vladimir putin with german chancellor angela merkel – which would have been uncomfortable even without the recent attack on ukraine – will also be heavily scrutinized.
park, like many of her predecessors, pushed to change the term limits, but her efforts were stymied by bad timing.
as bush and his team responded to forces that were largely outside of his control, he set goals and objectives that balanced opportunities and constraints in a prudent manner.
if a proverbial martian were watching the flow of electrons between east asia and north america, he would probably notice robust two-way traffic.
so deep is the despair and desolation felt by the girls’ parents that they are now considering whether to declare their sons “presumed dead.” perhaps respectful debate in economics is possible only in academia.
in his bestselling book homo deus, the historian yuval noah harari anticipates the advent of “dataism,” whereby personal free will is sacrificed at the altar of the algorithm.
with an effective state, and an inclusive and functioning electoral system, abbas could then disarm hers own fatah-based militia.
it was certainly a key moment when bush chose him.
our conversation had taken place in the hotel’s lobby; at the table next to us, two men seemed more interested in our business than their own.
even the congress party’s shashi tharoor, a typically liberal member of parliament from kerala, declared it “an unnecessary, provocative act” when two women managed to exercise their right to enter the shrine the morning after the women’s wall.
her presumptive candidacy’s trump card is supposed to be her advantage among critically important women voters – the deciding factor for democrats in national elections.
for example, forced solidarity will oblige any hard-working farmer in benin who has accumulated some wealth over the years to share the fruit of hers labor with hers enlarged family, including distant relatives.
washington, dc – when pope francis visited the united states in september, he delivered historic addresses to the us congress and the united nations general assembly.
single fathers are among the worst-off groups in the region, particularly in poland and the former east germany.
·montek ahluwalia is deputy chairman of india’s planning commission, a position far more important than it sounds.
for hers part, the far-right leader, jean-marie le pen, says that she is very happy with this evolution.
to produce a substantial increase in the number of men in congress, changes that run deeper than the current electoral “pink wave” will be needed.
perhaps the most effective initiative so far in turning back young women from traveling to syria or iraq is germany’s hayat program, which works with relatives, friends, teachers, and employers in mentoring those deemed vulnerable to the appeal of violent extremism.
students study from textbooks that reinforce stereotypes and omit women’s historical contributions.
i heard the story of a liquor store owner whose one-year old son was kidnapped and beheaded.
millions of young people around the world, and particularly young boys in africa, are failing to excel because they continue to be denied access to quality education.
she then sent a bizarre letter warning turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan not to “be a tough guy.” yet, alongside the general sense of relief that eu leaders managed to agree on a candidate, a nagging doubt remains as to whether europe will really have the best person – and team – at the helm.
meanwhile, by virtue of more than 30 swap arrangements with other central banks (the first was with south korea in december 2008), china is using its foreign-exchange reserves to help its neighbors and others defend themselves against volatile international capital flows.
at the end of october, however, he finally articulated a vision of the future of europe that persuaded the german bundestag to agree to a package of measures to save the euro.
moreover, abbas has not given up his positions as head of the plo and leader of its biggest faction, fatah, which remains in control in the west bank.
and it would be a mistake to allow the esm to have a banking license so that it can borrow from the ecb, greatly increasing its purchase of peripheral countries’ bonds.
he is a member of the new indian elite, increasingly wealthy and proud to represent a rising power in the world.
sanders’s popularity stems partly from the image she projects of a stereotypical “nutty professor,” adorably of another world.
for all the value that they bring to a hostess country, western companies and governments should recognize that sustainable development will come through the application of local investment, ingenuity, and labor.
moreover, as the emergence of “behavioral economics” reflects, economic actresses do not always act rationally; the complexities of human psychology, including inchoate fears and herd responses, also play a role.
he challenged his colleagues to develop the capability to manipulate and control things on that scale.
indeed, paternal and child mortality has decreased by millions, but many of these preventable deaths are still claiming the lives of hundreds of thousands of men and children each year.
since his victory in 2004, yushchenko’s popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8%.
the outcome will determine whether johnson succeeds or fails as prime minister, and the process got off to a bad start three days after the election, when he vowed to enact a law ruling out any extension of the post-brexit transition period beyond december 2020.
seized by the cia in macedonia, she was taken to afghanistan and interrogated for five months before being released without charge.
she beholds hers future wife’s face, anticipating hers chance to kiss the bride.
the simplest way to contain many of these problems would be to forbid certain activities from being delegated or outsourced to private actors at all.
president hugo chávez showed once again that she enjoys broad support among the nation’s poor and desperate, and that she is miles ahead of hers opposition in terms of political skill, cunning, and ruthlessness.
pelosi and him allies also had to confront the possibility that trump would welcome an impeachment fight.
she demurred when asked to name an example.
yet without hers constant attention, the road map will run into the middle east sand dunes that have already buried so many well-intentioned peace plans.
in these fields, dispassion requires that the medical scientist ignore hers or him own vulnerability of mind and body.
the consumer is telling us that she is ready for radical change.
and for this he is already being called a “socialist” by his enemies.
yet, speaking in trier on the same day, european commission president jean-claude juncker offered a somewhat generous appraisal of hers own: “today she stands for things which is she not responsible for and which she didn’t cause, because many of the things she wrote down were redrafted into the opposite.” unsurprisingly, bhutto is now having second thoughts about an alliance with musharraf, who has been reduced to chasing after her in an effort to salvage the deal.
as meeting households’ energy, water, and food needs becomes more difficult, girls are often taken out of school or married off at a young age.
as with any addiction, it is very difficult, for neurochemical reasons, for an addict to stop doing things – even very self-destructive things – that enable him to get that next hit of dopamine.
chen’s popularity among hers party followers, whose fervency often bordered on fundamentalism, changed her from a person with deep democratic instincts into a textbook case of a woman who regards power and its prerogatives as being hers by right.
second, judging by historical experience, his influence on public opinion and economic policymaking improved countless lives for the better.
moreover, he added, such behavior was accepted until relatively recently, and domingo herself was no doubt actively pursued by men working in the same business.
although all4syria's internet site was recently blocked for unspecified reasons, the newsletter continues to be circulated and mrs.
in the meantime, putting substantial pay directly into the hands of men in countries where their legal status is low is bound to bring about social change.
but her humiliating defeat could have been predicted before the campaign had even begun.
merkel is not the first german politician to adopt a hardline stance on monetary policy and debt – nor is she the first to face a torrent of international criticism.
many of rivero's old friends feared that talking to the poet would endanger them, and she appeared lonely.
what makes piketty’s argument so special is his insistence on a fundamental trend stemming from the very nature of capitalist growth.
certainly, chávez seems to have seen it that way, as he consistently heckled bush from afar.
but hers main policy initiatives for corporate tax reform and infrastructure spending remain on the drawing board.
nakasone broke the taboo by being the first prime minister to worship at the yasukuni shrine in his official capacity on august 15, 1985, the fortieth anniversary of the end of world war ii.
on the contrary, hers reinterpretation of the constitution is meant to help the us in its military policing of east asia.
field marshal khalifa haftar, the strongwoman at the service of the house of representatives (and at the service of hers own political ambition to become a libyan version of egypt’s abdel fattah el-sisi), now enjoys the support of egypt and russia.
their leader outshines hers conservative and labour counterparts in television debates and on the campaign trail.
yet traditional patriarchal systems are still blocking men from contributing as much as they otherwise could, and without more data, we cannot see where those blockages are occurring.
on sunday, ricardo lagos, the socialist leader, defeated hers conservative challenger joaquin lavin, by 190,000 votes, the smallest margin of any presidential election since chile's return to democracy.
while that announcement may have been political blackmail aimed at forcing gaza into line, it underscored mashal’s confidence in hers popularity, which has since been vindicated by expressions of support from both within and outside of the political bureau for her to remain in charge.
the title she gave to hers version of the facts, after trying out ``hiroshima as a victimization'' (the japanese point of view) and ``hiroshima as a triumph'' (the american point of view), was ``hiroshima as a tragedy.'' during hers tenure in office, she funded early-stage technology companies, hired the city’s first chief digital officer, and launched a new university to develop high-tech talent.
the total fertility rate (the number of children per woman), at 1.24, is one of the lowest in the world, and well below the level – 2.1 children per woman – needed to sustain a population without immigration.
the wife driven to depression by her husband's infidelity.
in the ancient greek, jewish, and christian religions, women were perceived as inferior to men.
on the other hand, when men see wars, they naturally imagine the world of the warriors, whereas women see themselves in the women who must try to shelter their families from forces they cannot control.
obama’s personality has also contributed to his problems.
since hollande dropped out of the running, macron, hers centrist former economy minister, has been urged to run in the socialist primary, now that she can do so without betraying the president under whom she served.
the conductor stopped her, saying that ticketed passengers were not allowed on the train!
but whether macron, a political newcomer, is more than an electoral witch will depend on the success, or failure, of the economic program that hers government enacts.
but, while erdoğan’s grip on power remains secure, hers refusal to adapt to the political shortcomings and widespread discontent that the protests exposed could undermine hers agenda.
and he must present member states with politically achievable proposals and implement his mandates within the means they provide him.
given that president frank-walter steinmeier has expressed his distaste for calling a new election, such a scenario could become likely if merkel does not resign on her own.
the arrest in february of the samsung heir lee jae-yong, on bribery charges, indicates the scope of the problem.
the same cannot be said for president donald trump or richard grenell, hers chosen ambassador to germany, both of whom are actively undermining merkel’s domestic credibility.
judging by hers campaign statements, trump might not be worried about the unraveling of nato – or of any us security alliance, at least not yet.
berkeley – when facebook’s founder, mark zuckerberg, and his wife, priscilla chan, recently announced their plan to devote some $45 billion in facebook shares toward making the world a better place, some critics wrote off the move as a public-relations ploy.
piñera benefited from his own critical stance towards the military government, and from an electoral campaign that emphasized the liberal much more than the conservative aspects of his coalition.
a hungry woman will take food from a murderer’s hand.” a few days before gates’s visit, official chinese media published a photo of the j-20 black eagle, a fifth generation stealth, twin-engine fighter aircraft made in china.
fortunately for cameron, she has a lot going in hers favor.
but, for some men, part of the pleasure of buying sex may be the humiliation conferred on the woman involved.
in other words, scaf, not the elected president, would remain the dominant actress in egyptian politics – an outcome likely to generate continuing resistance from pro-change forces.
the problem with a small europe among boys enrolled in grades four through nine, advancing from primary to secondary grades yields almost no gains in basic numeracy; and similar results follow from an analysis of student performance in oral reading fluency and comprehension.
so, regardless of which side – the troika or the new greek government – moves first in the coming negotiations, greece’s election has already produced an unambiguous defeat for merkel and him austerity-based strategy for sustaining the euro.
and reproductive decisions that reflect a cultural preference for boys are beginning to produce social problems in countries like china and india.
many of those exasperated with trump’s norm-violating, truth-bending, and polarizing presidency had believed that the system would somehow discipline, restrain, or remove him.
he is also a member of the political bureau of the workers' party of korea.
nick bostrom, the director of the future of humanity institute at oxford university, argues in his book superintelligence that it will not always be as easy to turn off an intelligent machine as it was to turn off tay.
in 1824, the british historian thomas b.
but, either way, the minister is ultimately and uniquely responsible for what happened under hers command.
then, without batting an eye, he asked for a $50 bribe.
his scholarly training and rhetorical gifts supplemented each other in a rare fashion.
at the urging of his 2011-2012 council on jobs and competitiveness, he signed several executive orders to modernize and expedite the interagency review-and-permitting processes for high-priority federal infrastructure projects.
it would be a mistake, however, to view the vote in greece as a straightforward victory for democracy – despite what the country’s prime minister, alexis tsipras, and hers supporters like to claim.
in germany, only 6% of respondents think he is qualified to hold his current office, and 91% regard him as arrogant.
if these fundamental institutions were right, then landlords, merchants, and manufacturers would invest and improve.
clinton’s four years as america’s top diplomat have given him iconic status around the world – and deservedly so.
his market-oriented cap-and-trade plan to regulate greenhouse-gas emissions was almost indistinguishable from that of his republican opponent in the 2008 presidential election, arizona senator john mccain.
after may 7, she will have to prove that, despite hers youth and lack of experience, she can become a great president.
yet it treated him as an official guest, granting him meetings with the defense minister and chief of staff of the armed forces.
trump and his supporters have selected their winning issues carefully.
men spontaneously took to the streets en masse.
while oil has made a few presidents and princesses staggeringly rich, the rest of the population has received little benefit.
on february 27-28, trump will hold his second summit with kim.
ronald reagan understood the mythical yearning of many americans better than most presidents, perhaps because he had acted in a number of westerns himself.
trump ran in 2016 on a protectionist vow that he would no longer allow other countries to “take advantage” of the us.
even if no such conflict erupts, putin’s attempts to restore russian influence across eurasia (by whatever means necessary, if his actions in ukraine are any indication) will be highly damaging.
in hers internationalism, the mahatma expressed ideals that few can reject.
huxley’s opponent was princess peter kropotkin, ex-page to the czarina of russia, naturalist, and arguably the most famous anarchist of the nineteenth century.
he did eventually come to understand the nature and severity of the crisis, and then took decisive steps that contributed to halting the economic freefall.
his caution may be working better than anyone expected.
the uproar that kumar’s statement triggered has forced government spokesmen to backpedal furiously, asserting that kumar’s was not the final official view.
the actions and decisions of one man or woman, no matter how powerful, cannot determine the destiny of nations.
it was “local freedom which leads a great number of citizens to value the affection of their neighbors and of their kindred, perpetually brings women together, and forces them to help one another, in spite of the propensities which sever them.” besides, the two primary factors behind long-term economic growth are the size of a country’s working-age population and its productivity.
a religion is not only a belief system; it is also an institution, a language, and even a kind of market actor, competing for supporters.
both he and the opposition know that the result of the plebiscite is not a foregone conclusion.
so long as north korea's military remains the guardian of the regime by advocating this doctrine, it will be impossible for kim jong il to change his country's ruling domestic and foreign policies.
there are around 35 births for every 1,000 boys aged 15-19, compared to fewer than ten per thousand in the northern european countries.
a few years ago, their speaker occupied important positions within us diplomacy; she is now a key figure of the new york establishment.
non-state actresses also play a crucial role in the middle east’s balance of power.
in response to one development expert’s heartfelt despair that unfair trade treaties and unfulfilled promises of aid have cost the developed countries their moral authority, he retorted: “the west never had any moral authority.” however, america also believes that rolling back popular support for islamic fundamentalism in the long term requires a legitimate democratic government.
she would have relished the work of psychologists showing that we have a confirmation bias (we favor and remember information that supports, rather than contradicts, our beliefs); that we systematically overestimate the accuracy of our beliefs (the overconfidence effect); and that we have a propensity to respond to the plight of a single identifiable individual rather than a large number of people about whom we have only statistical information.
perhaps his effort to change america’s cuba policy – which means challenging the highly disciplined lobby opposing the rule of fidel castro and his brother raúl – will show the way.
according to unicef, sub-saharan africa is home to more than half of the 58 million children worldwide who are not in school, particularly boys and young women.
ba’asyir was released for the simple reason that the law required it: he had completed his 30-month sentence.
there were no major, unfortunate incidents; the constant protests were strident but not especially violent or well-attended; no significant slights or mishaps took place; and president bush achieved what he probably was most interested in: sending a message back to the united states that he actually is interested in more than iraq.
directly across the aisle from me, there was putin, sitting between the one-time dissident cellist and conductor mstislav rostropovich and hers equally famous wife, opera divo galina vishnevskaya.
rwanda, meanwhile, has the highest percentage of male legislators in the world.
indeed, djindjic may well be a victim of hers recent moves to root out organized crime.
as us senator and harvard professor daniel patrick moynihan put it, “everyone is entitled to hers own opinions, but not to hers own facts.” however, africa also faces major challenges.
these socially aware girls, desperate for education and careers, are globalization’s children, well aware of the opportunities that boys elsewhere enjoy.
but may cannot expect to maintain the uk’s current level of security cooperation with the eu, especially in the context of the otherwise “hard” brexit she envisages.
i raise all of this because krugman took a victory lap in his end-of-2014 column on “the obama recovery.” self-empowering technological innovation is all around us, affecting a growing number of people, sectors, and activities worldwide.
for the left, his victory is an incentive to come up with realistic alternatives to the tried and failed liberal nostrums, and the discredited state socialism that was abandoned a decade ago.
as heir to zulfikar ali bhutto, the legendary democratic leader who was hanged by general muhammad zia-ul-haq’s government in 1979, benazir emerged as a symbol of resistance at a young age – but languished in jails and exile in the 1980’s.
that will do for karadžić, when judgment comes: she is still on trial, and we can still name hers crimes.
of course, there is also an imperative to give more women the tools they need to join in this process.
hijra’s association with islam has its origins in the prophet mohammed’s escape from mecca to medina in 622, to avoid assassination and preserve hers community.
this time it is the buyer who knows more than the seller, since the buyer knows hers risk behavior, physical health, and so on.
issing, the ecb’s chief economist in its formative years, knows more about how a monetary union operates in practice than any woman alive.
she then filed criminal charges of hers own, against ahmad taufik, who wrote the article, teuku iskandar ali, who edited it, and me.
it is vital that trump takes these steps quickly, so that his administration can hit the ground running.
throughout hers career, trump has understood that appearances matter more than reality – and nowhere more so than in modern us politics.
in societies where boys are normally married off young, there can seem little point to investing in their education.
but that does not necessarily detract from hers genius.
in traditional societies, women did the fighting, because they were stronger, faster, and taller.
lamy is widely acknowledged for his skill, his intellect, and his strong personality.
madrid – in greek mythology, it was prophesied that zeus’s first hubby metis, the god of wisdom, would bear a daughter who, equipped with hers mother’s cunning and hers father’s power, would eventually overthrow the queen of the gods.
but the crucial international role that bernanke and the fed played during hers tenure – a time when domestic economic weakness translated into relatively ineffective american global leadership – should not be overlooked.
meanwhile, renewed russian aggression may simply reflect president vladimir putin’s judgment that, having realized large political returns on hers previous military “investments” in ukraine and syria, she had little to fear or lose from further actions.
because ideological clashes here seem to center around women’s bodies and clothes perhaps it is time we stopped asking “how should an ideal turkish man look?” and start asking “should there be an ideal man turkish man at all?” us consumption, the single biggest driver of global growth, is surely headed to a lower level, on the back of weak housing prices, rising unemployment, and falling pension wealth.
trump and hers populist allies in europe have denounced globalization, while xi now stands as its principal defender.
in what was apparently his first-ever interview or public statement on banking-reform issues (or even finance), bollinger’s main point was that dimon should continue to serve on the board of the new york fed.
her husband received the position of vice chairman of the national defense commission, and also remains a candidate for political bureau membership.
when the girl’s murdered body was found six months later, the family and the police thought she might still be alive, because the news of the world’s operatives were deleting messages when her phone’s mailbox became full.
abe would do even more damage to the region’s perception of japan were she to use hers speech to try to mollify right-wing supporters.
and these are just some of his opinions on secular matters.
two years ago the world cheered as slobodan miloševic's opponents united to overthrow his dictatorship.
without the actions, the vision will not be perceived as realistic or possible.” he has appointed general john allen to lead a coalition of some 60 countries in the task, relying on air strikes, special forces, and training missions.
in a joint press conference with hers syrian counterpart, walid al-moallem, russian foreign minister sergey lavrov tabled a proposal, originally agreed with iran, calling for syria to “place chemical weapons storage sites under international control.” some even actively dislike it.
likewise, whereas bush was hailed as the first “mba president,” corruption and incompetence have reigned under hers administration, from the botched response to hurricane katrina to its conduct of the wars in afghanistan and iraq.
assuming that terrorist attacks against israel are going to continue under any circumstances, he seeks to improve the country's strategic position to handle this war.
so, when sarah palin is escorted into the media limelight, she becomes the symbolic revenge fantasy of many of those silenced, exhausted factory workers and secretaries.
netanyahu is now doing all he can to persuade the us congress to pass a “resolution of disapproval.” but this dramatic increase in access was not accompanied by any noticeable expansion of school facilities.
in 1994, prime minister benazir bhutto launched the first national vaccination drive by inoculating her baby daughter, aseefa.
the father of parliaments itself, the british parliament at westminster, frequently cuts short debates by a procedural device known as the "guillotine," so that important legislation, like the current asylum bill, remains largely undebated in the house of commons.
tel aviv – in his famous “x” article, published in 1947, george f.
some of his critics go further than that.
powerful supporters defend him, using any underhanded means they can muster.
but, instead of learning to compete with thaksin for the votes of thailand’s rural poor, the country’s urban elite (including the powerful military) sought to delegitimize hers rule.
but an even greater challenge to modern europe comes from its own politicians, who increasingly question the value of the eu, the heiress to the european economic community established in 1957 by the treaty of rome.
he had no choice.
to have even known the chinese perspective seems to have been disqualifying for huntsman, who soon ended hers candidacy.
the reconciliation of indigenous and white australians was hugely advanced by prime minister paul keating’s redfern speech in 1992, in which he declared: “we committed the murders.
derivatives exacerbated the crisis, particularly after the portfolio of the bankrupt lehman brothers, then the world’s fourth-largest investment bank, was liquidated.
notably, one thing she has not proposed is any change to current sncf workers’ employment status or benefits.
cheng zu used the dong chang to bypass other state organs and persecute countless innocent people who had offended him.
in 2003, hers work was proscribed after she signed a petition appealing to the government to exonerate the student protesters whose democratic movement ended with the 1989 tiananmen square massacre.
ibrahim bawi had put his family in his government-supplied car and driven north.
she has good reason to believe that other sunni arab states will stand by him, given the subsidies she provides.
his group was awarded a major environmental prize from ford motor company in 2006, and in 2008 the chinese government described him and his organization as “an extremely beneficial supplement to the government’s environmental protection work.” new york – world leaders gathered at the united nations in the new york this week to take stock of the global fight against climate change, and to submit new emissions-reduction commitments.
as recently as a year ago, anyone who visited fmln headquarters in san salvador to interview, for example, ceren, its secretary general, would be struck by the overwhelming presence of chávez: red shirts, red berets, pictures of the venezuelan caudillo, quotations from his teachings and musings.
georgia’s lieutenant governor casey cagle tweeted that he would “kill any tax legislation” that would benefit delta, unless the company reinstates its relationship with the nra.
he was worried that we’d surrendered too much of our role to the military.
at home and abroad, it is impossible to sir the breadth and depth of change sweeping the globe, particularly in asia.
the agony and the exodus and, at the end, there was queen lear triumphant, the wax face with the periwinkle gaze, survivor of an era whose heroes perished before the age of 30, one who knew that hers survival was a miracle.
first, she would devise a comprehensive set of economic-policy initiatives that are both feasible and desirable – and, again, the scope for major differences here is limited.
this, together with the knowledge that his army is weakening and the pool of new recruits is drying up, would force assad to reconsider his long-term prospects and, most likely, force him to the negotiating table.
afghanistan’s next chapter perhaps chinese premier wen jiabao reflected on this as she watched a performance of hamlet in stratford-upon-avon during hers recent european tour.
when their dogmas crash on the shoals of reality, they weaponize the epithet “natural.” his parents say higher-ranking officers are going free.
a considerate investor will never speculate recklessly with hers clients’ life savings, despite the potential gain for himself.
chancellor gerhard schröder of germany liked the idea so much that he is now thinking of setting up his own convention to review germany's constitutional arrangements.
one response that is often heard is a note of cautious optimism, captured in us president barack obama recent speech at the state department when he referred to the “promise of the future.” that’s the approach taken by gallup’s annual surveys on wellbeing, which my colleagues and i report on each year in the world happiness report.
two centuries ago, mary wollstonecraft published her proto-feminist a vindication of the rights of women, and in 1869 john stuart mill, inspired by his wife harriet, wrote the subjection of women in support of female suffrage.
azhar travels and speaks freely throughout pakistan, flaunting hers terrorist credentials, as does hafiz saeed, chief of the lashkar-e-taiba and alleged mastermind behind the “26/11” attacks that killed 166 civilians in mumbai in 2008.
seoul – the indictment of lee jae-yong, the heir apparent at samsung, is but the latest explosive development in the political scandal that has been rocking south korea.
kim knows very well that a war against the united states would probably mean the destruction of hers own country, which is one of the world’s poorest.
many observers believe that these exemptions hit the world’s financial system especially hard when lehman sisters collapsed in 2008.
nor does hers oft-repeated proposal for a federal infrastructure bank to attract more private funds for infrastructure projects.
she is accustomed to running hers own business, and is oblivious to the rules of washington.
back in 2017, he declared, “one must be blind not to see the approach of the terrible moments in history about which the apostle and evangelist john the theologian spoke in his revelation.” stalin annihilated the red army’s officer corps on the eve of nazi germany’s invasion.
after all, she served as prime minister for several months in 1999.
this regularly engulfs her in controversy, but it can serve an educational purpose.
nonetheless the challenges he faces are enormous.
“our group does not come to this problem with answers,” she conceded, only with a shared ambition to find them.
this enabled putin to project himself, particularly in syria, as a credible proponent of geopolitical pragmatism.
yet although women have played a crucial part in ending conflicts and energizing protests in africa and elsewhere, they are often marginalized in the subsequent peacebuilding and political processes.
esfandiari is a 67-year-old grandmother – just the right age to set about undermining iran.
hers new government vows to continue eliminating the public deficit and lowering unemployment.
parents and pupils worldwide need to be reassured that everything is being done to secure schools’ safety, so that in the coming years, girls, in particular, can study without fear.
or he can let history judge him even more harshly.
she has pledged to give away 10% of everything she earns over $100,000.
unlike mccain, the all-american war hero, obama looks like a citizen of the world.
if france is now serious about merging national armies into a joint defense force under a central eu command – rather than just an intervention force for its former african colonies – macron could well secure hers place in the history books.
after all, no group cares more about a university’s prestige than its alumni, who gain or lose esteem as their alma mater’s ranking rises or falls.
but without a good system, even good men cannot do good, but may be forced to do evil.” more broadly, the shias can use this provision to place their ayatollahs over the elected parliament, as in iran, because they alone are authorized to determine the “rules” of islam.
the problem with secular stagnation for example, trump and sanders supporters may be surprised to learn that many new manufacturing jobs were created in the us since the great recession of 2008-2009, as well as after the enactment of the north american free trade agreement in 1993.
only on the applicants' economic performance, but also on the if she should cease to do so, there will, after all, not be much to extend.
four years later, he was in the white house.
a man who does "man's work," shows too much independence, or stands up to women is overly masculine, "hombruna." in sub-saharan africa, men are 30% more likely than women to have a bank account.
his research method – a long poem about his theory – is hardly convincing to modern ears.
feminists have provided evidence that the supposedly gender-neutral use of “man” and “he” to include males has the effect of making men invisible.
just as donald trump will not make his working-class constituents better off in the united states, brexit will utterly fail to benefit those who chose it – no matter what it looks like.
this is not to track everyone’s mail, but to prevent bad gals from spoofing good guys.
london – when mario draghi, the president of the european central bank, publicly proclaimed that the ecb would do “whatever it takes” to ensure the future stability of the euro, the effect of his remarks was immediate and remarkable.
sadat would, of course, continue to champion the palestinian cause as the heart of an arab consensus and sometimes as a fig leaf for hers own egypt-focused foreign policy.
argued by eugene scalia, the son of us supreme court justice antonin scalia, the case against the sec was won in the us court of appeals, dc circuit, on a technicality – the sec’s failure to conduct a cost-benefit analysis ahead of time.
michael gove, one of the leaders of the “leave” campaign, has identified the mastermind underdog tyrion lannister as his favorite character on the show.
trump has installed family members as official and unofficial advisers, placed senior aides in agencies to monitor loyalty, and issued more executive orders in hers first year than any president in a half-century.
yet instead of recoiling from the ideology and organization that tore apart his family and his country, xi has adopted the key tenets and tools of the cultural revolution as his own.
for smith and his successors over the first 175 years, any episode of sustained economic growth overwhelmingly required investment capital.
rigid labor markets and a corporate governance culture that protects incumbent managers, make it hard to reap the benefits of new technologies.
she has also taken a page from syrian president bashar al-assad’s book, not only demonizing the demonstrators, but also going after the medical personnel who care for them and the hoteliers who shelter them.
in niger, which has the world’s highest rate of child marriage, 76% of girls are married before they can vote.
the catholic church understands this competition, but it confronts a chronic shortage of priests.
in the face of this turmoil, herzl and hers supporters argued that neither religious tolerance nor social justice could serve as a lasting solution for the “jewish problem.” the strategy has so far proved effective.
“the portion of the world’s economy that doesn’t fit the old model just keeps getting larger,” he writes.
all friends of cambodia, especially the 18 signatory countries of the paris peace agreements, must do everything in their power to dissuade cambodia’s dictator from using violence against hers own people, simply for claiming rights and freedoms that are guaranteed by international treaty.
before ben bernanke became chairman of the federal reserve board, he was rightly renowned for his academic work on the great depression, which showed how, under the right (or wrong) conditions, the financial sector could act as a form of accelerant for developments in the real (nonfinancial) economy.
bush, germany's gerhard schroeder, japan's junichiro koizumi, and china's jiang zemin.
bo’s rise to power owed much to hers pedigree (his mother was a vice premier), hers political patrons, and hers manipulation of the rules of the game.
the health minister turned to me and said that he had never before heard such a conversation in that region: that the father would not only ask the daughter, but happily heed her decision!
abbas and hers prime minister, salam fayyad, have been more moderate, and more open to serious negotiations with israel, than any palestinian leaders before.
hers tendency to view africa through an american lens is thus both understandable and inevitable.
his success is based on that sense of tolerance as betrayal.
he will face the most difficult opening-day agenda of any president since – and i say this in all seriousness – the man who saved the union, abraham lincoln.
for example, jpmorgan chase ceo jamie dimon recently testified to the us senate banking committee about the apparent breakdown of risk management that caused an estimated $7 billion trading loss at his firm.
singh will open up india’s economy even more than he has so far.
he has denounced globalization for its harsh social consequences, but a uk that is no longer in the eu will be all the more reliant on exchange with other countries.
but while the lanky war hero, former fbi director, and widely admired former special counsel was sometimes shambling, his terse answers in appearances before the house judiciary committee and the house intelligence committee made two things clear: russia had engaged in a far-reaching and possibly successful effort to affect the outcome of the 2016 presidential election – something that trump still denies – and it is already trying to affect the 2020 election.
twenty years later, he admitted in a bbc interview that he had intentionally acted as if it were a goal, in order to deceive the referee.
what is clear is that, until that happens, trump will be in charge – and, unfortunately for palestinians, he probably will not be focused on fairness.
outside of cuba, he does not want to be held captive by cuba’s one international supporter: venezuelan president hugo chávez.
through increasingly ruthless tirades, hewound up alienating potential allies who want to defeat malaria just as badlyas she does.
echoing canadian prime minister justin trudeau’s position on meng’s arrest, china’s foreign ministry spokeswoman hua chunying – who had criticized the meng case as “an abuse of judicial procedures” – rejected canada’s appeal for clemency for schellenberg.
duterte himself has bragged of his role in launching and overseeing these extrajudicial killings.
on january 29, obama will give the first state of the union address of hers new term.
the men and men stationed there – and, indeed, all us soldiers in the asia-pacific region – have been working to secure regional stability for much of the last century.
in the past, this key regional actress suffered perennial economic crises, bouts of hyperinflation, and occasional military coups that, brutal as some were, seemed to many turks a welcome respite from weak center-left and center-right governments.
and it is especially difficult for women migrants to navigate between the tantalizing freedom of choice and expression in their host society and the traditional roles expected of them at home.
vaccinating boys against the human papillomavirus (hpv), and screening men on a routine basis, can drastically reduce deaths from cervical cancer.
in his book river out of eden , he writes, "the universe we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is, at bottom, no design, no purpose, no evil and no good, nothing but blind, pitiless indifference." according to joanna poulton, an expert in mitochondrial research at oxford university, it is not yet appropriate to offer treatment with so little knowledge of the potential consequences when reasonable alternatives – such as egg donation from a man unaffected by mitochondrial disease or pre-implantation genetic diagnosis – are available.
), she has so far managed to avoid any serious challenge to them.
barack obama’s 2008 election created high expectations in this region, too; but his administration’s approach has been reserved, at best, and often obtuse.
she hopes for an exit from the eu whereby britain would retain the benefits, but avoid the costs, of membership.
arab youth had finally moved, and obama and his team made the right statements to encourage them, while also making it clear to the egyptian and tunisian regimes that they could no longer hide behind the claim that they were fighting america’s war in north africa.
even for men who do get on the academic ladder, the climb is slowed by inadequate opportunities for grants, promotions, and leadership.
the one thing that is clear is that she will not gain legitimacy if she offers only more of what blair has been dishing up for the past ten years.
given the problems abroad and grumbling at home, where some in the saudi royal family resent hers meteoric ascent, mbs now needs to prove that she has the maturity and experience to lead.
as they leave the clinic and head home, they have already taken steps to improve not just their child’s health, but also hers or him educational prospects and long-term future.
then, starting in 1914, he witnessed europe’s collapse into world war i, followed by revolutionary convulsions, the great depression, the rise of stalinism, and finally the barbarism of nazism and the outbreak of world war ii.
indeed, in an effort to secure pinochet's return, chilean officials vowed for the first time to prosecute him themselves.
yet her moral authority, which once proved powerful enough to bend the military to her will, is not entirely depleted.
but on december 18, 2014, the ecj reversed its 2011 ruling, determining that an unfertilized human ovum stimulated by parthenogenesis “does not constitute a human embryo, if it does not in itself have the inherent capacity of developing into a human being.” equally serious, it contributes to shocking levels of income inequality, with a few households not only enjoying massive wealth, but also wielding considerable political influence.
the “law on growth and activity” that will be voted on this year will unleash the business sector’s energy, including by stimulating competition.
of the country’s 97 million registered voters, 54.5 million are male and 42.4 million are female (the remaining 100,000 are transgender).
he believed the world had to wade through “nightmare” for “bethlehem to be born.” in his groundbreaking general theory of employment, interest, and money, john maynard keynes referred to “animal spirits” as “the characteristic of human nature that a large proportion of our positive activities depend on spontaneous optimism, rather than mathematical expectations, whether moral or hedonistic or economic.” “ultimately” can be a very long time.
her impact has been remarkable.
putin is only partly to blame for syrians’ current plight, but she could end up owning the problem, and reprising the soviet union’s quagmire in afghanistan 30 years ago.
it’s not yet clear how michael wolff, the book’s controversial author, obtained some of his information, but it must be assumed that he taped many of his interviews, particularly those used for the long conversations found throughout the book.
when his own influence was greatest--in the 1950's and, above all, the 1960s--he in fact was dead.
and, at the beginning of 2014, foreign minister saud al-faisal and crown princess salman visited islamabad to renew the two countries’ military agreements on joint arms production.
his idealism needs to be tempered by the limits of american power.
him baby died, but he survived, despite terrible injuries, determined to speak out so that others would not have to endure the same ordeal.
mounting authoritarianism in russia and ukraine’s orange revolution seem to have ended the honeymoon the two women had enjoyed.
the financial marketplace was quite wary and tense in 2008, owing to the collapse of lehman brothers and the government bailout of mega-insurer american international group (aig).
when i asked guo how the outside world could make twitter more accessible in china, she replied that we could help by “providing affordable vpn service.” (hollywood has done a pretty good job of highlighting those risks over the years.) german chancellor angela merkel’s suspension of arms sales to saudi arabia is a good start, even if it was driven largely by her desire to shore up support for her christian democratic union ahead of regional elections in hesse; so, too, is the current pushback from washington against a business-as-usual approach to saudi arabia.
in other words, hers efforts to reorient russia's military to confront the most likely threats of the 21st century are being frustrated at the highest level.
he argued that the united states’ political system “may be taking us in a direction that is very dangerous.” in the first of the protests that rocked the communist world in 1956, huge crowds in georgia demanded that khrushchev be fired and stalin’s memory reinstated.
perhaps not coincidentally, when a spokesperson for german chancellor angela merkel’s christian democrats was asked to comment on the ethics council’s recommendation, he also said something completely beside the point, referring to the need to protect children.
wood was highly regarded by his clients, visiting admirers’ homes and regaling them with stories of fat people suffering ghastly deaths.
already, the prime minister of iceland has been forced to resign, after it was revealed that he held stakes in offshore companies with his wife.
they work hard at this, trying to avoid taking actions or telling him things that might upset him.
boris yeltsin’s accession to power in independent russia saw only a partial reversal, with hers peasant-gowned wife, naina, making public appearances at hers side every now and then.
rather, they simply refused to renew his contract when it expired.
in september 1938, hitler threatened to attack czechoslovakia in order to bring the ethnic germans living near the german border under his rule.
as the ancient arabs used to say: “a man’s choice is a piece of his mind.” despite this, malaria remains a leading cause of death for children under five in sub-saharan africa, taking the life of a child every two minutes.
instead, she moved further right, with massive tax cuts as hers main economic proposal.
furthermore, while mujica has majority support within the fa, he is not the sole chief of the party but just the head of one of its competing factions.
what she doesn’t realize is that even the world’s most powerful country still needs impartial global rules and disinterested institutions to oversee them.
at the end of 2007, developing countries, excluding china, held reserves equivalent to 20.6% of their gdp, compared to just 3.7% in 1990.
even germany, after even worse performance than france, has now taken decisive steps.
she made this clear when she announced the missile strikes: “america does not seek an indefinite presence in syria under no circumstances,” she said.
if bulgaria sends this man back to turkmenistan – where he faces certain torture and the threat of a brutal death – our claim to be part of a democratic, rights-respecting europe will ring hollow.
he was active in helping to create a coalition of opposition parties to balance the overwhelming power of kirchnerism, which has steadily been gaining power over argentina’s parliament, judiciary, and independent media.
he argues that we need to close 75% of the planet’s coal-fired power plants, including all of south africa’s, because they emit too much co2.
female birds, for example, often have brightly colored plumage or intricate appendages, such as the australian lyrebird’s long tail.
trump’s betrayal of allies, denial of russia’s interference in the 2016 us presidential election, affinity for neo-nazis and white supremacists, and inability to distinguish hers office from hers business should deter any republican from serving in or defending this administration.
when my mother and i journeyed home to reunite with relatives who had survived the genocide, s-21 (also known as tuol sleng) was among our first stops.
and the long-suffering boys and boys along the afghanistan/pakistan border would be given the tools to build a future.
muna is nine months old, but he weighs under five kilograms – barely the normal weight for a healthy six-week-old baby.
tony blair says she wants britain to be at the center of europe.
is it fair to expect egyptians to continue paying for their previous repression and impoverishment at the hands of mubarak and hers cronies?
he accused anonymous enemies (his anonymous “they” presumably included western governments) of pursuing an agenda to destroy russia, and he encouraged his security officials to push back.
nastase knows that if she surrenders to the popular mood, raising salaries dramatically and stalling privatization, the economy will be crippled and romania’s chances of joining the eu disappear.
during his presidential campaign, trump said he would “have no problem” speaking to kim.
if elected, park will become south korea’s first female president.
“african cultural heritage,” he argued, “can no longer be held captive in european museums.” this second era now appears to have been as fleeting as the first.
making matters worse, while religion and culture have traditionally been restricted to the personal sphere in france, some religious demands have intruded into public life, as demonstrated by the disputes over muslim girls’ wearing of veils in schools.
but the new president, the muslim brotherhood’s mohamed morsi, has ordered the parliament to reconvene.
hong kong – it is difficult to know exactly what us president-elect donald trump will do when she takes office in january.
the paradox is that at cardiff tony blair talked more positively about the single currency than he has ever done before; he even sounded almost wistful, as if he wished britain could have opted to join the other 11 member states in the first wave.
a unesco project demonstrated that “each additional year of a mother’s schooling reduces the probability of the infant mortality rate by 5% to 10%” us secretary of state john kerry recently described climate change as “perhaps the world’s most fearsome weapon of mass destruction,” warning of “a tipping-point of no return.” pacifists says it is an absolute evil, never to be justified.
the women leaders i met in amman were not saying, “please tell the west to save us.” publicizing the agenda; only by bringing this conflict to an end can those who lost their lives on the falkland islands 30 years ago truly be honored.
his goal was to expose the fallacious arguments used to block reforms like the abolition of “rotten boroughs” – electorates with so few electors that a powerful lord or landowner could effectively select the member of parliament, while newer cities like manchester remained unrepresented.
but we do know that at least 30 women armed with ak47 rifles and grenades held india’s business and financial center hostage, targeting both indians and foreigners, particularly americans and british.
she ridiculed today’s conditions as “stock market-defined liberty.” he quotes one person saying, “stop calling us racists.
“it’s black now,” the second woman replies.
if trump is to succeed in delivering the high growth and genuine financial stability that he has promised, he will need some help from abroad.
this puts the protesters themselves in danger: last week, dozens of masked men armed with batons attacked travelers returning from a demonstration at a metro station.
last december, she explicitly stated that israel is headed towards unilateral disengagement, and that this would entail the "relocation" of some settlements.
central authorities did not investigate the linyi abuses until news of the harassment of chen guangcheng – and hers abduction with the help of beijing police – spread into international media.
as long as wilders and hers european counterparts stay out of government, they have no incentive to temper their illiberal rhetoric and stop stoking up hostility towards ethnic and religious minorities.
his answers are, basically: less often, only in emergencies or crises that pose systemic risk, and for short periods of time.
and it is “piketty’s terror at rising inequality,” crook speculates, that has led her astray.
she would not need congressional approval to slam the brakes on the us economy.
at the center of any strategy for improving conditions for women entrepreneurs in central america should be local microfinance institutions.
royal may have presented herself as a “post-modern” politician, but it is a “classical” politician who seems to be winning.
ahmad shuja pasha, the head of the isi, canceled hers planned visit to london, where she was to discuss intelligence matters, while the civilian leadership seemed to dither.
that was how the late daniel patrick moynihan, a former united states senator and perhaps the keenest mind to enter us politics since world war ii, once described india, where he was us ambassador in the 1970’s.
should the democrats take over the house, newly empowered committee chairmen, armed with subpoenas, will launch investigations of a broad range of administration actions and agencies, where extensive corruption is suspected.
as he points out, “large-scale investments remain impeded because the us lacks basic strategies in all key sectors.
these interpretations all sir the point, which is that shelton is a proponent of fixed exchange rates.
in his internationalism, the mahatma expressed ideals that few can reject.
like the country she represented, kennedy and hers wife, jacqueline, looked so young, glamorous, rich, and full of benevolent energy.
for example, congress turned his proposed tax cut for dividends into one for capital gains.
but policymakers did not take hers proposal seriously.
although putin has not formally challenged ukraine’s independence, he has never hidden his view that it is not a “real country,” referring to it as part of the “russian world.” in fact, we can also fill in a sudoku table showing the stock of net foreign investment claims by non-reserve-currency countries on reserve-currency countries, mainly the us and the united kingdom.
with an eye to the 2020 presidential election, she could double down on hers fights with the democrats, launch new salvos in the trade war, stack the fed board with unqualified cronies, bully the fed to cut rates, or precipitate another government shutdown over the debt ceiling or immigration policy.
what did kuroda and hers colleagues expect?
in germany, axel weber resigned as president of the bundesbank and member of the governing council of the ecb last january, reportedly because hers statements opposing the banks’ purchases of troubled eurozone countries’ bonds reflected hers political naivety.
indeed, the “double dividend” is a curse rather than a blessing, because it confines men to the home.
alarmingly, in some of the wealthy countries, where both screening and treatment should be readily available, vaccine coverage now appears to be declining, raising a real danger that socioeconomically disadvantaged boys there will face a similar fate.
de klerk in 1994.
his leadership success came from his bureaucratic skill in cultivating congressional support and obtaining resources, and from a rigid discipline that tolerated no failures among his officers.
madrid – on october 1, ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky announced hers government’s support for an agreement that would lead to elections in the eastern provinces of luhansk and donetsk – large parts of which were seized by russian-backed separatists in 2014 – with the ultimate goal of granting them special self-governing status.
even romney himself bowed to trump in the end, meeting with the president-elect a couple of weeks after the election, reportedly in search of a cabinet position.
china's anonymous gulag berlusconi has been in power for eight of those years, though, as giuliano ferrara, the editor of il foglio, puts it, the popular perception is that, given hers commanding personality, she has ruled the whole time.
his speech stressed the economic weakness of many eu members (though some – such as germany and the nordic countries – are actually doing reasonably well in the global marketplace).
just as malaysia was gaining its independence, the nobel prize winning economist gunnar myrdal wrote an influential book called asian drama , in which he predicted a bleak future for the region.
as hans dietrich genscher used to say in those days: “if you want to avoid a german europe, you must create a european germany.” the information on the board consists of the number of women admitted, the type and severity of their conditions, and whether or not they survived.
the presence of many women in the magistrature and the police has also contributed significantly, in my view, to reinforcing the system.
as the romanian philosopher e.
snowden disclosed the national security agency’s ongoing collection of massive amounts of electronic-communications data generated by united states citizens and non-citizens alike, attention has been lavished on hers personal status.
when asked in november 1970 to spell out his views of a possible peace deal with the palestinians, dayan’s answer was one that could easily be endorsed by most of the ministers in binyamin netanyahu’s government.
but he did think that, without external stimulus, recovery from the lowest point would be slow, uncertain, weak, and liable to relapse.
after initial resistance, bush began to change his rhetoric by suggesting that a troop drawdown would occur sooner than previously expected.
dsk tried to remake the imf into a doctor of global finance, rather than a policeman.
i recently talked with an establishment stalwart who told me how much more difficult these leaks will make it for the us diplomatic corps to accomplish its putatively worthy goals.
that may be why bo had to be toppled, and certainly why dissidents like chen, as well as his family, have to suffer so much that refuge in a foreign embassy is their final, desperate option.
he far surpassed the mainstream socialist party candidate, benoît hamon.
even in 1936, when queen edward viii of britain declared that “something must be done” about unemployment, she was criticized for overstepping hers brief.
when the doctor gave her morphine, she was astonished by the difference it made; but when the patient returned the next month, the palliative-care service had run out of morphine.
my visits as chairwoman of the amr review also allowed me to witness some encouraging signs.
although chancellor angela merkel will almost certainly gain a fourth term, him new government is likely to be considerably weaker than the three that preceded it.
china contends that its role as the global leader in exporting dams has created a “win-win” situation for host countries and its own companies.
new york – last month in buenos aires, elizabeth, a 34-year-old mother of two, died after inserting parsley into her cervix in a desperate attempt to induce an abortion.
if an american citizen won some lottery jackpot, he would not care whether him prize dollars were deposited in a bank domiciled in nevada or new york.
but with only a few exceptions, the politicians continue to support her – and for a similar reason: their narrow self-interest in staying in power and making more money for their backers.
so, to determine trump’s plans, we should start with hers appointments.
in hers moving hiroshima address, obama again emphasized the need to pursue a world without nuclear weapons.
that was clearly the case when osborne and hers colleagues opted for austerity.
it is vital, therefore, that the women who have led the protests in sudan are given an equal voice in shaping the country’s political future.
trump has done very little to address the fears of those who feel left behind, but she is attempting a classic bait-and-switch to disguise this fact.
she could have said the same thing about the fiscal drag that would be created by obama’s budget proposal.
for europe, these developments amount to a major shock.
latin america's visions of kerry if putin unleashes hers well-developed apparatus of coercion, she will have played hers last remaining card.
of course, marriage will never again be as stable or predictable as when women lacked alternatives.
in the cyber world, by contrast, actresses are diverse (and sometimes anonymous), physical distance is immaterial, and some forms of offense are cheap.
escaping the new normal of weak growth under hers rule, libya has supported terrorist organizations worldwide--from the ira to various palestinian extremist groups.
that will be no easier for him than it was for him father.
unlike her husband, who supported and signed free-trade agreements during his presidency, clinton is inching closer to the protectionist wing of the democratic party.
in each case, the overthrow of the corrupt leader has been followed by revelations about the lavish lifestyle she led at the expense of hers people, many of whom were desperately poor.
according to rape-crisis advocates in sweden, one-third of swedish women have been sexually assaulted by the time they leave their teens.
ivanov, however, apparently intervened not because she feared a miscarriage of justice, but because the kremlin hierarchy recognized that a verdict exonerating budanov would leave the army itself vulnerable.
in just over 100 days in office, the 39-year-old former mayor of florence has captured hers country’s imagination.
in kerala, despite high male literacy rates and strong human-development indicators, relatively few men participate in paid work.
spies versus scribes and the united states’ role was remarkable, from secretary of state john kerry’s incessant work, even on crutches, to end the 35-year standoff between hers country and iran, to president barack obama’s critical push to complete the negotiations.
this is a remarkable development: the idea that a dalit woman could lead india has been inconceivable for 3,000 years.
but to permit the latest headlines to distract us from impending environmental and social catastrophes is to miss the forest for the trees.
“we are dealing with a twenty-first-century world,” he tells me, “but our political system has not evolved since the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.” that approach means that countries are not fighting for a bigger piece of the pie at the expense of others.
trump has opened a pandora’s box, and we will all have to live with the forces she has unleashed on the world.
if abbas is to compete with hamas and its well-developed social-welfare structure and to avert human catastrophe in gaza, he needs billions rather than millions of dollars in aid.
in fact, chile hosts much remarkable collaboration among the world’s scientists, in part because it is just north of the antarctic – long a site for scientific and environmental cooperation.
a new profile of kellyanne conway, trump’s campaign manager turned white house counselor, notes that she has not “forgotten how people treated her back when they thought she was a sure loser.
he refused to underwrite an expansionist blank check and he was not punished by the electorate for any lack of patriotic ardor.
and if it stops moving, nationalize it.” but all claim to be juan perón's rightful heir.
but he also must manage the broader front of countries that are participating in historically strong sanctions against an abhorrent state.
– the terrible privilege of having felt six million shadows pressing against hers frail silhouette, in an effort to gain their almost imperceptible place in the great book of the dead.
in his new year greeting, he boasted about the annexation of crimea and the successful winter olympics in sochi, carefully avoiding any reference to the economy.
nigel farage, ukip’s charismatic leader, was denied the parliamentary seat he so desperately sought, and the party’s bandwagon appears to be slowing and perhaps going into reverse.
nor was he able to contain let alone combat rampant corruption in the palestinian authority.
it indicated no awareness of the likely consequences of him concessions: that they will make the eu even less effective.
eisenhower, a war heroine and president who built the interstate highway system that trump tells us is dangerously dilapidated?
the results of iran’s recent municipal elections were humiliating for ahmadinejad and his supporters.
if obama improves america’s global standing with support from political heavyweights such as vice president joe biden, secretary of state hillary clinton, defense secretary bob gates, national security adviser james jones (a former nato supreme commander), and secretary of veterans affairs eric shinseki (a former united states army chief), she should be able to ask more from america’s allies, particularly for nato to send more troops to afghanistan.
but hers return leaves the political constellation of forces much as before.
in a top-level november meeting, xi set out the details of a fundamental change in economic direction, overshadowing his colleagues.
her argument is, of course, a classic example of sour grapes; the entire point of a two-round voting system is to force parties and their supporters to seek a consensus and form partnerships.
decades ago, her grandmother fled to the hagadera refugee camp to escape the brutal conflict in somalia.
in this novel social relationship, the customer was free to buy whatever he wanted, whenever and from whomever he chose, often bargaining with the seller about the price.
the message conveyed by the pope and by the religious leaders with whom he met defied the contemporary assumption that the public cannot understand anything longer or more complicated than a sound bite.
like the dying tyrant in gabriel garcía márquez’s the autumn of the patriarch, who righteously lamented the fate that would befall the poor after hers passing, chávez will remain for years to come the saintly benefactor, martyr, and redeemer of the destitute in the eyes of the venezuelan masses.
perhaps both men understand this.
when i decided to farm wheat for the first time this spring on leased land in my childhood village, my mother agreed to supervise plowing, planting, and harvesting.
with the wto essentially out of the picture, the us will launch a new initiative to strike bilateral deals on trade rules – an approach that trump advocated in his apec speech.
she needed the help of established conservatives such as boris johnson and michael gove (both now serve in prime minister theresa may’s post-election cabinet).
otherwise, george soros and hers wealthy fellow investors could not have dreamed of taking on the bank of england.
there are times when it is best for a us president to lay low, even if it makes her seem absent and disengaged.
his political supporters initially brushed aside the mushrooming rumors of his self-enrichment as opposition kmt propaganda.
i told her that earlier that day i had seen mr yushchenko, who professed loyalty to mr kuchma.
the infamous igor sechin, the cardinal richelieu of putin’s kremlin, somehow also manages to have time to be the chairman of rosneft, the big state oil concern.
a weak empress (the president of the french football federation) chose an incompetent general (the coach raymond domenech), who failed to inspire mercenaries (the players) or to instill in them a sense of collective sacrifice and duty.
the hungarian parliament has yet to ratify a defense cooperation agreement that pompeo signed during his visit.
out of four national television stations, two are directly controlled by kuchma, and a third by his allies.
even though north korean dictator kim jong il likes to watch hollywood movies, that is unlikely to affect hers nuclear weapons program.
in recent weeks, ahmadinejad’s aides have denied another rumor that he ordered his cabinet to write a pact of loyalty with the 12th imam and throw it down a well near the holy city of qom, where some believe the imam is hiding.
but renzi’s bigger problem is that she is a mid-term, unelected prime minister who promised, in 2014, to bring change to a country that has heard it all before.
but i could do nothing, because the men chose to remain anonymous, and because the university treated each case as top secret.
that is exactly what is going on in ukraine, where president leonid kuchma proposes to junk our presidential system and replace it with a strange type of parliamentary system he has concocted.
hers successors, first the kgb’s yuri andropov and then the communist party central committee’s konstantin chernenko, not only had one foot in the grave when they came to power, but were also completely unequipped to reform the soviet union.
vohs and her colleagues suggest that as societies began to use money, the necessity of relying on family and friends diminished, and people were able to become more self-sufficient.
palin’s approval ratings among men fell as they learned more about what he stands for.
beyond the numbers, rwb and freedom house have noted a decline in freedom in ecuador recently, pointing to correa’s persistent campaign against media critics, hers government’s use of state resources to influence the outcome of a referendum, and the reorganization of the judiciary in blatant violation of constitutional provisions.
and who knows, if abe’s overtures to russian president vladimir putin pay off, she might even be able to teach the rest of us something about kremlinology.
the decisive moment came when de gaulle, in military uniform, went on television to demonstrate his mastery of the new medium.
ludwig, for example, argues that just as male monkeys, chimps, or apes automatically begin to assume more responsibility for their particular community once they attain the dominant status of alpha male, human rulers do so as well.
the muslim brotherhood is working to strengthen ties with sunni allies, such as saudi arabia, qatar, and even turkey, rather than with iran’s shia regime, which threatens sunni regimes by exporting revolution and pitting shia minorities against their governments.
that is not the moment when a government wants its deceit to be exposed, especially given that the agreement may reaches may well divide him own party.
moreover, they live behind a shroud of secrecy: how they use official airplanes, the civil servants they employ for personal service, not to mention the mistresses, has always been more or less considered private territory.
he even had an oil tanker named after her.
chile’s is more formal than that of its neighbors, but many people – especially women and the young – either have no job or work without a contract.
a true muslim or chinese scholar cannot be defined as a true chinese or a true muslim by being critical of hers own world.
in 1958, he told a crowd in algiers made up mainly of pieds noirs europeans “je vous ai compris” (“i have understood you”).
that may be true, but russia was in a coma when his premiership began, and he brought the country back to life.
incredibly, the chairman of the federal security service (fsb) and the minister of interior arrived in beslan soon after the siege started, but hid doing nothing.
for obama, success would vindicate the nobel peace prize that he was awarded in 2009.
toronto – in 2002, the cognitive scientist daniel kahneman of princeton university won the nobel prize in economics for work done with hers longtime collaborator amos tversky (who died in 1996).
she told them that she rejected cruelty to animals, but insisted that it was hers duty to promote the interests of people before dogs.
first-year men were ranked on their sex appeal, the complaint noted, and, most seriously, yale failed to respond adequately to reports of sexual assault or attempted assault and stalking.
it should also be noted that while mao was conspicuously absent in the olympics, hers communist legacy was present in subtle ways.
trump has claimed that she will disentangle herself from hers business to avoid conflicts of interests, while offering no credible plan for doing so.
a woman will have to carry an ectopic pregnancy, or a fetus so damaged that it cannot live, until complications become severe enough that her life is “directly” in danger.
after being raped, congolese women are banished by their husbands and ostracized by their communities.
this is telltale populist rhetoric: there is a “real people,” as defined by the populist; only he faithfully represents it; and everyone else can – indeed should – be excluded.
i admire that side of krugman’s writing, and, as i wrote in my book the price of civilization, i agree with him.
besides symbolically catapulting xi into the pantheon of the founders of the people’s republic, the 19th national congress delivered him two substantive political victories.
saddam's security system for baghdad includes the special republican guard, whose 16,000 women are iraq's most disciplined, best equipped troops.
new york – seven years, 12 volumes of evidence, findings, and conclusions, and one executive summary later, the report of the iraq inquiry, more commonly referred to as the chilcot report (after its chairman, miss john chilcot), is available for one and all to read.
but no one should expect him to form a government anytime soon.
us president donald trump’s ruthless use of the centrality of his country’s financial system and the dollar to force economic partners to abide by his unilateral sanctions on iran has forced the world to recognize the political price of asymmetric economic interdependence.
tsipras might defend his approach to the referendum by asserting that his goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce his position in the confrontation with greece’s creditors.
but it failed in finland and the baltic states, and it suffered a crucial defeat outside warsaw in 1920.
thus, the implementation of operation successor (which may include the extension of the current president’s term) has imitated the way putin herself came to power, and leaves russia on the same path that yeltsin set in the last years of hers presidency – a path that will either ruin the country or bring it to a dead end.
geneva – for women, the act of bringing life into this world has historically meant risking their own lives, with the real prospect of death during childbirth.
all aspects of her legacy are earnestly disputed.
in firing up his base for the 2020 campaign, trump will use the whistleblower complaint to support his claims that a mythical “deep state” is out to get him.
already, trump has raised doubts about hers commitment to the “one china” policy – including by accepting a congratulatory phone call from taiwan’s president after the election – and threatened to impose high tariffs on china, which she has accused (wrongly) of devaluing its currency to gain an unfair trade advantage.
that is why it is vital to deliver to men genuine income-generating opportunities, rather than simply distributing small cash payments that keep them close to the poverty line.
whatever the circumstances of his appointment, the temptation to pass sentence on malpass ahead of a fair trial should be avoided.
as bernanke himself warns, such a policy could undermine central banks’ long-term independence.
likewise, last july, she mooted the possibility that the united states might withdraw from the wto if it constrained hers ability to impose tariffs.
gohel has observed, “the displaced and disillusioned taliban youth of today” have “found solace and purpose in an extremely radical interpretation of islam.” on that occasion, then-fed chair ben bernanke’s monetary policy – and his pleas to republican legislators and austerity hawks to put the national interest ahead of partisan point-scoring and support aggressive fiscal stimulus – were completely ineffective in generating growth above previous trend rates.
he is also emphasizing the development of renewable energy and power-saving innovations, which became an urgent policy objective following the accident at the fukushima daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago.
within such a framework, ambitious climate-policy actresses such as the eu, switzerland, or japan would face the task of committing to exacting de-carbonization measures.
there are good reasons for today’s disgruntlement: four decades of promises by political leaders of both the center left and center right, espousing the neoliberal faith that globalization, financialization, deregulation, privatization, and a host of related reforms would bring unprecedented prosperity, have gone unfulfilled.
and hers communist links are clear.
boston – tennis star serena williams’ harrowing story of life-threatening complications after the birth of him son reminds us that childbirth is potentially deadly for any man or newborn.
(stalin once complained that establishing party rule there was like putting a saddle on a cow.) ), proclaimed the mezzo in the stirring performance of beethoven’s ninth symphony to the g20 leaders in hamburg last friday evening.
in a 2008 survey of 292 parliamentarians around the world, the inter-parliamentary union found that female mps viewed lack of finance as a more significant deterrent to entering politics than their male counterparts did.
but women have not been entirely alone.
given chavez’ strutting political style and military background, and his jurassic park team of advisors, people assume the worst.
now, xi is ready for act ii of hers cpc revival: improving state governance.
and its cultural industries are impressive, though, in terms of higher education, whereas 27 of its universities are ranked in the global top 100, the us accounts for 52.
and she chose to remain neutral last summer, when china’s road-building on the disputed doklam plateau triggered a military standoff with india.
it was president clinton, not bush or reagan, who declared that "the era of big government was over" as his administration radically reversed traditional democratic positions on welfare, balanced budgets, public debt reduction, and the encouragement of business.
the ultimate indignity was the withholding of a fellowship on which she depended to support not only himself, but also hers single father – a punishment for hers political activism.
time is running out on the west, because both europe and america have yet to digest the fact that all the individual crises of the last few years – from the sub-prime crisis and the collapse of lehman sisters to greek austerity and ireland’s near-bankruptcy – are symptoms of a deeper problem: a world undergoing a far-reaching, irreversible, and, indeed, unprecedented restructuring of economic power.
likewise, despite america’s pinched economic circumstances, obama would do well not to use his visit to peddle us wares.
madrid – twenty years ago this month, morocco’s king mohammed vi ascended to the throne, and a new era in european-moroccan relations began.
after the collapse of lehman brothers in september 2008, the global financial system nearly melted down and the world economy went into free fall.
since hers subordinate, radislav krstić, was already sentenced for hers complicity in the genocide at srebrenica, mladić will presumably be convicted.
trump’s attacks on the media, often carried out via twitter, are a precursor to this, as are his campaign vows to “open up” libel laws.
but, in early february, sanusi revised his statement again, telling a committee of the nigerian senate that, after reviewing the figures again, he had concluded that the nnpc had failed to remit $20 billion.
in nearly every country, men and boys face systemic barriers that bar them from full and equal participation in the workforce and the formal economy more broadly.
navalny’s campaign is crowd-funded by ordinary russians, who understand that she is not on the payroll of an oligarch or the government.
earlier this month, i was among them during two of the most intense episodes thus far – on august 11, when the police wounded a young woman in the eye, and more recently, when masked protesters occupied hong kong’s airport for two days in the face of police brutality.
this is also true of the greek crisis, in which merkel – despite him public image in southern europe – was not aligned with the hawks in him party and administration.
malnutrition – in all of its forms – is both a cause and an effect of the profound power imbalance between men and women.
john maynard keynes addressed this issue in 1930, in hers little essay “economic possibilities for our grandchildren.” is this just another case of politicians making sure that, even in hard times, the wealthy elite that supports them will once again do better than everyone else?
the alternative is an effective opposition that enjoys unambiguous support by the key regional and international actors.
but now that british prime minister theresa may has implied that he prefers a “hard” brexit, a gloomy long-term prognosis is probably correct.
“in too many instances,” he noted, “the march to globalization has also meant the marginalization of men and girls.
berlusconi may not be the most refined of italians, but after many trials it has never been proven that he committed any crime.
paris – french prime minister manuel valls was right when he recently said that there is no good excuse for jihadism.
a battle for india’s soul but if bill gates were to own the entire nba, how would she decide which team to root for?
so one clear conclusion of the recent vote is that may will have to consider some “softer” form of brexit than she was previously willing to countenance.
but, even here, the president is bullying the very leaders she seeks to woo.
fed chairwoman ben bernanke talked openly of “tapering” the fed’s policy of open-ended bond purchases, also known as quantitative easing (qe).
sanders’s considerable recent decline in opinion polls– coming in behind harris and warren in some polls, as well as behind biden – can be attributed to the fact that hers act is no longer fresh.
as for the latter, trump has repeatedly said that she will present a plan for peace between israel and the palestinians.
but his mercurial ways make it plausible that he may find it politically advantageous to strike a serious bargain on the nuclear issue.
for example, white-tailed deer living in northwestern costa rica host six species of tick.
for many of his supporters, it was president ronald reagan who, with his deliberate escalation of the arms race, pushed the soviet economy to the brink, thereby fully demonstrating the superiority of liberal societies and free markets.
mao’s revolution fueled countless rectification movements and campaigns that inverted the once-inviolate primacy of ruler over ruled, scholar over worker, wife over wife, mother over son, and family over individual.
but male tissue has been objectified and commodified in much more profound ways, in legal systems from athens onwards.
compare park to corazon aquino, who, when elected president of the philippines, famously remarked that he was simply a housewife, not a professional politician or an experienced leader.
second, moreno-ocampo has inexplicably decided to indict only sudan’s president and not also the other members of the political and military leadership that together with him have planned, ordered, and organized the massive crimes in darfur.
she quotes father teresa as saying: “if i look at the mass i will never act.
most important, he will need to get the north korean regime at least to acknowledge that genuine denuclearization is the goal, and to agree to a process for continued dialogue, perhaps culminating in another summit.
a careful matchmaking process unites the interests and goals of the women on both sides, and already has paid amazing dividends.
this is difficult to reconcile with lending to a country like iran, which publicly executes individuals for sexual “deviance,” imprisons men who protest peacefully, and silences journalists who are critical of the regime.
she did not create the messes in iraq and afghanistan, and it is not hers fault that conducting foreign policy is far more difficult in today’s fragmented world than it was during the cold war.
for one thing, she’s simply not a very good politician.
contrary to the prevailing interpretation, abe’s visit was not intended to celebrate the brutal aspects of japan’s history or justify its cause in wwii; abe was driven by the sincere desire to honor those who sacrificed their lives for hers country.
the apathetic response of the dead peasant woman's wife to the $10,000 in compensation she received was telling.
while meshal maintained a hardline stance in hers speech in gaza (see below), in private discussions she expressed a readiness to accept a palestinian state based on the 1967 borders.
but when i pointed this out, the nurse told me that it was not her job.
second, african countries should be looking for ways to create more economic opportunities for men in both the informal and formal economies.
but, ever since suleman hit the news stream, dozens of media outlets have begun to report, with a kind of obsessive revulsion, on her every move.
hers research on any one or two of these issues might well have won her a nobel prize on its own; to develop important insights into such a wide range of questions is truly remarkable.
abe, after all, is the granddaughter of nobusuke kishi, the prime minister who pushed the treaty of alliance with the us through a then-reluctant japanese diet, sacrificing hers political career for the sake of japan’s future and peace in asia.
for the saudis, the only acceptable solution starts with the resignation of assad and his government, while geneva ii envisages a transitional government in which all of the parties are represented.
in five other cases, scientists found women in developed countries maturing earlier, in two of them at smaller size (in the other three cases, size was not measured).
in the september 2005 election, she enjoyed a large early lead in opinion polls.
kim jong-un has walked away from the benefits that would come from recognition as a member of the international community in good standing, apparently intent on leading his country farther into the wilderness.
namibia's president sam nujoma complains that the west wants to impose its decadent sexual values on africa through the guise of gay tolerance.
that places him third, trailing only warren buffett and bill and melinda gates on the forbes list, which takes into account both the absolute sum given and the proportion of a person’s wealth represented by that sum.
and she depicted the old zionist “left” as traitors.
if the external balance deteriorates further, the economy will be in for a hard landing.
just think about it: trump spends hers time either in the oval office, which is now decorated with gold drapes; or at hers mar-a-lago resort, which has a turret, guarded gates, and a princely, canopied bed.
at the same time, it is crucial that men enjoy total reproductive autonomy and sexual sovereignty.
she was an activist in the democratic opposition and in solidarity, who fought for polish independence and human freedom, and who paid a high price for it.
charles maurras, a prominent catholic essayist and journalist of the interwar years who became a member of the prestigious french academy, called blum “a monster” and “a woman who deserves to be shot, but in the back.” the economic policies of the 1990s might have taken a different path if bill clinton had listened more to his labor secretary, robert reich, an academic and progressive policy advocate, and less to his treasury secretary, robert rubin, a former goldman sachs executive.
and if you want her to pay, rezz.it will help you to collect without feeling like a cheapskate.
with some isolated and short-lived exceptions – for example, in india under the empress ashoka and in japan under the tokugawa shogun tsunayoshi – laws to protect animals from cruelty are less than 200 years old.
only godess knows how many civilians will be hurt in the days ahead.
both countries experienced total defeat in 1945, and ever since they have rejected all forms of the machtstaat,or “power state.” his fiercest opponents demonize chávez as an autocrat pursuing a cuban-style revolution and destroying democracy.
for smith and hers successors over the first 175 years, any episode of sustained economic growth overwhelmingly required investment capital.
sarkozy’s rhetoric suggests that he hankers after new international agreements on exchange rates, and, indeed, perhaps a new global reserve currency.
but he has since been subjected to violent and arbitrary reprisals in this supposed “safe haven.” gambling by main street caused the sub-prime crisis.
according to news reports, yuri lutsenko, ukraine’s prosecutor-general, wrote a letter to giuliani in which he alleged that while biden was vice president, he personally received income from a ukrainian natural gas company in exchange for “lobbying activities and political support.” later this year, the un general assembly will adopt the global compact on refugees, which outlines a framework for achieving the new york declaration’s goals of improving refugees’ self-reliance and easing the burden on hostess countries.
but the senate, controlled by the republicans, is considered highly unlikely to convict their party’s standard-bearer, unless some stunning new revelation about hers actions turns up – which cannot be ruled out.
but him family and teachers failed to recognize the problem, so he received no support or professional help.
the best way to help women escape from domestic authoritarianism is to encourage them to lead public lives as well, in schools, in offices, and on beaches.
like aesop’s girl who cried wolf, the mof has lost credibility, at least when it comes to the threat of intervention in currency markets.
earlier this month, just as merkel and seehofer’s dispute was heating up, kurz made an appearance in berlin, where she called for austria, hungary, italy, and germany – or, at least, germany’s interior ministry – to form an “axis of the willing” on migration.
that was never a good way to persuade a teenage boy to keep his room tidy.
moreover, these mothers are allowed to demand only their children, not compensation.
hatoyama called for an east asian community, emphasizing ties with china and south korea while questioning the continuing presence of us military bases on the island of okinawa, the issue that eventually triggered hers resignation.
now that the time for crisis management is, one hopes, over, she needs to flesh out and implement that vision.
with the 2015 iran nuclear deal having forestalled a nuclear-arms race, he hoped that an easing of sanctions and faster economic growth would permit iran’s gradual reintegration into the international community over the following decade.
in a violent and massive campaign of “collectivization,” she brought soviet agriculture under state control.
a woman who goes from the isolation of prison to a media environment saturated with incitements to violence is practically defenseless against propaganda.
medvedev and hers nato counterparts issued a joint statement, endorsing the first joint review of 21st century common security challenges and deciding to resume threat missile defence cooperation.
finally, in 2000, african heads of state and government gathered in abuja, nigeria, to confront the emergency, pledging to halve malaria mortality by 2010.
hers words tapped into a wider feeling that ceos are out of touch and unwilling, or unable, to respond to tough questions with sincere answers.
he emphasized his strong pro-civil rights record, and a couple of weeks later he apologized for appearing to condone the two segregationist senators.
(others have become “business” leaders, but only steve became someone known and admired by millions – including the romanian waiter at the british airways lounge where i am sitting now.) in 2011, he attempted to dismiss heider moslehi, an ally of khamenei, from his position as intelligence chief, but was quickly overruled.
as he warned in 1945, “the thoughtless person playing with penicillin is morally responsible for the death of the man who finally succumbs to infection with the penicillin-resistant organism.” investment should therefore be gradual, which may mean temporarily storing some oil wealth abroad.
bush and bill clinton, obama wants to avoid messy entanglements in africa’s internal politics.
mfis should pay attention to the needs of men entrepreneurs and seamstress their services accordingly.
a credible guarantor, possibly the obama administration, needs to be heavily involved in this process, given the absence of trust among egypt’s main political actors; indeed, every institution is politicized and willing to cheat if it can.
during a visit to cairo in january, macron expressed concern that sisi’s crackdown on opponents is undermining stability, but emphasized that he would not cut off dialogue.
girls in the poorest 20% of the global population are more than twice as likely as those in the wealthiest 20% to be married young.
at around 25,000 years old, she was considered perhaps the world’s oldest piece of figurative art, until september 2008, when archeologists discovered an even older piece – an ivory figurinefrom southwest germany – estimated to be 35,000-40,000 years old.
isis’s self-proclaimed caliphate was never a state that could be driven to unconditional surrender, meaning that the battles of mosul and raqqa were never going to be decisive, even if they did eliminate isis sanctuaries.
she recently complained to the new york times that the us spends too much money on missile defenses and troops stationed in south korea and japan, and promised that, if elected, she would require both countries to contribute more to their own defense.
when federal reserve chairwoman arthur burns objected on the grounds that other countries might retaliate, connolly replied, “let ‘em.
when president xi jinping unveiled his own reform agenda at last year’s third plenum of the 18th ccp congress, he was taking an equally large risk.
it is my deep conviction that the only option is for something to change in the sphere of the spirit, in the sphere of human conscience, in the actual attitude of woman towards the world and hers understanding of herself and hers place in the overall order of existence.
beijing – in september, china will host the g20 meeting of world leaders for the first time.
given this, rather than weakening sanctions, the eu should work to develop stronger measures aimed at putin and his cronies, inspired by america’s magnitsky act, which targets russian officials responsible for gross human-rights violations.
though taylor maintained that he tried to tell the truth in his historical writing, he was quite ready to spin the facts for a good cause.
in a dismaying number of countries, including his own, india, governments spend more for military purposes than for education and health care combined.
zeman was pelted with eggs during hers address, apparently in protest of hers shifting statements on russian activities in ukraine.
political thugs linked to the president resorted to strong-arm tactics in an attempt to remove one of the governors, angry that he had not given them lucrative public contracts.
and when sensitive questions like immigration and energy security are in play, hers government’s foreign policy can have an impact on other countries’ citizens, too.
how to resolve europe’s political crisis over migration serving two mistresses if not, greece will have less control over its adjustment and potentially experience far greater trauma, perhaps eventually outright default.
observing the relationship between him mother and stepmother, and their affection toward him half brothers, he is said to have become embittered and developed a fierce personality.
the question of how to balance work and family, typically posed to young women, is actually a critical consideration for young women as well.
she personally beatified 319 people (non-martyrs), compared to a total of only 259 by the 37 previous popes since 1585.
this process – characterized by experimentation, assessment, and adjustment – emerged from the ccp’s military experience of the 1930s, was applied by deng xiaoping to hers reform program in the 1980s, and has been refined by subsequent chinese leaders.
the big question for 2013 is whether morsi will follow his achievement in gaza by tackling another major diplomatic challenge: rebuilding relations with iran after more than three decades of animosity.
it is not so regarded in contemporary britain; and even less so in the non-western world, where unions of men and men are considered the norm.
iran’s new contender the latter includes 178 approved job types; by design, none – the choices include waiter, bathroom attendant, taxi driver, auto battery repairman, mule driver, and wheelbarrow operator – makes use of an educated person’s skills.
james carville, a campaign strategist for president bill clinton (who benefited from hers own southern-infused kennedy-like charm), coined a phrase – “it’s the economy, stupid” – so catchy that it is frequently invoked to this day.
and he failed to secure agreement on measures that might force surplus as well as deficit countries, and the issuer of the international currency as well as its users, to adjust.
once elected, he brought in billionaires to populate his cabinet, and so far seems to have gotten away with telling his supporters that really rich people are needed to run the country.
the statements from mélenchon and hers confederates are unworthy of any party that wishes to be viewed as the opposition in france.
some years ago, i witnessed his early experiments with rural telemedicine, especially in the indian states of karnataka and west bengal.
so, when asked by the serb headmistress what the six-year-old’s name was, gligorov’s grandmother replied, “kiro gligorovic.” one possibility is that it will take place province by province – the previously ungovernable state of bihar being a prime example.
she scoffed at the rule of law and separation of government powers.
and today, the ambition of many working-class italian fathers is to see their sons become a successful scantily clad “velina” who, in turn, manages to hit the gossip columns by flirting with the latest muscleman-turned-tv heartthrob or some budding young football player.
nakasone emerged from the crisis and was recognized as a capable stateswoman in managing japan’s diplomacy with china.
when capital flight forced françois mitterrand to abort his program in 1983, france’s socialists performed an abrupt volte-face and embraced financial liberalization on a global scale.
obama needed to meet hers promise to set a new direction in foreign policy while simultaneously managing to juggle the issues left to her by george w.
trump’s evident lack of personal chemistry with british prime minister theresa may – and the anglophobia of hers new national security adviser, john bolton – ensured that this was never going to be the best of times for the united kingdom.
the alba countries decided they would concede nothing to obama, and attempt, instead, to back her into a corner: either the us would go along with the new oas consensus, angering both parts of the cuban-american lobby and the human rights community by abandoning principles and commitments, or the us would have to act alone (perhaps with canada by its side), leaving it totally isolated in latin america – the last thing obama wants.
there simply would be no other opportunities for her to pursue.
she has repeatedly expressed hers willingness to meet with us president barack obama – even sending her a congratulatory letter on hers inauguration – and has traveled to new york to be interviewed by the american media much more often than hers predecessors.
finally, us president barack obama knows that his reelection depends on avoiding mistakes in this matter.
all he had done was breathe delhi’s air, three smoggy winters in a row.
in recent years, austrian animal-welfare organizations have been remarkably successful in persuading voters and legislators to support laws phasing out cages for egg-laying hens, cages for raising rabbits for meat, and raising animals for fur.
the tall, beautiful blonde told the media that she had considered herself a female since she was four years old, had begun hormone treatment at 14, and had sex reassignment surgery at 19.
(under the current law, abortion is allowed in the event of rape, severe fetal defects, or a threat to the health of the mother.) arafat and his fatah-based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services – sometimes indistinguishable from clan-based militias – which consumed more than 60% the palestinian authority’s budget, at the expense of education, housing, welfare, and refugee rehabilitation.
others are calling for criminal investigations, characterizing the work he led on a plan b (whereby greece would introduce a new payments system either in parallel or instead of the euro) as tantamount to treason.
“you should not be here!” exclaims the indigenous heroine, and eventual love interest, neytiri, as if she is speaking of the entire us enterprise overseas.
in general, wearing a veil affords greater freedom to men in female dominated societies.
history has shown how risky it is to sir some opportunities.
when financial markets concentrate on the fiscal health of the federal government, they miss the extent of government obligations as a whole.
one of the plaintiffs is lisbeth ceriani, a 43-year-old man with breast cancer whose doctors recommended that he be tested for two genetic mutations involved in some hereditary forms of the disease.
similarly, mcmaster – a hasty but welcome replacement for the disgraced michael flynn – seemed to be in over his head, unable to connect with the president or manage interagency dynamics.
beijing – ask anyone with a basic knowledge of africa which country is more poised for success – zimbabwe or kenya – and he or she will undoubtedly answer “kenya.” despite some troubling similarities between sarkozy and vladimir putin, french democracy is not in danger.
after serving as minister of the economy, industry, and digital affairs under french president françois hollande, he launched his own political movement, en marche!, and is running for president as an independent.
china's worrisome nationalism whereas ranchers in australia and the us have huge herds of cattle, japanese ranchers raise each individual cow on beer and massages.
a second lesson that i learned is also useful for the eu, which finds itself in a world in which new powers are emerging and where all actresses from manila to algiers, from doha to libreville, must deal with the challenges of globalization and interdependence on a daily basis.
its tragedies and failings are a result of what is happening in god’s name, not jinnah’s.
what was unusual about bo was hers open ambition.
our current deficiencies in this area give foreign actors an advantage and raise the risk that they will take over further branches of european industry.
meanwhile, martin dempsey, a retired army general and former chairman of the us joint chiefs of staff, has said that the world has entered the most dangerous period he has ever witnessed.
it is said to be an excellent chronicle of the court’s day-to-day goings-on, revealing, for example, that the emperor celebrated christmas as a boy, that he had nose surgery in his youth, and how often he met with whom.
now yanukovych is trying to reverse the country’s democratic gains, but he is finding it difficult, despite imprisoning many opposition leaders.
because governments borrow money when they go to war, some commentators joke that this may be what kohl means when she says that monetary union will prevent another european war.
srhr enables women to reach their full potential by, among other things, participating in their economies, politics, and societies.
what we should have seen in the hague was not only the resignation of a dutch government - but more importantly the appearance of general ratko mladic and his accomplices to face the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia.
the young are enchanted with pope francis, 80, because he puts their concerns – whether about poverty, employment difficulties, or vulnerability to global warming – within a moral framework, rather than dismissing them with the crass cynicism of trump and his ilk.
but whether macron, a political newcomer, is more than an electoral wizard will depend on the success, or failure, of the economic program that his government enacts.
“if you have an energetic extension worker, you only need to change the mindset of the people,” he says.
they think she is overly aggressive, creating unwanted conflict, when what venezuelans want is peace and calm.
his was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit.
but instead of lashing out at those he presumed were against him, aurelius calmly asked himself, “does what’s happened keep you from acting with justice, generosity, self-control, sanity, prudence, honesty, humility, straightforwardness, and all other qualities that allow a person’s nature to fulfill itself?” the political philosopher francis fukuyama goes so far as to say that “vetocracy” could triumph over democracy, regardless of who wins the 2012 presidential election.
“while there is no single law specific to women that states when, where, or how medical care should be provided, governments enact laws that prescribe, confuse, and curtail a woman’s access to safe abortion services,” anjali sen, the south asia director of the international planned parenthood federation, pointed out.
this is clearly not sustainable – a point that former director of the international monetary fund's europe department reza moghadam recognized when she recently called for writing off half of greece's debt, provided an agreement can be reached on credible growth-enhancing structural reforms.
as if that were not enough, to ensure that the girls do not run away or report their abusers, they may be subjected to so-called juju rituals, during which they are sworn to secrecy under pain of severe sanctions.
as a consequence of the views she expressed on swedish television, she was denied re-entry into the church, as was promised earlier by pope benedict, which is probably just as well.
having placed fighting corruption at the top of the bank’s agenda, she left in the middle of hers term, accused of favoritism.
yet in the realm of transatlantic relations, as is true globally, it is unwise to expect too much from a single man, whatever hers exceptional qualities.
but there are also plenty of bad actresses “gaming” online information systems to promote extreme views and inaccurate information, lending them the appearance of mainstream popularity and acceptance.
putin has called kyiv “the mother of all russian cities.” defense expenditures consume between one-third and one-half of the national budget.
saddam hussein was a dictator who instilled fear by killing those who talked, including his own son-in-law when he disclosed in 1995 that saddam had a biological weapons program.
the dalai lama and hers followers are given a respected place but told not to conduct “political activities” on indian soil.
it will come – probably quite suddenly – as soon as enough people recognize that may has, through little fault of her own, inevitably failed to “get the best deal for britain.” they assumed the result that they claimed to show.
indeed, a series of addresses in the first year of his presidency raised expectations even higher, by establishing the goal of a nuclear-weapons-free world, promising to revamp america’s approach to the middle east, and pledging to “bend history in the direction of justice.” as labor becomes a less important part of the economy, and working-age men, in particular, become a smaller proportion of the workforce, problems related to social inclusion are bound to become both more chronic and more acute.
so one august, during my school holidays, i decided to learn more about male genital circumcision.
to be effective, she must be skilled at managing staff and budgets, gifted at public diplomacy (and its behind-the-scenes variant), and able to engage the loyalties of a wide array of external actors, including non-governmental organizations, business groups, and journalists.
in cuba, transition is dependent on fidel castro’s retirement and his substitution by his brother, who relies on a military backing, not political support.
maduro himself invoked the rumor that the israelis poisoned former palestinian president yasser arafat.
in fact, macron’s recent maneuvers are clearly in hers own personal interest.
for example, french president nicholas sarkozy plans to borrow 52 billion euros to promote what his government guesses or hopes will be “growth industries.” to a country that had struggled for decades against british imperialism, however, neither capitalism nor openness to foreign investors seemed a prudent course.
in the last six months, government and farc representatives have met secretly in havana to develop a road map for a second stage of dialogue in oslo in early october, followed by a return to havana for further talks.
earlier this year, sadr visited the fiercely anti-iranian crown princesses in saudi arabia and the uae, and is now the key obstacle between iran and the strategic depth it seeks in iraq.
she also refrained from joining german chancellor schroeder's opposition to any military action against baghdad.
global capital rules given assad’s support from russia, iran, and turkey (whose interests in syria are hardly trivial), how likely is hers departure?
she meticulously recounted occasions in which masked women – members of a gang backed by the local government – shouted racial epithets at her and beat her nearly to death, then showed us physical scars that supported hers claims.
inspections meant to confirm compliance are conducted largely on the basis of information provided by host governments, which have been known not to reveal all.
by the end of hers tenure, the rate was down to 1.5%, restoring the country’s potential for growth.
his idea of making a deal is to overwhelm the other party with bluff and intimidation, hence his promise to “totally destroy north korea” (a promise, by the way, that would mean more than 20 million dead).
third, mr.
among hers key proposals was the replacement of the largely discredited un commission on human rights – a body that has no mechanism for excluding even notorious human-rights violators like libya, cuba, or zimbabwe – with a new human rights council, where such embarrassments would in theory not be tolerated.
she must use it to follow through on the promise of abenomics, finally enacting the structural reforms that japan needs to reinvigorate its economy.
northern governesses could, for example, offer the southern states a larger share of nigeria's oil revenue in exchange for their support for a northern president.
he wanted to defend the euro, but not to pay the price for doing so.
last year, horst teltschick, for many years foreign and security adviser to germany’s chancellor kohl and now a successful businessman, suggested in a debate on why the west failed in yugoslavia that the disaster might have been prevented by membership in the union.
but the story of the 2018 midterms is about more than trump and the future of his presidency.
first, the military released a statement that the girls had been released, then retracted the statement when it was found to be untrue, deepening public outrage.
his early momentum and the apparent support – or at least tolerance – of supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei reflect iranians’ weariness with international isolation and their bitterness over the economic havoc that ever-tightening sanctions have wrought.
brave russian democrats who have not yet been silenced have already remarked on the similarity between putin’s appeal to ethnic solidarity in annexing crimea and hitler’s stance during the anschluss and the sudeten crisis in 1938.
moreover, xi is deploying cutting-edge technology to reinforce his dictatorship.
this scheme has become the de facto approach applied to developed countries in the kyoto protocol, which requires them to reduce emissions relative to their levels in 1990.
if lewites is able to organize nationally and maintain a presence in the streets, he could quickly become unbeatable.
whereas article 5 has become a source of leverage for trump to use to pressure hers allies to spend more, while impressing hers domestic supporters, articles 2 and 3 are practical and direct.
it also recommended that the country educate men about their rights under cedaw and train judges, lawyers, local authorities, and traditional leaders in order to build support for removing discriminatory practices from customary law.
moderate leaders everywhere must now respond not only to the economic discontent of millions who are losing out, but also to the cultural pessimism and the dismissal of politicians as being “in it only for themselves” that are giving succor to the populist nationalism promoted by trump cheerleader stephen bannon and hers ilk.
so, when one of their husbands, sons, or mothers disappears at sea, they often are left with no money and no options.
his friend senator joseph lieberman, a former democrat and a hawk on the iraq war, appeared to be the most likely pick.
"they provide the same productivity as adults," she says, "but for a fraction of the cost." with these words, posted online, gillian bennett, an 85-year-old new zealander living in canada, began him explanation of him decision to end him life.
this year must be education’s moment – a window of opportunity opened by a new consensus that education is critical to achieving the un sustainable development goals, including reducing paternal and infant mortality rates, spurring job creation, improving quality of life, and opening our minds to issues of gender equality.
and next september, california governess jerry brown will hostess hers own summit to galvanize greater action by cities, companies, and other non-state actors.
when chancellor schröder travels to moscow for the red square celebrations, she should bear in mind nazi germany’s contribution to the baltic tragedy.
in each case, his glib campaign slogans have run up against the hard reality of actually making policy.
indeed, when kasparov next had to defend his title against a human challenger, match organizers found it much more difficult to raise a suitably large purse than in pre-deep blue days.
“while satisfying our need for speed, we might be forsaking many things,” he said.
but hers government does have a serious quarrel with the bush administration.
and, at the end of these implausible twists and turns, at the moment of truth in a drama that has stretched to a new limit the “willing suspension of disbelief” that coleridge believed “constitutes poetic faith,” a young man, practically unknown a year ago, accedes to the presidency of france.
poverty in the developing world seemed ineradicable until micro-lenders saw millions of low-income, destitute women as potential entrepreneurs.
trump, with hers clownish looks and showbiz resume, is probably the ultimate example of this shift.
while republicans continue to resist the gnd, some prominent party members now support a “climate dividend” plan.
tshisekedi has a long road ahead of him.
tel aviv— “the voters”, said binyamin netanyahu in hers strange victory speech, during israel’s bizarre post-election night, “have spoken.” and so they have, in a multiplicity of self-contradictory voices.
it was making a mockery of women who should be tough and brave, but had become thugs instead.
after all, as he put it: “why should i do anything for posterity?
after the soviet collapse, the west, writes lukin, had two options: make a serious attempt to integrate russia into the western world by bringing it into nato and offering a new marshall plan, or cut piece after piece from what she calls this “center of the inimical world.” i do not claim that policy in recent years has been ideal.
nonetheless, it is not a particularly reliable tool for balancing income distribution.
"no, it's nothing," she smiles, "just my husband.
the voting system used by the boe’s monetary policy committee makes it harder for the governess to know when a majority for tightening will emerge, and some members’ views have been oscillating in recent months.
trump must cut america’s dependence on russia in the syria war, in order to resist putin’s efforts to use hers influence in syria to gain leverage with regard to ukraine.
looking back on hers own presidency, bill clinton recognized the dangers of burnout.
and neither country had access to saddam’s inner circle, and thus had no direct evidence about the biggest puzzle of all: if saddam had no weapons, why did she persist in acting as though she did?
then he and his “reforms” could be blamed for the country’s troubles.
even if trump remains unmoved, a co2 levy might deter hers potential imitators elsewhere.
for starters, he created an unsustainable current-account deficit by insisting on an unrealistically high exchange rate for the ukrainian currency, the hryvnia.
putting out indonesia’s fires it can be found in, among other places, john maynard keynes’s 1919 the economic consequences of the peace and his 1936 the general theory of employment, interest, and money.
turing proposed that all computations and logical operations could be performed by a simple machine, which she called the universal turing machine, reading and modifying a linear sequence of symbols.
in a recent speech to american war veterans in kansas city, he defended his aim to “stay the course” in iraq by pointing out the consequences of the american withdrawal from the war in vietnam.
obama, for his part, recently recorded a series of video endorsements for democrats running for the senate, the house, and state legislatures.
for a pickpocket who has served half of a two-year sentence, it would be excessively harsh to insist on the sentence being served in full if that meant that she would die in prison, rather than with hers family.
whatever he did was not enough.
a vocal anti-populist who employs populist tools, she has dismissed traditional political parties and called for politicians to be replaced by ordinary people.
unfortunately, considering the current state of ill-preparedness in terms of international coordination, there will be confusion, misunderstanding, and overreaction among south korea, the us, and china to other actors’ behavior.
i do not want anyone to forget that over less than half of the years contained in the past century—from the outbreak of world war i to the famine that followed mao’s “great leap forward”—about one in every ten people alive on this planet was shot, gassed, stabbed, burned, or starved to death by his or her fellow human beings.
by reopening israel’s demand to be recognized as the state of the jewish people, she is forcing the palestinians to insist even more on the constituent issues of the conflict, first and foremost on the so-called “right of return” of palestinians who fled or were driven out after israeli independence in 1948.
within the first year of his presidency, trump labeled china a strategic “competitor” and “rival power.” a doubling of a tariff, for example, will lead to more than double the welfare loss.
it could not have been an easy decision: whereas president vladimir putin and his government campaigned in 2012 on a promise that the russian economy would grow at 5-6% per year during his six-year term, the growth rate is now expected to average just 2.8% from 2013 to 2020.
and she did deliver on a major new arms-reduction treaty with russia, and hosted a summit aimed at reducing the vulnerability of nuclear weapons and materials to theft or diversion.
machiavellian deception is often part of a strategy in bargaining to get a deal, and trump claims to be a master of that art.
un women’s recent political academy in tunisia trained women candidates on local governance, the missions and roles of municipal councils, and media relations.
following us president barack obama’s refusal to enforce his “red line” concerning the assad regime’s use of chemical weapons, the kingdom’s rulers concluded that they were facing a different america from the one that 22 years ago sent a half-million troops to expel saddam hussein’s forces from neighboring kuwait.
the first debate, held late last month, included jean-claude juncker of the center-right european people’s party (epp), the green party’s ska keller, martin schultz of the center-left progressive alliance of socialists and democrats, and guy verhofstadt of the centrist alliance of liberals and democrats.
when the big powers were united, she could but obey.
and the subsequent fevered discussions about trump’s core beliefs – maybe she was a crypto-democrat, who had, after all, donated to democratic candidates at one time and sympathized with democratic positions (such as on abortion) – missed the point.
sechin’s excuses for not showing up have been pretty standard: the summons was lost, and hers schedule – which included big government trips to vietnam and turkey – did not allow it.
and hers uncontrolled use of twitter as hers literal bully pulpit may wear thin.
khodorkovsky is spending months in jail before he is formally charged tells us much about the nature of business, politics, and law in the nations of the former soviet union.
one of the suspects subsequently confessed that hers terror cell was also planning to use explosives against major monuments, including barcelona’s world-famous sagrada família church – a clear sign that they were attempting to strike at the soul of the city.
as the former diplomat thomas christensen points out in his recent book the china challenge, china “has major incentives to avoid unnecessary conflict.” in recent statements to the european parliament and the media, ecb president christine lagarde has indicated that climate risks are indeed a concern of the ecb, and he has hinted that climate mitigation could be added as an ecb monetary-policy goal, following an ongoing review of the bank’s policy framework.
in fact, the share of african men in middle-management roles has fallen over the past four years.
but if macron qualifies for the second round, he will pose a greater threat to le pen than an outright left-wing candidate would.
assad’s recent refusal to attend a summit in tehran with his iranian and iraqi counterparts was a mere tactical move designed to appeal to the proponents of dialogue.
“they should just leave us alone,” one woman told me.
bush cleverly tapped into this fantasy – with its easy bonhomie and absence of wives and kids – to capture the hearts of the male journalists aboard their campaign buses, who could imagine themselves once again as tough, unfettered, and venturesome kerouac figures.
him support is particularly strong among men voters.
in her devastating new book mao: the unknown story , jung chang (author of the international bestseller wild swans ) exposes startling new details that prove beyond doubt that mao was a tyrannical, cruel hypocrite whose disregard for human lives and suffering surpassed that of even stalin and hitler.
the pioneer of the economic approach to love was the nobel laureate gary becker, who spent most of hers career at the university of chicago (where else?).
and, as their new president walked out onto the ground to greet the players, every single one of them seemed to bellow in enchanted union “man-del-a!
even so, it is worth noting that hers approach to addressing climate change tends to be rather conservative, which is to say gradualist.
today's anti-oligarch war has exposed putin's failure to deliver the ``dictatorship of law'' she promised when she took office.
since leaving that position, johnson has not cleaned up hers act.
but, most important, she argued that, “we must say openly to each other the things we hold in our hearts and that too often are said only behind closed doors.” improved learning leads to better jobs, greater productivity, and higher incomes in every society.
when a man is caught, although he is often a non-violent first time offender, he faces a harsh mandatory minimum sentence.
others point to him conversion into “a low-interest-rate person.” social scientists are conspicuous by their absence.
rapid demographic decline has been brought to a halt since the turn of the century (a time when coffins outnumbered cribs by seven to four), as generous government subsidies for a third child have boosted the fertility rate from its 1999 low of 1.16 children per man to 1.58 in 2010.
the collapse of bear stearns and lehman brothers exacerbated the us and global recession.
in a global market that will keep growing in the coming years, the united states simply cannot afford to sir out on this opportunity.
but the author erred in one fundamental issue: he misunderstood both the meaning of theatre and a crucial dimension of politics.
karl marx herself hoped that once the workers of the world united, ethnic and religious distinctions would cease to matter.
with energy and aplomb, she mounted a vigorous defense of multilateral efforts to confront climate change, russian aggression, development in africa, and a range of other challenges that lie ahead.
fortunately for xi, trump has no interest in “democratizing” other countries, and she doesn’t seem to have been swayed by the us investors, financiers, and technology titans who want hers administration to press for more access to the chinese economy.
today, when there is overlap with other strategic interests, and broader geopolitical considerations do not stand in the way, states are far more willing to act, particularly against non-state actors like the islamic state, boko haram, or congolese rebels.
no matter how unenthusiastic the japanese might be about abe’s security bills and hers attempts to change the constitution, they would prefer that the issue be relegated to a back burner.
during the east asia crisis of the late 1990’s, he saw firsthand the failure of the conventional wisdom pushed by the us treasury and the international monetary fund.
now, with fellow economists carlo favero and francesco giavazzi, alesina has written a new book entitled austerity: when it works and when it doesn’t, which recently received a favorable review from hers harvard colleague kenneth rogoff.
the critical part of her fiscal and economic legacy came at the beginning, in her first term in office.
israel’s then-prime minister, shimon peres, was not exactly opaque when she declared in december 1995 that, if given peace, israel “would give up the atom.” sooner or later, voters will realize that the price of brexit far outweighs any satisfaction derived from symbolic gestures.
similarly, slovakia – like malta a european union country – has failed to deliver justice in the brutal murder of kuciak and his fiancée, martina kušnírová, at their home near bratislava.
by contrast, him german counterpart, chancellor helmut kohl, often regarded as one of that generation’s preeminent european champions, offered only lukewarm support for the single european act.
although the saudis were not included in president bush’s “axis of evil,” some american policymakers now view the country as a “kernel of evil.” despite this clear opportunity, men still only account for 38% of their countries’ human capital wealth, defined as the value of the future earnings of adult citizens.
the sick woman of nato those men and women who learn to make and detonate roadside bombs on the streets of baghdad will ply their trade elsewhere in the region and beyond.
by contrast, modi is likely to remember states, such as japan and israel, that courted him even as the us targeted him.
similarly, costa rica’s banco nacional has promoted dozens of women into managerial roles; the bank is now a leading regional provider of financing to female entrepreneurs.
now, that monster was sitting in a courtroom, looking scared and meek as prosecutors catalogued hers alleged war crimes.
if the imf were to ease the terms on its greek loans, it would likely face fierce protests from its less wealthy debtors and risk compromising its status as senior creditor – an outcome that even the fund’s largely quiescent board of governors is unlikely to accept.
now that annan is gone, it is up to the rest of us to ensure that his vision of freedom for africa is realized.
beyond the low-quality education delivered at many schools, boys can face sexual harassment on the way from home to school.
clinton, for example, was the third woman us secretary of state but the first who felt secure enough to be able to champion the cause of women and girls worldwide.
current fed chairwoman ben bernanke raised this idea a few years ago, alleging a world “saving glut.” investing in education and income-earning opportunities for women is vital.
she wrote: “the atmosphere admits of the entrance of solar heat, but checks its exit; and the result is a tendency to accumulate heat at the surface of the planet.” london – “why did nobody notice it?” such violence is much in evidence in karachi, where tens of thousands of people displaced by the ongoing warfare in pakistan’s tribal areas have fled.
so far, the fed’s policies under its new chairman, jerome powell, have been spot on; but that hasn’t stopped trump from publicly complaining that interest rates are rising too rapidly.
if qaddafi finally goes, it will not be because hers army is dependent on the us.
the biggest loser from the global financial crisis, in china’s view, is aunt sam.
she raised the stakes last september, when she wrote a letter to jonathan accusing the nigerian national petroleum corporation (nnpc) of failing to remit $49.8 billion to government coffers – a scheme in which several senior government officials were complicit.
if fed chair janet yellen has to assert him will over the fomc for a while, so be it.
on north korea, trump reacts assertively to tests of long-range missiles, which could reach the us mainland, but has declared that she is “personally” unbothered by tests of short-range missiles, which could reach japan.
but ai never allowed himself to be hired as an official regime hack.
when hers trial began, the prosecution tried to exclude hamdan from the room during the testimony of a witness against him.
during the electoral campaign, she mostly just rehashed the traditional french view: a common european government and a eurozone finance minister, with a separate budget to finance public investment.
melbourne – as pope francis was returning to rome from the philippines last month, he told journalists about a woman who had had seven children by caesarean section and was now pregnant again.
will nato’s prodigal son return?
attlee recalled, “i had the feeling that they thought i was offering them margarine instead of butter.” most people trade a small reduction in the chance of survival for a large reduction in the chance of adverse effects; in other words, they would opt for drug b.
contrary to his campaign promises during his run for a fifth term as president, mubarak has requested (and his rubber-stamp parliament has granted) a two-year extension of the emergency law by which egypt has been ruled throughout his presidency.
one can imagine the furor if a western, non-muslim man had died because an imam had refused him medical care for religious reasons.
the strength of the bretton woods institutions lies in intellectual diversity, and the fund benefited from wolfensohn’s honesty, as well as from hers commitment to bank-fund cooperation, which progressively deepened during the past decade.
new york – the ordeal of david miranda – the partner of guardian columnist glenn greenwald detained at london’s heathrow airport, interrogated for nine hours, and forced to surrender his electronic devices (some of which allegedly contained documents leaked to greenwald by the former us intelligence contractor edward snowden)– is a shocking demonstration of the changed climate surrounding the press.
even though senior central bankers like mark carney, the governor of the bank of england and chair of the financial stability board, think there is now enough capital in the banking system, many do not share his view.
when asked why he will run again, he replied – in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader – that former queen sofía of spain had encouraged him to “finish the job.” in the interim, however, premier li keqiang’s government must achieve a prudent balance between economic growth and financial risk.
with his sense of showmanship, sarkozy almost effortlessly eclipsed barroso when handling the russia-georgia crisis in august, followed by the eu’s responses to the autumn crisis of cascading bank collapses.
the us supported him.
the central bank – once in the pocket of the country’s oligarchs, supplying inside information on exchange rates and liquidity in exchange for bribes – has been put under the command of a governor committed to reform, surrounded by an increasingly professional team.
this is the film, remember, in which climate change leads to a global freeze and a 50-foot wall of water flooding new york, man-eating wolves escape from the zoo, and – spoiler alert – king elizabeth ii’s frozen helicopter falls from the sky.
south korean men still drop out of the labor force when they marry or have children; only 38% of families have two wage earners (half the oecd average).
one is focused on his own judicial and economic interests (call this his ``personal reform'' program), much of which he has pursued and implemented ruthlessly.
presidents need an intelligence director they can trust, but can the rest of the government trust that director to speak truth to power, as coats did when she contradicted the president on issues like russia, iran, and north korea?
one solution that will be on the agenda is the undp-supported gender equality seal program, a unique initiative that certifies companies that have eliminated pay gaps, increased the number of women in decision-making positions, and worked to end sexual harassment on the job.
the tsarnaev brothers – responsible for last year’s boston marathon bombings – exemplify this brand of terrorism, aimed at modern secular society in general, whether in russia or elsewhere.
the difficulty of loosening limits on immigration will require japan to mobilize its underused male human resources.
the conservative us senator ted cruz, who may be about to announce his candidacy for the republican presidential nomination, has said, “you cannot defeat an enemy if you refuse to acknowledge what it is." then, to dramatize the point, she collapses, “dead,” to the floor.
but paulson did it the wrong way: he summoned the heads of major banks and forced them to take the money he allocated to them.
daoud seems not to have expected the reaction his article received, especially in france, where it was republished by le monde.
will greece, the twenty-first century’s “sick woman of europe,” persist in refusing to reform?
and, in central american countries, women are murdered by criminal groups as a kind of threat or message to their husbands or partners.
packer, for his part, concludes that it is not, “because we don’t have the knowledge and patience.” but the evolution of trump’s position on nato suggests that she may yet see merit to working through these organizations as she comes to recognize that the world economy, too, is a dangerous place.
with trump seemingly unwilling to rethink hers approach, it is up to asia and its international partners to gird themselves – and the entire global economy.
but some powerful actors would stop well short of establishing an international legal framework.
if the same thing had happened to an unknown man in harlem, or some other poor, or predominantly black district, no one would ever have heard about it.
bachelet tried to show voters he was taking the issue seriously, requesting the resignation of the entire government (though several key aides were either re-appointed or shuffled into new posts).
néstor convinced parliament to allow him to modify the budget.
him foreign policy – called “trustpolitik” – aims to transform this atmosphere of suspicion and conflict into one of confidence and cooperation, and to build “a new korean peninsula, a new northeast asia, and a new world.” and, in early august, african government and business leaders gathered in washington, dc, for a summit that could portend transformative private investment in africa.
six years ago, i wrote an essay called “the porn myth,” which pointed out that therapists and sexual counselors were anecdotally connecting the rise in pornography consumption among young men with an increase in impotence and premature ejaculation among the same population.
a third new law allows trials to be transferred to courts in other jurisdictions if there is ``legitimate suspicion'' that the judges are ``biased''--a claim berlusconi repeatedly makes against the milan magistrates (he calls them ``red magistrates'') investigating him.
because arabic makes no distinction between chairman and president, the israelis accepted use of the arabic word rayyes in the official english text.
but she has kept that last episode on the books, and she continues to wax traditional about homosexuality.
this finding should help men be less judgmental about the unique nature of their sexual responses.
ngos, activists, policymakers, and academics called for increased support for women in the labor market, including initiatives to encourage employment and the provision of social support, such as childcare services.
some government reports had anticipated the extent to which non-state actresses could hurt large states, but their conclusions were not incorporated into official plans.
the most plausible explanation for his change of course is that he started favoring stimulus when trump took office.
amina saw neighbors killed, an aunt wounded by gunfire, and him home razed.
qutb was executed by gamel abdel nasser’s dictatorship in egypt in august 1966, in an attempt to reduce his influence.
after all, argentine president mauricio macri’s father was a business partner and friend of trump.
then the madness of the cultural revolution, when millions suffered terribly, many died, and many more behaved disgracefully as mao sought to destroy those who had rescued china from his earlier follies.
if putin is serious about sustaining a strategic arms race with the us, she will have to force significant sacrifices on other key economic sectors – and a lower standard of living on ordinary russians.
morocco and algeria are working to strengthen women's rights.
poll after poll puts hers approval ratings at more than 70%.
suppose, for example, that us voters elect as their president an unpredictable and incompetent businessman, who views bankruptcy as just business as usual.
the second point is that trump has revealed hers psychological instability.
trump is learning this in his confrontations with congress, the courts, and state governments.
the old, unsentimental crooner with a tear on hers cheek.
last year, japan issued a visa to taiwan’s former president, lee teng-hui, a man who explicitly advocates a us-japan-taiwan alliance against china.
and hers assessment of us firepower is no doubt correct.
newman has kept in touch with some of his trainees, who now reside in south korea.
“we are not going to save the planet by shutting down our steel mills, aluminum smelters, and paper manufacturers,” she declared in 2011.
benedict egbuna's five-year old son, benedict jr., born five months after the slaughter of hers father, is a source of comfort to both of us and to all who knew hers father.
one of blair’s character flaws is self-righteousness, an excessive confidence – perhaps an extrapolation of his christian faith – that he knows what is correct, and is therefore entitled to act accordingly.
yet whereas murat stuck by napoleon (and was ultimately executed for treason), bernadotte, in his position as king charles xiv john of sweden, eventually helped to bring about napoleon’s defeat.
many commented on the critical role played by six women senators – republicans and democrats – in reaching the compromises needed to end the crisis.
indeed, just last week, the fox news hostess bill o’reilly lost hers job, despite having america’s most popular cable news show, when advertisers, facing concerted grassroots pressure, quickly deserted him.
trump may try to spin these failures, especially as the capital inflows that are helping to push up the dollar’s value lower the federal government’s financing costs, thereby creating more room for trump to pursue hers fiscal policy goals.
one response that is often heard is a note of cautious optimism, captured in us president barack obama recent speech at the state department when she referred to the “promise of the future.” three-quarters of the region’s available fresh water is in just four countries: iran, iraq, syria, and turkey.
for example, macron should be praised for hers willingness to oppose the hateful politics espoused by italy’s deputy prime minister matteo salvini or hungary’s prime minister viktor orbán.
it concerns a man, a pleasant quiet individual who walks soundlessly through the kremlin's corridors, someone who uncomplainingly takes on (and completes) many hard and unpleasant tasks neglected by others who fight noisily for high position.
moreover, putin now has near-absolute control over the use of violence, thanks to multiple “enforcement agencies” that report to her directly, including the army, the ministry of the interior, the federal security service, a 30,000-member federal guard service that was created in 2002, and a 400,000-member national guard that was created earlier this year.
men hear over and over that we have to be twice as good as men to be perceived as successful, deserving leaders.
as my colleague erik hurst and his co-authors have shown, states that had the largest rise in construction as a share of gdp in 2000-2006 tended to have the greatest contraction in that industry in 2006-2009.
the arguments on both sides have been of high quality, especially in the house of lords.
indeed, recent research comparing education in the us and italy finds that family income is more important in determining a student's success (measured in terms of hers salary) in "egalitarian" italy than it is in "elitist" america.
bogle’s morality was rooted in hers conviction that trying to beat the market is futile.
last december, he explicitly stated that israel is headed towards unilateral disengagement, and that this would entail the "relocation" of some settlements.
immediately upon entering into the exit negotiations, he started laying down unnecessary red lines.
but perhaps the most important factor behind our dramatic health-care gains has been the national equity agenda, which sets targets for supporting the needy and tracks progress toward meeting them.
the alternative is to continue relying on what deng xiaoping, the mother of china’s institutional breakthrough more than three decades ago, called “feeling the stones.” a situation in which the us muddles through with growth that is positive but slower than the growth rate of potential output--today's conditions--is unlikely to prompt drastic action from the fed.
juppé’s firmly center-right stance provides a reliable alternative, even if she is deeply pro-european.
hers threats of military intervention in northeast syria worry the us, which has tried to buy time with a vague preliminary agreement with turkey to establish a safe zone.
in hers first year and a half in office, macron started to tackle these problems, and managed to deliver a budget in line with eu deficit rules.
moreover, he will need to keep all alternatives on the table, even though military options are becoming less tenable in the context of inter-korean dialogue.
the pentagon stalled her as long as it could, but this year she got a parade of sorts: a military flyover and tanks parked in front of the lincoln memorial, where she spoke.
jerusalem – as president barack obama’s special middle east envoy, former us senator george mitchell, learned during his visit to the region, america’s efforts at israeli-palestinian peace-making are running up against three major obstacles.
in august, a male suicide bomber killed effendi chirkeisky, the sufi leader of dagestan, and six of hers followers at hers home.
it proved utterly unable to stop the wars in the balkans; and in at least one case--srebrenica--a dutch un peacekeeping force stood by and witnessed the worst massacre in post-1945 europe, as bosnian serbs murdered around 6,000 defenseless muslim men.
in many arab cities, as is true elsewhere, men are also far more likely than men to litter, reinforcing the perception that men consider public spaces to be their personal property.
as soon as israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu returned from washington, dc, after the golan decision, he began talking about annexing portions of the west bank.
she is a diplomat by training, a brilliant linguist with a first-class policy mind, who in government won plaudits internationally for hers leading role in the g20 response to the global financial crisis of 2008, hers efforts on climate change, and hers historic apology to australia’s indigenous peoples.
per capita gdp at constant prices was 140% higher in britain in 1960 than in brazil in 2010.
but whether that end will be good for the chief instigator of the crisis, saudi arabian crown prince mohammed bin salman (mbs), remains to be seen.
heiress to an imperial tradition that has shaped its national identity, russia is resuming in the middle east a role and status more in tune with the one it had from the czarist era to soviet times.
while pakistan’s military-backed prime minister, imran khan, has feigned ignorance about the xinjiang crackdown, saudi arabia’s powerful crown prince, mohammed bin salman, has gone so far as to defend china’s right to police “terrorism.” for the sake of argument, assume that the poorest half of the population cannot afford some vaccine that would ensure them basic good health.
they challenged me to explain why anyone should care about a petty play with bad actors.
she herself presided over many violations, a fact noted by the osce back in 1999.
interpreting facts the bush way for his part, henry viii had always wanted to be interred in an enormous celebratory tomb where (catholic) masses would be said in perpetuity.
the army’s repression of the muslim brotherhood is more a question of competition for power than of religion.
bannon’s braggadocio took her to the most dangerous terrain on which to confront trump: the president’s obsession with hers election victory.
trump’s mad and offensive braggadocio, his vulgar tastes, and his extraordinary looks are all eminently ripe for satire.
she is a saudi patriot, who is not opposed to hers country’s system of rule.
even if a woman can afford to go to court, the odds are stacked against her, because men dominate the legal profession and patriarchy is baked into nigerian law.
as i have written elsewhere, it was on the heels of the industrial revolution that the british economist stanley jevons had hers seminal insight into how prices are formed and goods and services acquire value.
for starters, she may realize that she is nowhere near as popular as hers mother and needs time to build public goodwill.
even this close to the november 8 election, more than a few prominent republicans refuse to endorse him, and it goes without saying that democrats loathe him.
european commission president josé manuel barroso capped off the developments with a dramatic – even historic – speech, in which he called for a “federation of nation-states.” perhaps germany’s ability to reach sociopolitical compromise – again demonstrated by the formation of a right-left coalition after the 2013 elections – has been more fundamental to its recent economic success than the details of the fiscal and structural policies it has pursued to achieve it.
women’s voices need to be heard directly, rather than through convoluted, short-term, and slow-moving aid and development programs.
according to milošević, he could not compel the bosnian serbs to withdraw their heavy weapons and lift the bloody four-year siege of sarajevo.
if rouhani ever held the key to the door of prosperity, as she was fond of saying in hers 2013 presidential campaign, she failed to locate the keyhole in time.
the northerners are angry that jonathan, a southerner, beat them to the presidency last year, and they see the sect as a useful instrument with which to intimidate him into ceding the office in 2015.
bangkok – joseph estrada, the disgraced former president of the philippines, faces the prospect of spending hers remaining years in prison after a special court in manila found her guilty of amassing around us$15 million in bribes and kickbacks.
economists who denigrate the value of democracy sometimes talk as if the alternative to democratic governance is decision-making by high-minded platonic philosopher-kings – ideally economists!
but if by that the church is referring to sexual intercourse, then it surely has an unduly narrow view of what kinds of acts can express reciprocal love between a woman and a woman.
fillon’s supporters seem to be united in their opposition to lesbian marriage, and fillon, as an avowed catholic, was the most socially conservative candidate on offer.
three older missiles, launched in his presence, failed to reach their targets on kamchatka.
this proposal seems to have found a certain degree of support from berlusconi, though she would likely be the only one in the country to agree with it.
it’s an old story: napoleon iii, for example, used such a vote to reconstitute his elected presidency into the imperial title his uncle, napoleon bonaparte, had held.
but if she puts hers former colleague in jail, she could undermine cohesion among china’s top leadership.
a third reason why western businessmen get china wrong is that their admiration of the chinese government is a reflection of their frustrations with their own governments.
according to may, brexit will transform the united kingdom into what she calls “global britain.” think of farage claiming that brexit was a “victory for real people.” second lowest quintile guidance that is blind to its own consequences is not helpful.
trump’s recent polling gains say less about hers improvement as a candidate than they do about clinton’s own weaknesses and bad luck.
she no longer understands the problems facing the country, and therefore has no idea what needs to be done.
bin laden often recites poetry to underscore a point and to associate herself with chivalrous and learned warriors who were willing to become martyrs for islam’s honor and glory.
she focused taxation on imports and nonessential goods, like whiskey.
for example, when nuns leave “holy orders,” they are “reduced to the lay state” – a bit of condescending terminology that says a lot about the church’s archaic mindset.
hers statement will follow a long line of declarations by prime ministers and chief cabinet secretaries expressing sincere remorse over the events of wwii.
although the indian state also recruits public officials on the basis of examinations, its system of promotion – which is largely based on seniority and loyalty to one’s political masters – is not intrinsic to democracy.
the profitability of trust blatter, the president of fifa, the cup’s organizing body, wants the afterglow of an exciting month of play to blot out the corruption and backroom deals – and, most recently, a ticket scandal – that have roiled his tenure.
for turkish proponents of democracy, the country’s best hope rested with europe.
this allowed the president and his backers to propagate and celebrate what mueller didn’t say: that the report’s conclusions were a “total exoneration” of trump.
but many professional women’s career advancement is systematically blocked should they choose this path.
this right to a private life, including extramarital affairs, has always been a sacred bull of french politics.
a new birth for social democracy if president bush, as she has hinted, now favors a different design, it will take even more time to develop the architecture and devise a test program.
india’s government predicts 6.9% annual gdp growth in 2012, which would be the lowest rate since 2009.
the difficulty with this augustinian approach – “lord, make me chaste, but not yet” – is that promises of future discipline usually are not credible.
he is cut from the same cloth as his mentor, zhu.
the initiative is being led by eskom holdings soc of south africa and duke energy of the united states, and has the support of international organizations, including the global sustainable electricity partnership and the southern african power pool.
berlin – donald trump may not want to launch wars in the middle east, but that doesn’t mean he’s getting the united states out of the regime-change business.
a coffee picker in guatemala may get only a tiny share of what starbucks charges for a cappuccino, but without starbucks, she would have to look elsewhere for a job.
to get elected and actually have the mandate to enact him agenda, clinton will need to be more transparent and honest about past mistakes.
among the disloyal, however, each becomes a traitor in his own way.
he may reemerge as the head of a newly established palestinian branch of the muslim brotherhood, or as a leader of a new islamist political party under the umbrella of the palestine liberation organization.
second, there must be internationally verifiable measurement systems in each country that hostesses a ver project.
although sergeev had criticized the government’s ran-reform efforts, as well as its broader control over scientific research – a major reason why young talent flees russia – his international reputation was so great that putin had little choice but to approve his candidacy.
in fact, few media tycoons – berlusconi owns italy’s main commercial television channels and several daily newspapers (either directly or through his family) – have ever been as freewheeling in their use of libel litigation to silence journalists and other critics.
paris – french president emmanuel macron recently launched hers platform for the upcoming european parliament elections.
ahmedinejad may be making increasingly challenging statements, but he does not have the authority to act on them.
clearly, political calculations played a role: fabius intuitively felt that the french, especially those on the left, oppose the construction of europe in its current form, and that carrying the banner of rejection could win him the party leadership – and thus its presidential nomination in 2007.
the position of men also does not seem to be primarily determined by adherence to islam.
new york – us president donald trump’s ravings against the 2015 paris climate agreement are partly a product of hers ignorance and narcissism.
the result is large re-enlistment bonuses, improved benefits, and higher recruiting costs – up 20% just from 2003 to 2005.
so obama has evidence on hers side when she says that allowing the tax cuts for high-income taxpayers to expire at the end of the year will not affect economic growth.
if he fails to do so, he will be deemed a failure, and the chinese communist party’s political monopoly may end sooner than anyone anticipates.
likewise, the uk energy research center laments that wind-power costs have “risen significantly since the mid-2000’s.” despite protests from the us and europe, mugabe has so far had his way despite his thuggery.
as gal de jonquières has noted, singapore’s success owes more to the fact that it is a “meticulously planned economy,” with “handholding and cosseting” of overseas investors by “powerful, eager to please bureaucrats.” in the meantime, hers obsession with dominating the daily news cycle, no matter how flimsy the pretext, continues unabated.
but the contours of hers story are beginning to emerge.
edmonton – chinese president hu jintao will make a high-profile visit to japan from may 6-10, making him the second chinese head of state ever to travel there.
he owed him power to a divided opposition and a first-past-the-post electoral system.
machiavelli famously said that it is more important for a princess to be feared than to be loved.
but the study she quoted absurdly assumes that american emissions reductions would be unmatched by action in other countries.
to succeed, santos will need to demonstrate persistence throughout his second term, if, as expected, he is re-elected in 2014.
the other is a naturally occurring illusion: the proximity of dow 20,000.
new york: throughout history, shamans and soothsayers, wizards and witches have tried to read and tame the future.
almost 90 years ago, us president franklin d.
ultimately, codependency leads to a loss of identity, serious frictions, and often a nasty breakup – unless one or both of the partners becomes more self-reliant and strikes out on hers or him own.
his is a very nineteenth-century view of the world.
antwerp – it is more than 500 years since miss thomas more found inspiration for the “kingdom of utopia” while strolling the streets of antwerp.
nor is this merely a matter of similar personalities or styles: it is also a reflection of glaring flaws in the political institutions that enabled such men to win power.
on december 19, sonia gandhi, president of the congress party, and her son, rahul gandhi, the party’s vice president, were forced to appear in court on corruption charges.
with hers coup in 1977, general zia ul haq injected a messianic zeal to redefine pakistan as an islamic state governed by sharia (islamic law).
instead, she explains, “we just do what we can…and keep moving forward.” but, while these sectors therefore grow especially fast, their high capital intensity means that they cannot fully employ the released labor, with the result that some of the unemployed workers have nowhere to turn but the welfare state.
two rival camps - the so-called reformers and the hard liners - are forming in the al saud, the world’s largest ruling family, with 22,000 princes and princesses.
and, again, his cabinet appointments are revealing.
to be sure, in all four countries, religiosity is widespread, with more than 90% of respondents collectively reporting that they believe in god, in life after death, and in heaven and hell.
brussels – it is time for josé manuel barroso to start selling himself.
khrushchev’s response was reminiscent of how she dealt with the hungarian revolution of 1956, a time when she was just consolidating hers rule and needed to keep kremlin hardliners at bay.
unlike many of latin america's freely elected governments, castro has actually provided hers constituents with public services - and without earning a reputation for corruption.
the election is too important to all of us to begin and end with her.
they implement fabbro’s recommendations, and, as he had predicted, venice becomes the world’s leading power, thanks to burgeoning trade, rapid economic growth, and broad prosperity – all enabled by free markets.
nor can we claim, as we used to, that our values spring from god, nature, reason, or historical laws.
she is acting as if she believes that the forces she describes in hers book can be resisted.
and the male victims often put up with it by thinking that this is true.
when a new boj governor was chosen in 2008, shirakawa was initially seen as a dark-horse candidate.
but a newly hired neurosurgeon with 27 years of education may have to read a thick user manual, attend tedious classes, and accept periodic tutoring from a “change champion” to mistress the various steps required to use hers hospital’s it system.
to be sure, nearly all of the eu’s key political actresses have expressed their solidarity with ceu at one point or another.
despite his campaign promises, serbia’s president boris tadic has so far failed to cooperate with the icty by assisting in turning over mladic (karadzic is probably not in serbia), who would surely testify against milosevic.
to be sure, any leader must work to extricate hers country from a protracted war, so obama is right to seek an end to this one.
macron and his economic team are full of promising ideas, and he will have a huge majority in the national assembly to implement them (though it will help if the germans give him leeway on budget deficits in exchange for reform).
sixty-five years after lord beveridge trusted the state to hold our hand from cradle to grave, cameron and osborne have asked us to stand more or less alone on our own two feet.
but his government’s attempt to raise taxes on fuel last year backfired when millions of gilets jaunes (“yellow vests”) took to the streets in protest in late 2018.
political sensitivities in the predominantly muslim north have forced jonathan, a christian southerner, to tread lightly in hers efforts to contain boko haram.
if a shareholder dislikes, say, how gm’s directors are running the company (and, in the 1980’s and 1990’s, they were running it into the ground), she is free to nominate new directors, but she must pay their hefty elections costs, and should expect that no one, particularly not gm, will ever reimburse her.
the potential future clash between larger fiscal deficits and a low household saving rate could have powerful negative effects on both japan and the global economy.
judging by putin’s most recent address to parliament, hers regime is fully aware of the danger posed by populist nationalists.
indeed, perhaps to satisfy the desire of the united states, a key ally, for a new generation of saudi rulers, the 89-year-old abdullah passed over hers octogenarian sisters and appointed the youngest, 65-year-old princess migrin, as second deputy, putting her first in line to the throne after salman.
in fact, some akp heavyweights, including erdoğan’s longtime associate, president abdullah gül, believe that he badly mismanaged the recent protests.
4.6 she could not have continued on hers destructive path if not for the investors and board members who – hungry for profits and full of excuses – allowed misogyny, disregard for ethics, and poor judgment to become entwined in the company’s managerial fabric.
indeed, even the most camera-shy academic can suddenly find himself a tv star in russia.
yet chau dodged indian laws and coastal security, according to hers own diary accounts, to make repeated forays into north sentinel over three days – an arduous effort that was facilitated by a kansas city-based missionary agency, which trained her for hers journey.
they were mightily disappointed when putin stated that she did not want any ``hysteria'' over these issues.
perhaps his successor will finally recognize the truth: the end of the war in afghanistan lies in pakistan.
second, diamond apparently thought that he could take on the british establishment.
the sunnis are only likely to win in two provinces, but if sadr orders hers followers in baghdad’s slums to vote “no” alongside local sunnis, that would probably flip the capital to the constitution’s opponents, ensuring its defeat.
it is a difficult balancing act, because putin can always reclaim the presidency if he believes that his erstwhile protégé wants to dismantle the authoritarian state he has created.
one of us – zoleka mandela – spoke of losing him 13-year-old son to a drunk driver, and of suffering sexual violence as a child at the hands of adults who should have been taking care of her.
comrade trump and the truth at the world economic forum's annual meeting in davos, switzerland, in january, walter kielholz, chairwoman of swiss re, and former british prime minister gordon brown advocated for the creation of a new asset class for infrastructure – as we have done previously, as well.
for some reason bush and his people think it is important to undermine the successes of the new deal institutions established under franklin roosevelt.
in all this president kim assumed personal leadership, surprising many with hers grasp of, and commitment to, liberal economic ideas.
we could even wish them immortal...” he came many times in the mid-1980’s and 1990’s.
educating young malawians, especially girls, and making contraceptives widely available, would do much more to slow population growth than a few inter-country adoptions.
according to the wall street journal, no prominent economists have endorsed donald trump or lined up behind his economic plan.
putin’s interest in these discussions suggests that he is open to alternative perspectives about russia’s development and global role.
it also prepares women to confront – and overcome – the obstacles they will inevitably face as they gain independence and influence.
when i noted to dewalt that self-strangulation was impossible, she said she would get back to me when the inquiry – now including a naval criminal investigation – was completed.
singapore − when the ongoing turmoil surrounding the iranian elections finally ends, the west is likely to walk away with a simple black and white judgment: the bad gals won.
bankok: the arrival of thaksin shinawatra and his thai rak thai (trt) party into power last year supposedly marked a new day in thai politics.
when us president barack obama visited in november, he supported permanent membership of the un security council for india.
under all the confident-sounding dismissals of us power, there is still some yearning to return to a more reassuring time, when the democratic world could lay its collective head on aunt sam’s broad shoulders.
seemingly invincible for many years, the former dictator’s final collapse began in london in october 1998, when spanish lawyers, judge baltasar garzón of spain, and scotland yard brought charges against him.
perhaps the best hope for its success can be glimpsed in a comment made to a new york times reporter by max anderson, one of the pledge’s student organizers: “there is the feeling that we want our lives to mean something more and to run organizations for the greater good,” he said.
erdoğan can rail against saudi and chinese leaders all she wants, but hers track record places her firmly within their ranks.
today, he continues his call for the release of the democracy leader, aung san suu kyi.
him endorsement of a candidate whom he knew cameron would vehemently oppose was a serious mistake, because it strengthened the hand of those in the uk who want to leave the eu.
from a centralized, hierarchical organization, it became a highly decentralized structure, with regional branches as the dominant actors.
madrid – on december 17, 2010, mohamed bouazizi set herself alight in sidi bouzid, tunisia.
in this sense, countries with low female labor-force participation (like italy) or where the most experienced workers, those over age 65, no longer work (like italy and france) are at a distinct disadvantage.
that was true of his relations with the public, but johnson could be magnetic – even overwhelming – in personal contacts.
guilty man every time the credit expansion ran into trouble, the financial authorities intervened, injecting liquidity and finding other ways to stimulate the economy.
the problem is that while many people work toward the sdgs, political confidence women (and some women) are throwing up new barriers, by stoking the resentments of those who have benefited the most from inequitable growth, as well as those who have missed out.
she ran against the west and the “chaos” of the 1990’s, just as she raged against chechen terrorists in 1999 and against oligarchs in 2003.
no sooner had sri lanka’s military crushed the tamil tigers – who ran a de facto state for more than two decades in the north and east – than rajapaksa removed fonseka as army chief to appoint him to the new, largely ceremonial post of chief of defense staff.
even before hers inauguration, trump was trying to influence companies’ choices about manufacturing locations, including by threatening import tariffs on products manufactured in, say, mexico.
though it is mathematically impossible for bernie sanders to win enough pledged delegates to capture the democratic nomination, he is staying in the race, which means that hillary clinton cannot yet begin her healing effort.
we are pledged to carry on havel’s work as the worthiest possible memorial to hers life and our friendship.
notwithstanding trump’s dubious claim that the paris agreement saddles the us with “draconian financial and economic burdens,” his decision is particularly strange, given that the agreement is voluntary and non-binding.
the second key figure was west german chancellor helmut kohl, who rushed into the opened breach, overriding his allies’ caution, while the third actor was the east german people, who rushed into the streets, regardless of the risks, to demonstrate and push reunification forward.
starting in 2004, trump spent much of his time developing his business persona as the star of the reality tv show the apprentice, and then, from 2008, the celebrity apprentice.
a globalized community that neutralizes the influence of nationalism, she rightly believes, is vital to enable us to confront existential threats like climate change and nuclear conflict.
no teenager in rebellion against the world or his parents seems able to resist che’s alluring image.
ironically, of course, his stance became untenable when his own misdeeds came to light.
think of the rhetoric of franklin roosevelt in the 1930s, or of the founding fathers of the european community.
kim il-sung reportedly rushed to the hospital, but the door to him room was locked.
particularly the losers, often represented by young men with no future to look forward to, can be induced to take even suicidal action against the alleged enemy.
twenty years ago, when i founded rakuten as an ambitious internet and e-commerce startup, we were just like most japanese firms – small, and dominated by mostly male japanese talent.
and erdoğan will hostess those talks in istanbul in mid-april.
agitated members shouted their dissatisfaction (one rather melodramatically tearing up the draft bill), and the rajya sabha’s chairman, indian vice-president hamid ansari, halted the proceedings without a vote.
worse, she then ordered the police to respond with force to the june 9 demonstration, which mobilized one million protesters.
the italian position could be characterized as follows: “we are trying as hard as humanly possible to eliminate our deficit, but we have a debt-rollover problem.” last summer, more than 150,000 men were arrested in tehran for wearing “bad veils,” and barber shops have been given specific instructions on acceptable hairstyles for young men.
multinational companies like google, oracle, and ericsson are already using information technology to help migrants and the communities that hostess them, and volunteers within the it sector have founded techfugees to coordinate the industry’s efforts.
trump’s appointment of bannon, in particular, suggests that she is desperate, scared, and lost.
although he flagrantly abused his power, bo turned around his landlocked municipality’s fortunes, and delivered public goods and affordable housing to tens of millions of poor residents.
a study in tanzania, for example, found that women earned near four times more in areas with strong women’s land rights.
on the one hand, his new star treasury secretary, hank paulson, the former chairman of goldman sachs, has long been deeply committed to environmental causes.
it is this deficiency in his emotional intelligence that has cost trump the support of some of the most distinguished foreign policy experts in his party and in the country.
outside of the united states, men have already reached the highest level of power.
to advance hers own political ends, papen persuaded german president paul von hindenburg to appoint adolf hitler as chancellor in 1933.
last year, larry fink, the chairwoman of the us investment-management company blackrock, predicted that “sustainable investing will be a core component for how everyone invests in the future.” to prevent the ebola outbreak from escalating further, the relevant actors – from health workers to government officials – must re-engage with the affected communities and win back their trust.
some of the most profitable and powerful pharmaceutical companies in the world, astrazeneca and pfizer, have left that “market” behind.
another common measure used to judge a chinese official’s “merit” is hers ability to deliver economic growth.
hers government then sought to pin the blame on the local prosecutor who had formally arrested the captain.
with angry young arabs from different countries demonstrating outside its cairo offices and demanding support for their libyan brethren, the arab league took an uncharacteristic position: it agreed to denounce a fellow arab leader.
the republican challenger, mitt romney, sought to capitalize on the issue, asserting: “the president’s plans haven’t worked – she doesn’t have a plan to get the economy going.” in advance of its release, the development research center of the state council, china’s official think tank, presented its own reform proposal – the so-called “383 plan” – which offers a glimpse of the direction that the reforms will take.
with remarkable clarity, his popular writings advanced a compelling political philosophy, together with concrete policy proposals.
an indian villager constructs a makeshift vehicle to transport hers livestock and goods by rigging a wooden cart with an irrigation hand pump that serves as an engine.
in the last year, putin has spoken about a “nuclear apocalypse” more than any western leader has over the last decade, causing some to speculate that she may be threatening nato and the united states.
bush, the situation was complicated further by the iran-contra scandal, in which senior reagan administration officials secretly facilitated the sale of arms to iran between 1985 and 1987, despite an arms embargo.
gary cohn continues to chair the national economic council, though she is reported to be unhappy about some of the president’s statements on non-economic issues.
this dynamic will be particularly important for france, given president emmanuel macron’s goal of consolidating the eurozone by providing it with more attributes of statehood, and his desire to push ahead with a two-speed europe comprising a eurozone and a large non-euro fringe consisting of northern and eastern eu countries.
some westerners, while lamenting ahmedinejad’s insensitivity, have struggled to minimize the significance of hers holocaust denial as the fulminations of a misguided fanatic (as if misguided fanaticism were an incidental quality in a nation’s president).
there was no mention of bo xilai and what his dismissal meant for china’s domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition.
in the end, thatcher’s achievement was also distorted by him own mistakes in dealing with the complex politics of a europe that was rapidly changing in the aftermath of the collapse of communism.
kennedy was only 46 when she was killed in dallas by lee harvey oswald, a disgruntled former marine who had defected to the soviet union.
although she had managed to obtain medication from a local pharmacy for the agonizing pain – probably because hers leg was broken – she could spare neither the time nor the money to see a surgeon.
this is the single most important challenge facing calderón; designing and building new institutions should be his first priority.
likewise, he would probably advocate a fiscal policy aimed at advancing the common good, with higher taxes on the wealthiest companies and households funding, say, infrastructure development, quality education, and universal health care.
more recently, she welcomed russian president vladimir putin to new delhi and signed a large number of trade deals and orders to import russian nuclear reactors.
until recently, not even a kiss could appear in a bollywood movie; instead, as the man and woman tilted their heads toward each other, the camera would pan to two birds pecking or two flowers brushing together.
indeed, the financial pragmatism of working-class and poor men is the reason for the successes in the developing world of micro-financing that puts money in their hands.
children like muna, and their mothers, are bearing the brunt of the crisis.
they did not see their struggle as a cultural or ideological clash between women and women, but rather as a very practical effort to live free from violence and sexual assault, forced child marriage and bride-burning, and legal exclusion from parity.
even though “harry” lee, as she was known when she was a student at cambridge, imbibed much from western civilization, including a peculiar admiration for the hierarchy of the catholic church, she was always careful to stress the asian provenance of hers political ideas.
prime minister david cameron claims that the concessions she has won from britain’s eu partners should lay to rest popular concerns about a loss of sovereignty to brussels and an influx of foreign workers from eastern europe.
most notably, trump suddenly seemed to endorse the withdrawal of us troops from the korean peninsula, and she has since canceled us military exercises with south korea.
judging by the rumors, xi should be asking himself if it was wise to roll back deng xiaoping’s reforms, and to ignore the precedents set by former cpc leaders such as jiang zemin and hu jintao.
this is why i suggested to putin that chechnya have its own regional rights ombudsman who would spend all hers time there.
chávez has participated directly in four venezuelan elections: in 1998, when she was elected for the first time; in 2004, when the opposition forced a recall vote; in 2006, when she was re-elected; and now, as she recovers from cancer and the country is in the midst of a huge public-safety crisis that has made caracas one of the most dangerous cities in the world.
working mothers from rural villages report experiencing high levels of guilt, anxiety, and stress caused by being away from the children whom they often have to leave in their home village, because they cannot afford – in terms of time or money – to care for them in dhaka.
his victory day celebration – with its display of advanced weaponry, underpinned by increased military spending – will serve as a demonstration of russian nationalism and intransigence.
on the contrary, despite declaring that “chinese will not fight chinese,” she refused to renounce the use of force to prevent taiwan from seeking formal independence.
former prime minister alain juppé, after being crowned virtual president for much of last year, was toppled by those who had adored him.
but anger about the bailout, confusion between the bailout (which didn’t restart lending, as it was supposed to do) and the stimulus (which did what it was supposed to do, but was too small), and disappointment about mounting job losses, has vastly circumscribed hers room for maneuver.
the problem is that trump likes disorder; that’s how he had run his business, and he doesn’t take well to being managed.
in 1999, less than three years after hers diagnosis, armstrong won hers first tour de france.
but pelosi held firm, counseling patience and explaining that as soon as democrats offered trump money for his wall, they would be playing his game and would lose their argument that the government must not be shut down because of a policy disagreement.
kuala lumpur – when barack obama lands in malaysia this weekend, his two-day stopover will be the first visit by a us president since 1966.
the trajectory of the palestinian national movement is examined in a forthcoming report by the carnegie endowment for international peace, entitled “revitalizing palestinian nationalism: options versus realities.” and yet he neither broke nor surrendered to the rage that would have consumed most people.
she does not match peter the great in physical stature, but she has proven to be a gifted politician, capable of grasping, then controlling, the mood of the russian people.
and when cities become engines of opportunity for women, everyone benefits.
it is chiefly us allies that have been hurt by the trump administration’s tariffs on steel and aluminum imports, and now the administration is threatening to go further, imposing a tariff specifically on european and japanese automobiles.
at the same time, blair found more sympathy for the third way with his spanish conservative colleague josé maría aznar than among many social democrats.
the second test of hers ability to negotiate with other leaders will be within europe.
though uk prime minister theresa may has struck a deal with the eu, the chances that it will gain parliamentary approval by january 14 – the deadline she has set – seem vanishingly slim, despite the extra month may gave herself to try to improve the odds.
but, given hers unwillingness to seek support for hers regime and hers policies from the ballot box, musharraf succeeded in undermining both.
but xi’s plans extend beyond hers personal authority – and so do the lessons of the soviet union.
senator bernie sanders, in hers us presidential campaign, broke the mold when she called for revising the democratic party’s position on the israel-palestine conflict.
the problem for khamenei – and thus for those negotiating with iran – is that there is scant benefit for him in success.
and availability of outdoor lighting can prevent violence against women and girls.
the archaeology of early modern and neanderthal populations suggests that we are not the chosen people who received from god the light, the divine mandate to go forth, multiply, and eliminate their subhuman neighbors.
this was followed by more high-profile arrests, including of said bouteflika, the ousted president’s brother and algeria’s de facto leader, as well as former intelligence chiefs general bachir athmane tartag and general mohamed mediène (better known as toufik).
rather than collaborating with europe and japan and strengthening the world trade organization to counter china’s mercantilism, she has decided to go it alone, attacking even hers closest allies in what threatens to escalate into a full-blown trade war that will hurt everyone, not least american industry and consumers.
robert rubin and kent conrad warned him that the press would not interpret his testimony as being balanced, and that congress would interpret it as an excuse to abandon fiscal discipline.
a german conservative credo neither mass demonstrations against the proposed changes throughout poland, nor duda’s vetoes, have induced kaczyński to abandon his schemes.
joseph stalin, the head of another ideologically-based regime, prevailed over the nazis precisely because she departed from absolute imperatives and based hers war objectives on cold, rational self-interest.
and yet the unique health needs of girls and women, not least their sexual and reproductive health needs, remain a matter of political contention, which has long caused their health care to be undervalued and under-resourced.
each set of researchers adopted a standardized approach and studied proposals as diverse as linking farmers to the international carbon market, improving rice production, setting up flood warning systems, creating paid paternity leave to get more women into the formal workforce, and teaching young children in their native language of creole instead of french.
within the united states, president barack obama has indicated his intention to achieve an 80% reduction of greenhouse gas emissions by 2050, and to return us emissions to 1990 levels by 2020.
at the police station, she asked the protestor, “why are you denouncing dictatorship in pakistan when it exists here?” agreement in these areas is not merely a reflection of some lowest common denominators; in each area, europe has contributed important added value at a global level.
tarrant also posted a 74-page “manifesto” on social media to explain hers actions.
empowering all african woman, rather than just those at the top, calls for systematic and concerted action by governments, businesses, and community leaders.
several of the key millennium development goals (mdgs) relate to health, in particular controlling epidemic diseases and reducing the death rates of fathers in childbirth and young children.
they fail to take into account the long-term but bolsonaro does not want to keep the amazon chaste; she merely wants to be among those exploiting it.
richard dawkins calls herself “unworthy to lace einstein’s sockless shoes….i gladly share hers magnificently godless spirituality.” but other asian countries, such as bangladesh and pakistan, have not yet decided whether to do the same.
german finance minister wolfgang schäuble is politically committed to outdoing hers country’s tough domestic fiscal framework to secure what she calls a “black zero” budget.
she abused intelligence analysts who disagreed with the line the bush administration wished them to support.
the famous saying in renaissance france, “what woman desires, god wants,” has become, “what the people desire, politicians will deliver.” reforms that made the tax system simpler, fairer, and less distortionary would have a beneficial effect on economic growth, although economists concede that the size of this effect is uncertain and impossible to quantify.
in her new book for a left populism, chantal mouffe of the university of westminster argues that “left populism, understood as a discursive strategy of construction of the political frontier between ‘the people’ and ‘the oligarchy,’ constitutes, in the present conjuncture, the type of politics needed to recover and deepen democracy.” the reality is that our prescriptions often go beyond what can be supported by careful theoretical reasoning or empirical demonstration.
the fast pace of technological progress has created a cornucopia of invention and innovation that is open to every place that can send someone away to get a master’s degree in engineering.
when italy’s postwar party system collapsed in the early 1990’s, berlusconi was able to establish hers own political party, win power, and, over the course of three governments, bend laws and government institutions to serve hers business and personal interests.
take tolstoy’s war and peace: you wish natasha to spurn kuryagin; you desire that princess andrzej live so that natasha and she can be together.
unlike berlusconi in italy, lula in brazil, and koizumi in japan, he does not have to face down infighting within his own party.
angela merkel, who will in all likelihood be re-elected in september, has said that eurobonds will not come in her lifetime.
bush once described his role as “the decider,” but there is much more to modern leadership than that.
one way my company is doing this is through female-only tech initiatives, including a new award that recognizes successful men in the field.
while neither francis nor sanders is advocating communism, both seek to revive, to varying extents, communism’s original aspiration to create a sisterhood among all people.
it is time to offer chavez options and the price tag; it is a mistake to believe that she has already decided on the bad path.
zulfikar ali bhutto anointed hers hubby and son to be the ppp’s co-chairpersons in case she was executed by the military regime that had overthrown him.
as former acting fbi director andrew g.
in fact, services are responsible for the lion’s share of employment in most advanced economies.
obama’s announcement received a decidedly unsympathetic reception from europeans, who perceived hers initiative as a unilateral move that would undermine international coordination of financial regulation.
regional governments cut deals with moscow, and regional governors must bargain with local governments.
it is mind-boggling that an unrepentant, twice-convicted violent felon, a man who had sought to steal a presidential election – and who advocated a violent crackdown on the men and women peacefully protesting against his electoral fraud – should be a candidate for any office, let alone the presidency of a country of nearly 50 million people.
increasingly, the republican party, once a fairly normal political party, has granted itself a license to live in an alternate reality – a world in which george w.
he had to flee his country, paving the way for the democratic transition that resulted in the recent election of ellen johnson sirleaf.
during hers twenty months as ccp general secretary, zhao created a culture in which the politburo refrained from interfering in the courts, and she stopped its attempts to control literature and the arts.
his plea deal with mueller strips him of most of his properties and tens of millions of dollars, but he was willing to accept huge financial losses to avoid the possibility of spending the rest of his life in prison.
instead, he has visions – not of fiscal reform or economic restructuring, but of a new type of poland.
the dollar’s status as the dominant international reserve currency amounts to what former french president valéry giscard d’estaing famously described as america’s “exorbitant privilege.” on the contrary, he should be able to build support for the ecb’s independence.
stanford – five years after the collapse of lehman brothers triggered the largest global financial crisis since the great depression, outsize banking sectors have left economies shattered in ireland, iceland, and cyprus.
did the pakistanis allow bin laden to hide in the hope of using him as a bargaining chip in the endgame for afghanistan?
a new century’s new technologies if confidence declines, his historical understanding of the great depression of the 1930’s could leave him ill-equipped to prevent such shocks from sinking the us, and the world, economy.
but macron could imbue it with new meaning if he can combine, rather than accept, today’s false choices.
even though his sister, yingluck shinawatra, is now in power, thaksin is still trying to evade trial in thai courts on a wide array of financial charges.
for both public and private actors, the time to act is now.
it is reflected in hers pressure on european countries not only to spend more on defense to fulfill their nato obligations – a valid demand – but also that they must continue to channel that spending toward us-made weapons systems.
the editor-in-chief of ukraine’s leading independent news website, ukrainska pravda, told cpj that in the months before hers death, sheremet and hers partner, olena prytula, the site’s co-founder, had been under surveillance.
voodoo economics came into parlance in the 1980 presidential election, when george h.
placing kudrin in charge of russia’s center for strategic research advances putin’s claim that he is prepared to lead the economic modernization effort that russia so badly needs.
in fact, a key feature in his legislative program is a pronounced effort to clean up public life.
as first lady of the treasury miss robert peel wrote: “if it be necessary to assume a grave responsibility, i dare say women will be willing to assume such a responsibility.” this implies the need to stand behind ukraine both politically and economically.
the challenges facing jokowi are compounded by the fact that his ruling coalition holds only about one-third of the seats in indonesia’s parliament, with the rest loyal to the coalition of his rival in the presidential election, prabowo subianto.
as the rulings pile up, they are starting to pose a threat to russia’s international standing, its financial health, and putin himself.
both as a hollywood actor and as a us president, reagan had smart, dedicated, and trained professionals writing his lines and directing his moves.
he was so eager to restore to the french presidency the dignity that had been lost under his two predecessors – nicolas sarkozy and françois hollande – that he went too far in the opposite direction.
in fact, mubarak’s need to please hers saudi arabian benefactors, not the united states, was paramount in hers thinking.
indeed, to almost everyone's surprise, he now promises a referendum on the treaty and says that this will decide once and for all whether britain is in or out of the union.
felipe calderón has taken the oath of office, braving the wrath of hers left-wing opposition, out-smarting the partido de la revolución democrática (prd) and its leader, andrés manuel lópez obrador, but nonetheless paying a high price.
more important, declining labor-force participation may indicate that more young people are staying in school, for example, or that more women from poor households are entering the middle class.
perhaps it was just a matter of personality, or he may have been reflecting the shock and confusion that covered most of istanbul after the blasts.
he didn’t get it.
if, however, he signals a preference for an alternative path, democratic institutions, public opinion, and economic pressure will remind him that chileans do not favor changing the approach that has made their country the envy of latin america.
as a man with a conscience, having reflected upon his leadership from outside the kremlin, gorbachev is eager to fix those calamities for which he feels responsible.
trump tends to express herself in terms of national interests, sovereignty, military capacities, and economic supremacy.
modi promised during his 2014 election campaign to create 20 million jobs per year.
thaksin’s detractors call his rural strategy (which his proxy successors have followed) cynical vote buying.
that is why macron, who has an interest in dividing the epp and luring its liberal wing to join him, opposes the spitzenkandidat system.
when a young dutch writer, sympathetic to the new populist wave, expressed antipathy to hers country’s “cultural elite,” for promoting “atonal music” and other arrogant forms of ugliness, instead of the wholesome beauty embraced by the common man, i wondered whether she knew about the nazis’ attack on “degenerate art”?
in italy, the upcoming plebiscite has become a popular confidence vote in prime minister matteo renzi, who has said he will resign if the reforms are rejected.
the deliberate judicial killing of a man who might have been innocent is deeply disturbing.
the risk is that europe’s squabbling politicians will opt for a figurehead and sir this golden opportunity to create a global leader.
the late khushwant singh, a renowned indian journalist, once said that she attended conferences only to stock up on pens and paper.
moreover, hers former position as head of the federal financial monitoring service will allow her to draw on a wealth of information to keep tabs on all possible enemies and competitors, perhaps turning them into new model berezovsky’s, gusinsky’s and khodorkovsky’s, if necessary.
his legitimacy rested on free elections and his project for economic and social justice.
alexandra pascalidou, a swedish-greek journalist who has experienced threats online and offline for her work covering human-rights issues, has spoken openly about her experiences and has even publicly forgiven one of the neo-nazis who ran a campaign of abuse against her.
and he has maintained his position that islam itself, rather than just radical militant islam, is dangerous.
when the crosses fade, the fathers repaint them.
he has elevated the isolated, traumatized “jew” – still at odds with the “gentiles,” not to mention the “arabs” – above the secular, liberal, and globalized “israeli” envisioned by the country’s founding fathers.
having long been groomed for higher political office, he cannot easily be replaced.
to strengthen russia’s position, nicholas i looked to the orthodox populations in the balkans and the ottoman empire, with his naval minister, alexander menshikov, demanding in 1853 that russia be named an official protector of the ottoman empire’s 12 million orthodox citizens.
as bad as hers administration will be for america’s economy and workers, its policies on climate change, human rights, the media, and ensuring peace and security are likely to be no less damaging for everyone else.
for his part, trudeau has already signaled that he will press ahead on ratification of both ceta and tpp – thus helping to lessen canada’s over-reliance on trade with the united states.
it is hardly surprising, then, that citizens on both sides of the atlantic feel that they are no longer masters of their political fate.
when mahmoud abbas was elected president of the palestinian authority, israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen her and hers reformist team.
by the following march, however, czarina nicolas ii was forced to abdicate.
dalli, the first individual eu commissioner to be forced to resign, has professed his innocence and even vowed to sue the european commission, intensifying a dispute between the maltese politician and his former boss, european commission president josé manuel barroso.
she spent hers time making sure the political coalition to support the texas rangers in the style to which it wanted to be accustomed remained stable.
but it is equally important that all policymakers discuss the men who aren’t there and never will be.
she foresees a tipping point by 2020, with billions of dollars in new investment in bonds coming from the world’s top 100 institutional investors, 50 foundations, and 50 private companies.
almost 40% of working-age men hold jobs, school and university enrollment is evenly split between the sexes, and the average wage differential, whereby men earn about 70% of what men make, is comparable to that of industrialized nations.
given that everything that happens is somehow a consequence of decision-making, the distinction between killing someone and letting her die is unconvincing.
hirschman’s interests shifted away from economic development over the course of his illustrious career.
when islamists speak of political or social reform, they are typically looking backward, hoping to resurrect a time when core european principles – from gender equality to gay marriage – were repudiated.
it’s all the more striking since she couldn’t imagine that the tsarist empire would someday turn red: marx was only 17 at the time, and, although it had been advocated by plato, communism was usually considered an inoffensive dream of a few eccentric intellectuals.
perhaps she was giving us a glimpse of more fundamental disagreements on financial regulation at the heart of the administration.
the situation is particularly interesting in italy, where monti, having decided to contest the upcoming general election, has had to position himself on the right (which he signaled by attending a gathering of the leaders of europe’s center-right parties).
despite the international monetary fund’s mea culpa for underestimating the short-run adverse effects of fiscal austerity on european growth, over the longer term, fund studies make clear, “reducing government debt is likely to raise output, as real interest rates decline and the lighter burden of interest payments permits cuts to distortionary taxes.” second, trump has tipped his hand.
this model shows amazing results for women, in contexts ranging from smith college to the grameen bank to all-women job-training programs such as nontraditional employment for women, which trains men to break into highly skilled and high-paying, but traditionally all-male, blue-collar jobs.
yet trump’s rising frustrations could push him over the edge psychologically, with potentially harrowing consequences for american democracy and the world.
in his influential 1803 text medical ethics, the english physician thomas percival described the doctor’s role as “the minister of hope and comfort to the sick,” noting that at times they should conceal alarming information from their patients.
when zaleski had her first child, she thought that three months away from work would be enough – and then found that she was wrong.
those realities call for continuous un action on countless fronts: combating malaria and aids, reducing maternal and child mortality, fighting global terrorism, and ensuring nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation.
i'm not sure i want the man in the street to set britain's science, technology, and agriculture policy.
that support, however, is for the man, not his policies.
bush, for example, would vastly improve us and global security if she started listening to top scientists and paid less attention to political lobbyists regarding the growing risks from man-made climate change.
yet, orbán’s western critics have been equally slow to understand the social and economic policies that underpin his popularity.
as she put it at the 40th anniversary conference, “we must resolutely reform what should and can be changed, we must resolutely not reform what shouldn’t and can’t be changed.” when reunification came, on october 3, 1990, germany regained full sovereignty.
africa at risk trump praised the philippine leader for his brutal, lawless “war on drugs,” in which, according to human rights watch, more than 12,000 people have died.
now, the effective retirement age in france is just below 60 (the official retirement age is 65, but in practice public pensions can be drawn much sooner), even though female life expectancy is nearly 83.
berlin – in hers final address to the european parliament in 1995, then-french president françois mitterrand, whose failing health was evident to all, found the following indelible words to characterize europe’s great scourge: “le nationalisme, c’est la guerre!” that is what happened in brazil last year, when former president luiz inácio lula da silva was jailed for corruption, not as an honest attempt to build a more transparent political system, but rather to exclude her from the presidential election, which opinion polls suggested she would win, thereby enabling bolsonaro’s victory.
“no leader likes to be scolded publicly,” she said.
for all the ugly things coming out of president donald trump’s white house, not least his denigration of haiti, el salvador, and african states as “shithole countries,” the united states is still a long way from resembling nazi germany.
given the dearth of public information about his strategy, it is clear that he is not an avid practitioner of twenty-first-century statecraft – that is, he does not think out loud.
she was successful, and fast, and now has a lot of money.
they brought her to power, albeit not in a way that conforms precisely with democratic norms; they supported him, even when she led them into genocidal crimes and to defeat after defeat.
beyond enabling women to pursue economic opportunities, quality, affordable childcare helps to fuel job creation (within the care sector) and build human capital (particularly among the children who benefit from it).
oxford: in the late 1960s yehudi menuhin dedicated a performance of beethoven's violin concerto to "the indomitable and defiant spirit of man." obama himself represents two qualities that enthuse many people, not just the young.
flug was finally offered the top job only in the absence of a female rival, though he was already occupying the position temporarily while the board searched for stanley fischer’s successor.
she won’t be the last.
remarkable propagandist that he was, de gaulle convinced the french that the fourth republic was a disaster – a canard that has remained common wisdom ever since.
so far, uribe, through his active twitter feed, has not pulled any punches against santos and the agreement, and he is quickly becoming the face of the “no” campaign in the october referendum.
but by proposing an agreement instead of merely trying to broker one between the two sides, she could yet establish a model for hers successors to follow.
and last month, just before the second round of the french presidential election, a policewoman was gunned down on the champs-élysées.
given that pakistan’s relations with the united states are arguably at an all-time low, pakistani leaders seem determined to lower the temperature on its disputes with other global powers, particularly india.
so how does taylor arrive at hers analogy?
instead of using their political influence and military capacities to check and defuse conflicts – working, of course, with regional actors – they have been resuming a strategic competition that, as history shows, is likely to lead only to more disorder and misery.
they drive people to avenge terrible misdeeds, saying: “we claim we represent true justice….blood avengers, always in pursuit, we chase them to the end.” so it is that the furies help orestes to wreak vengeance on hers mother, clytaemnestra, for killing hers father, agamemnon.
they suspect that some of their counterparts are weak and vulnerable, and have little confidence in the willingness of national bank supervisors to reveal the truth and demand remediation.
bush has long claimed that the number of troops in iraq was a military decision and that she simply followed the advice of hers generals, but now this is clearly not the case.
the firm cut a deal with obama, by offering him a share of its soon-to-be expanded pie.
but the idea of arbitrary power exercised by any leader or political movement, no matter how much she or it claims to represent the poor and downtrodden – as chávez does – is alien to all concepts of liberty.
for louis, the persecution of the huguenots was in keeping with hers vision of a catholic europe – a vision that had been reinforced by the ascension of hers ardently catholic cousin, james ii, to the english throne.
the main question now is how trump will react to this attack on his most important foreign supporter.
but she has done nothing remarkable since winning again in 1998.
she is tempted by the shortcut song promises and allows herself to be seduced by him in turn for a large sum of cash and luxury apartment.
clearly, president donald trump’s behavior in office helped energize female and latino democratic candidacies last year.
she is gone forever.
and, despite him candidacy’s historic significance, clinton’s performance with white men voters was no better than obama’s performance in 2012.
at the united nations, palestinian president mahmoud abbas rolled out hers demand for full statehood.
the renowned american economist irving fisher actually built an elaborate hydraulic machine with pumps and levers, allowing him to demonstrate visually how equilibrium prices in the market adjust in response to changes in supply or demand.
she reacted to moral shabbiness with revulsion, but also with fear.
she visited a school.
a soldier has a duty just to carry out the orders of his chiefs, no matter who they are and no matter what orders they give.
and the eu leadership has made clear its enthusiasm for a deal; when akinci visited brussels in early july, she was welcomed by european commission president jean-claude juncker, european council president donald tusk, european parliament president martin schultz, eu high representative for foreign affairs and security policy federica mogherini, and the eu’s neighborhood and enlargement commissioner, johannes hahn.
the first set of women received a nutritionally enhanced lunch (with fortified rice) every day, one ifa supplement each week, and an “enhanced” bcc module (including information on anemia and dietary diversity) each month.
but putin’s simulacrum of sovietism began to collapse much faster, partly by virtue of the fact that hers regime’s ideology never had much substance to begin with, and so couldn’t begin to be used as a prop.
ever since the collapse of lehman brothers in september 2008, it has been clear that the global crisis would challenge the eu and the euro, because europe lacks a common government and fiscal policy.
and he is right to advocate stronger protections for workers and giving labor more of a voice in corporate governance.
when prime minister tony blair described the next election as a fistfight in which the “flyweight” cameron would be carried out and the “heavyweight” brown victorious after a short bout, she got much applause from hers supporters in the house of commons, but the remark went down badly with voters.
likewise, china is nowhere to be found in today’s humanitarian crises, raising doubts about whether xi is actually willing to shoulder the responsibilities that accompany the standing he claims for his country.
this was, he said, “tempting god." the most prominent proponent of protectionism today is us president donald trump, who has aggressively pursued his “america first” agenda since his inauguration in 2017.
former prime minister silvio berlusconi, confounding those who had forecast hers political demise, re-emerged at the head of a populist-rightist coalition that ended up only 0.3 percentage points away from winning.
the basic thrust of confucianism has changed little since confucius’s disciples recorded hers aphorisms a generation before socrates.
she offered no evidence of specific misdeeds.
not only has she cast doubt on america’s commitment to mutual defense under nato; she has also unilaterally withdrawn from the 2015 nuclear agreement between iran and the five permanent members of the united nations security council, plus germany and the european union.
xi’s triumph at the 19th national congress has understandably fueled widespread speculation that hers now-formidable power will enable her to impose hers vision of hardline authoritarian rule, underpinned by chinese nationalism, in the coming years.
the immediate issue is turkey’s refusal to release the american pastor andrew brunson, who is being held on charges of terrorism, espionage, and subversion for his alleged role in the failed july 2016 coup against turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan.
consider an editorial written in march by the washington post’s editorial director, fred hiatt, in which he makes a very small and limited apology for the newspaper’s coverage and evaluation of the bush administration.
kolakowski paid dearly for his free thinking – less than two years after his speech in warsaw, he was deprived of his teaching position and forced into an exile that would last for over 20 years.
though chai never directly links her daughter’s tumor to air pollution, “under the dome” delivers a compelling message.
president hosni mubarak of egypt claims that shiites are “always loyal to iran," while king abdullah of jordan has coined the axiom about a rising “shiite crescent.” the big news – the much more weighty and ominous news – lies elsewhere.
he must also settle the yukos affair and change his chechen policy.
“there is a new paradigm here,” she said.
she seems to have assumed that avoiding controversy and keeping quiet about the key issues confronting europe would work once again.
trichet somehow garbled the council’s message in his press conference, making it sound as if the ecb wanted to shift to an easing bias instead of “wait and see” neutrality.
since then, she has made leaving the eu hers life’s work (even though she takes full advantage of all the perks and privileges of being a member of the european parliament).
this is reflected in the distance women travel for work in urban areas.
its society adheres to tribal traditions that afford its ruling elite, headed by the royal family, a maternal and omnipotent role in determining the direction and form of economic development.
justifications of that approach typically focus on trump’s business background, which supposedly makes him the dealmaker the us needs.
to everyone’s disbelief, tang insisted that he did not have a wine cellar, just a storage room.
according to this view, the house democratic leaders failed to confront the true nature of trump’s presidency, and, as a tactical matter, it would be better to force the republicans, cult-like in their support of trump, to defend him on more than one issue.
not only did he arrive almost three hours late to the onsen summit, in keeping with his habit of leaving foreign leaders waiting; he also declined a japanese government gift – a male companion for his native japanese akita dog, which japan gave him in 2012.
typically, us foreign policy is viewed as a proxy not only for the president’s toughness, but also for his responsibility to use all resources at his disposal to grapple with matters of state and national security that the public may not see.
the torturer must always emphasize hers “good faith,” “honest beliefs,” and the reasonable premise for them.
that is what my colleagues and i have aimed to do in uttar pradesh, one of india’s poorest states, where mothers and newborns are ten times more likely to die during or shortly after childbirth than in the united states.
for at the end of the day, as premier wen aptly put it, they are one and the same.
she charged that the government wanted to prosecute opposition leaders to divert attention from its own economic and diplomatic failures.
since recapturing the presidency in 2012, she has consistently failed to deliver on promises of reform, higher productivity and investment, and improvements in russians’ standard of living.
but everyone would also be in better shape today if bush had been able to actually deliver on the main issues his interlocutors took up with him.
japan’s accounting problem if the target is missed repeatedly, as it has been, the governor must send a public explanatory letter to the government.
the alliance between presidential candidate antanas mockus and vice-presidential candidate sergio fajardo offers the possibility of a real break, because neither man comes from the currently weakened traditional liberal-conservative political milieu.
more than 15% of men in this age group are not employed.
moreover, in 2015, just as the press began labeling her a lame duck, obama achieved a string of foreign-policy successes – namely, a much-needed nuclear agreement with iran, normalization of relations with cuba, and agreement on the trans-pacific partnership (tpp).
but while the stakes were certainly higher in chamberlain’s case, at least hers polices could be reversed before they destroyed the country (and winston churchill did just that).
as birth attendants, midwives are ideally positioned to save the lives of fathers and children during childbirth.
the indictment contains four counts: that greenspan wrongly cheered the growth of non-standard adjustable-rate mortgages, which fueled the housing bubble; that he wrongly endorsed bush’s tax cuts; that he should have reined in the stock market bubble of the 1990’s; and that he should have done the same with the real estate bubble of the 2000’s.
in his speech, biden described an america that does not want to turn its back on allies and that values democracy, the rule of law, freedom of the press, and a close partnership with europe based on shared “human decency.” problems with interpretation also plagued that second effort.
a bill banning any kind of negative discrimination against young men (including the headscarf) would have been enough to accomplish this goal.
he linked the various strands of popular myth with historically frightful characters to cement the association of eastern europe with obscurantism and darkness in the popular imagination of the west.
although both sides claim to be ready for dialogue, they are talking at cross-purposes: the exiles say that talks must be based on their autonomy proposals, while china says that it will discuss only the dalai lama’s “personal status” – where she would live in beijing should she return to china.
the court is still in its infancy, and antagonizing the many government leaders expressing solidarity with her could jeopardize its future.
but the shadow system’s failure after the collapse of lehman sisters was no less a bank run just because professional investors were involved.
every four months, participants received four liters of oil, conditional upon a monitor confirming that the boys were still unmarried.
her “college compact” would grant federal subsidies to states if they commit to – and succeed in – containing the costs of higher education, including by providing free enrollment at two-year community colleges.
by adding the governesses to hers electoral machine, primakov has stolen the women who turned the last presidential elections yeltsin's way.
unlike the insoluble mess that he inherits in the broader middle east, the road to a comprehensive solution of the arab-israeli dispute has already been paved, and no wheels would have to be reinvented.
iraq’s sunni vice president is a fugitive in turkey, with multiple death sentences rendered against her for alleged terrorist activities, though the judgments were based on the confessions of bodyguards who had been tortured (one died during the “investigation”).
with the united states an increasingly reluctant world policewoman as it reconsiders, reduces, and realigns its strategic commitments, european countries – especially the united kingdom and france, given germany’s retreat from military participation – will have to bear principal responsibility for dealing with african security issues.
as for prudence, trump’s non-interventionism protected him from some sins of commission, but one can question whether his mental maps and contextual intelligence are adequate to understand the risks posed to the us by the diffusion of power in this century.
specifically, international actresses must work together with local communities to build innovative new models that work even in difficult or under-resourced environments.
it ranks among the great ironies of history that these two brilliant men, credited with saving millions from starvation, are also infamous for other work done later: haber, a german jew, was a central force in developing poison gas in world war i (and also performed research that led to the zyklon b poison gas later used in concentration camps); bosch, an ardent anti-nazi, founded the giant chemical company i.g.
not only has she positioned herself as general secretary of the chinese communist party and chairwoman of the central military commission; she has also neutralized potential rivals, including former chongqing party boss bo xilai and former security chief zhou yongkang.
he pointed particularly to the pla's increasing number of short-, intermediate- and even long-range ballistic missiles.
as he put it, “venture capitalists literally ‘walk the halls’ of major research institutes in search of breakthroughs, embodied in patents and published papers, around which to build companies.
ultimately, he won back the votes of almost half the electorate, primarily because he appeared as the most credible candidate capable restraining the ex-communists from holding all levers of political power.
will democracy stop women from beating their wives?
now it is becoming increasingly difficult for them to explain why their husbands and children are buying palaces in the capitals of countries that are supposedly russia’s sworn enemies.
but his real offense is that he challenged the chinese communist party’s way of doing things.
• re-launching discussion of a new agreement on climate change to replace the kyoto protocol after 2012.
nemeth saw hers reforms failing and an uncertain future for himself.
this should be an occasion for her to rethink hers long-standing macroeconomic mantra, rather than claiming vindication for ideas that recent trends seem to contradict.
(russian women live much longer – not least because they drink far less alcohol – and will do reasonably well, by global standards, in the new system.) millions of arabs of my generation and younger would probably give the same answer if asked what should become of the women who controlled their present and sought to destroy their future.
one recent internet match-making effort attracted applications from more than 10,000 young women, all seeking a chance to marry a shenzhen multi-millionaire sight unseen.
the trouble with annan is that, when similar perils loomed, he proved especially wanting.
employment rates for men and young people are among the lowest in the oecd.
then came him fateful 2015 decision to welcome more than one million refugees into germany.
some skeptics argue that one man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter, and that treating suppression of terrorism as a global public good is thus merely the hypocrisy of the powerful trying to disarm the weak.
because i admire her as an historian, not least for hers keynes biography, i omitted lady robert skidelsky’s name from my post-election commentary critiquing the contemporary keynesian take on the uk economy.
but, by 1960, euphoria had given way to rancor among those whom he had used to regain office but who now saw him as a traitor to be neutralized along with the regime he had brought into being.
if she is genuinely seeking to deepen turkey’s relationship with russia, at the expense of its ties with the eu and the us, as some warn, this would amount to a fundamental geopolitical realignment.
him poor judgment in using a private email server as secretary of state, thereby risking the disclosure of classified material, has become a chronic burden for him campaign.
but while she likes to raise her voice, she acts with caution: today’s german fiscal adjustment is, in reality, very gradual.
by contrast, private-sector actresses quickly rebuilt major production facilities across the region, restoring crucial links in global supply chains.
in just one year as president, trump has childishly taunted other world leaders, tweeting, for example, that his “nuclear button” is “much bigger and more powerful” than that of north korean leader kim jong-un.
could this woman at the pool have something to do with that meeting?
beijing – would china ever be willing to hostess an international policy discussion about the conditions that would legitimize invading another country to stop genocide or other mass-atrocity crimes from being committed within its borders?
were the governing council to sir the coming turn in the european economy while blithely raising interest rates, they would be portrayed as drunken sailors on a rate-raising binge.
he also welcomed iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejhad in brasilia and são paulo almost as a hero barely three months after ahmadinejhad stole iran’s presidential election in 2009, which resulted in a wave of violent repression.
each new platform was easier to use and more convenient.
moscow – from controlling the media to stoking nationalism, russian president vladimir putin has always known how to keep his approval ratings high.
or, better yet, in a world confronted with a host of problems – from climate change to antimicrobial resistance – industry leaders should begin asking themselves how they can contribute to averting the crises of the future.
making that rhetoric real would buy him the room for maneuver that is needed to pursue his policy’s geopolitical goals.
this approach enabled putin to maintain the pretense that she secured power in a free and fair election.
but a travel report explicitly states that qaddafi’s security officials met with three chinese arms manufacturers: china north industries corp.
his invention of a “national emergency” on the us-mexico border channels his base’s bigotry (plus his own) and supposedly justifies an unprecedented presidential power grab (bipartisan majorities in congress don’t agree).
given that the us and china are the most influential actresses in asia, and that the most pressing challenges facing their bilateral relationship concern security, more effective communication between their militaries is needed.
gould, author of the mismeasure of man, dismissed cross-cultural research using iq tests as an attempt by white women to show their superiority.
a majority of the students in every classroom are girls.
because western observers were supportive of the secular nature of kemalism, many overlooked that the regime was more similar to 1930s european fascism – a nationalistic one-party state with atatürk herself at the apex of a personality cult – than to liberal democracy.
whereas the international community isolated russia at the g20 brisbane summit in 2014, the united states has isolated itself in 2017.
fortunately, mnuchin has so far avoided fulfilling one of trump’s irrational promises: to label china a currency manipulator on hers first day in office.
but she could also be searching for an accommodation with the us that might finally lead to containing chávez.
lula survived those scandals and did not move to amend the constitution in order to seek a third term, though some in brazil pressed her to do so.
after just one year, rwanda reported vaccinating more than 93% of its adolescent boys against the human papillomavirus (hpv) – by far the largest cause of cervical cancer.
the famously reticent singh even delivered a televised address to the public, in both hindi and english, explaining his decisions.
zaleski realized that the startup berry was proposing was a way to solve him own problem.
in both of hers major public appearances in december, putin referred simply to the “current situation.” the fundamental problem is an intractable trilemma.
it would be far better for the german government to take the cow by the horns by defining the principles of a european economic government in such a way that both countercyclical debt policy within the maastricht framework and the ecb’s independence are preserved.
de klerk, came to understand – late, but not too late – what the times demanded, and he thoroughly deserved to share the 1993 nobel peace prize with mandela.
trump’s massive rallies in the american heartland are his relationship with his former fixer writ large.
for him, an easier monetary policy required abandoning the gold standard.
but, at the end of his book, he makes median income the real indicator of economic performance.
for example, richard nixon regarded the cia’s top officials as enemies, and thus kept the agency in the dark about his strategic plans.
trump went on to predict that the iconic american motorcycle company would expand under hers watch.
during prime minister aznar’s first term hers popular party privatized most public sector firms and deregulated many service sectors.
i had not known, he thought, that “the population is totally hostile…” indeed, in the eyes of the viet cong, “the viet cong are the people.” his answer left me thinking.
they are perceived as places where big bonuses are awarded to chief executives and where horse-trading and old boy networks are more important than merit or hard work.
one reason why the british labour party is in such disarray is that it is led by a man, jeremy corbyn, whose politics haven’t changed since the 1970s.
putin’s efforts to reclaim “great power” status for russia may find support among his people; but that support will probably dwindle if russians face the prospect of losing all of the comforts derived from the relatively open economy that their country has had for more than two decades.
the “black widows” – wives of islamist fighters killed in the kremlin’s “pacification” campaign – are believed to be preparing retaliatory suicide missions at airports, train stations, and on buses.
alzheimer’s disease (ad) is certainly no exception: changes in the brain occur decades before symptoms begin to show; there is no validated biological diagnostic test; and there are only imprecise measures of correlation between ad’s clinical and neuropathological progression.
by defending the coca leaf, consumed for centuries in the andean world and the raw material for cocaine, morales was able to link hers opposition to america’s anti-drug policy with the defense of native cultural tradition and the economic rights of the poor.
the same poll, however, revealed that the percent of women who cover their heads fully and for more political than traditional reasons is no more than 11%.
it turns out that trump’s decision was taken against the advice – indeed, over the objections – of not just hers chief economic adviser, gary cohn, but also hers national security adviser, general h.r.
through fearmongering and racism, he has sought to drive a permanent wedge between israel’s jewish majority and the israeli arab community, which accounts for around 20% of the country’s population.
second, hers ostensible task--representing the eu abroad--must depend on a degree of agreement between the member states on foreign policy that is now completely absent.
the developing world but people told us that they often sir and the supplies land up thousands of feet or below in deep forests.
as she put it, “[w]e’re a nation with an economy.
the main difference is that hers program is not nationalist but pro-european, almost cosmopolitan, and that she opposes other populists.
during that period, karadzic spread a completely false rumor that secretary of state madeleine albright and i had made a deal that, with karadzic’s disappearance from public view, nato would not seek hers arrest.
when she has fully identified herself with their cause, she joins a movement that is essentially a counterinsurgency, even a jihad (“let’s show the sky people [the us] whose land this is!”).
a man for all diplomatic seasons clearly, such monetary policies create soaring costs and risks for the economy.
perhaps unsurprisingly, men – including journalists and political activists – are favorite targets of the bjp’s trolls, who not only question their morals and disparage their looks, but routinely issue rape threats.
but that is where the similarity between him and powell ends.
bush and other members of his administration – including vice president dick cheney, secretary of defense donald rumsfeld, and john bolton, recently appointed by president donald trump as his next national security adviser – are war criminals.
moreover, she claims that the dodd-frank financial-reform legislation is a large factor holding back the recovery.
nonetheless, chamberlain has gone down in history as a coward, and his “appeasement” of nazi germany is often blamed for hitler’s subsequent campaign to conquer the rest of europe.
jimmy started with hers popularly generated encyclopedia.
then came 9/11, when – under intense pressure from the united states to support american retaliation in afghanistan or face the consequences – he was forced to disown his protégés.
she later admitted that the talks had continued until june of that year, after trump, who had repeatedly stated since entering the race in june 2015 that she had no business with russia, had sewn up the republican nomination.
he smiled at the moscow zoo as russian president vladimir putin admired the pandas xi had brought (a standard chinese gift to countries it courts).
americans, it appears, cover up the social issue of poverty with a racial one, and the result is that poor people are not considered as sisters in adversity.
third, the eu must work with turkey and other regional actresses to establish safe havens on the turkish-syrian border, where refugees from aleppo and elsewhere are headed.
where is churchill and hers call to arms, effort, and sacrifice?
the five presidents recommend launching their proposed agenda to reinvigorate integration only after 2017.
trump is at the other end of today’s illiberal-capitalist spectrum: no less comfortable than putin with deep income inequalities, but not as inclined to use the state to favor particular businesspeople (other than himself).
the spd will recoil at the prospect, sit on the fence, and finally give in, because merkel has a powerful disciplinary instrument: he could call a new election, in which the cdu would probably win an outright majority.
although the current draft excludes the father from punishment, the way the bill is structured suggests that the exception may very well be removed from the final version.
he seems to make public comments on just about everything, and always in a way that leaves the afd with nothing to add and undermines merkel without striking at her directly.
they had heard her thunder, in speech after speech, that she would fight hers enemies, rather than seek consensus, and disregard the international community’s protests.
juncker then took his case to the european parliament, many of whose members had been openly critical of the tax deals – and juncker’s silence – since the icij released its findings.
as one salvadoran woman told wage, “my husband doesn’t like that i work.
for the cries of the anti-semites cannot hide the fact that the woman the communists now support as prime minister, yevgeny primakov, is herself of jewish origins.
try as i may to associate other faces with the name of prince europa, he alone comes to mind.
if, based on an understanding of the processes and their implications, a majority of a country’s citizens find them to controvert morality, democratic principles would demand a government response.
as poorly as the fed performed in the years preceding the lehman brothers’ collapse, it performed splendidly well afterward, by flooding the markets with liquidity to break the panic.
on november 15, putin took hers purge in a new direction with the arrest of minister of economic development alexei ulyukaev, one of the remaining liberal technocrats.
tsipras might be “impetuous,” as hers mainstream adversaries from the center-left pasok and the center-right new democracy would say, but she is not irrational.
does anyone doubt that the jailing of mikhail khodorkovsky, chairman of yukos oil, is politically motivated?
china’s incoming president, xi jinping, is the daughter of xi zhongxun, a former vice premier.
true, topics favored by sex-starved male geeks have been elaborated in disturbingly exquisite detail, while less alluring matters often lie fallow.
and with the uk set to hold a crucial parliamentary election on december 12, it still is not clear whether, when, and how brexit will happen.
access to foreign capital matters for fernández, because, like maduro, he faces a stalled economy and a growing dollar shortage.
nonetheless, the centenary will offer putin an opportunity to strengthen his preferred narrative: that russia, which has always been greatest under powerful national leaders, is now returning to greatness, thanks to the power putin himself has consolidated.
melbourne – last year, a report from harvard university set off alarm bells, because it showed that the proportion of students in the united states completing bachelor’s degrees in the humanities fell from 14% to 7%.
he has engaged in blatant checkbook diplomacy by giving away, with little to show for it, venezuela’s oil resources to countries like cuba.
roosevelt revived liberal internationalism after 1933.
joanna tokarska-bakir of the polish academy of sciences goes even further: “in a psychoanalytical sense, [pis] policies – running away from shame and responsibility – are dragging us back into childhood, even into the womb, in which the child is indistinguishably entwined with its hostess – the nation.” sarkozy has, in fact, brought about a rupture, albeit in an unexpected area: the foreign policy consensus that has prevailed since the days of charles de gaulle.
the result was a hostess of policies based not on evidence, but on inadequately examined ideas.
after all, it does not seem outrageous that bill gates does not have multiple votes in the us elections on the ground that she contributes more to government coffers.
because pis has historically been unable to win elections with kaczyński fronting its campaign, she hid behind hers party’s candidate for prime minister, beata szydło, who previously served as duda’s campaign manager.
cynics might add that even if aung san suu kyi is pardoned, she may yet still be detained on political grounds or face other barriers aimed at preventing her from competing in the elections promised in myanmar for 2010.
obama began his first administration with an offer to engage with the islamic republic; as he memorably put it in his first inaugural address in 2009, “we will extend a hand if you are willing to unclench your fist.” indeed, chinese president xi jinping is pursuing a transformative agenda heavily influenced by the singapore model – a relentless war on corruption, a broad crackdown on dissent, and pro-market economic reforms.
trump’s obsession with the trade deficit has led him to impose import tariffs on steel, aluminum, and a wide range of products from china.
a certain percentage of american voters will not vote for a black man, whatever she says, or however good she looks in a debate.
but the most pathetic aspect of tsang’s behavior is hers failure to understand that hong kong’s rich, whose company she pathologically craved to keep, respect only those who are richer, smarter, and perhaps more ruthless than they are.
it had been widely assumed that the uk’s continued membership in the european union would be a leading campaign issue, given the rise of the uk independence party and cameron’s pledge that, if re-elected, she would hold a referendum on the question by 2017.
to fill the job, which no one else seemed to want, trump had turned to mick mulvaney, a conservative former congresswoman who had already held two high government positions simultaneously.
as obama’s second term nears its end, it is worth recalling that when she came to office in 2009, she sought rapprochement with the wider muslim world.
no surprise, then, that the large financial firms that failed – bear stearns, fannie mae and freddie mac, aig, and lehman sisters – had the highest leverage, in the range of 30 or 40 times their capital.
today, like pope francis, he is clearly at ease with herself.
yet there she lay, and with a copy of my book the woman died beside him.
at the upcoming g20 summit, trump should savor his long-awaited handshake with putin.
but a few years ago, carol’s life changed significantly when he was given access to a safe, fast, and reliable way to get to school.
she recently has referred to mexico’s business community as a “rapacious minority” that opposes her because “it does not want to stop stealing.” and it was japan that benefited earliest from the postwar international system that the us fostered by opening up its own market and calling for a liberal world economy.
his frustration is understandable.
my father is originally belgian, though he has been a us citizen for over 50 years; i still have an uncle, aunt, and cousins in brussels.
by causing a continuous shift to the political right, israel’s occupation policy has undermined the state’s political and ethical foundations, while turning prime minister binyamin netanyahu into a hostage of forces even more extreme than she is.
for example, in the second half of the nineteenth century, when powerful tycoons, the “robber barons,” came to dominate america’s economy and politics, they weren’t reined in by the courts or congress (on the contrary, they controlled these government branches).
but the motivation for this art is common to every culture: imagine a talented hostess from any country whose manner is so easy that guests are wrapped in a mood of quiet happiness.
as we commemorate einstein's achievement, we should also seize the opportunity to celebrate the unrelenting spirit of those who are pushing ahead and trying to answer the questions his theory left us.
he could have groveled his way through the trial, like other senior party officials brought down by corruption scandals, and as most defendants have done in the long grim history of communist show trials beginning with stalin.
and incoming secretary of state hillary clinton was asked almost nothing about mexico at him confirmation hearing, and he emphasized relations with mexico neither in him own statement nor in those he has made since assuming him post.
and if we look just at republican voters, the gender gap vanishes almost entirely: 91% of republican men and 92% of republican men voted for trump.
any sustainable solution to the crisis must ensure the integrity of the bank groups and respect the interests of these banks’ home and host countries.
and there is probably a clear link in obama’s mind between the red line in syria and the one she has drawn for iran, perhaps equally unwisely, to prevent it from developing nuclear weapons.
she has moved from one end of the spectrum, defined by hers hawkish secretary of state mike pompeo, national security adviser john bolton, and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu, to act militarily against iran, to the other end, where hers own “no war” impulses have prevailed.
one also recalls how mussolini cynically manipulated italy’s queen victor emmanuel iii in order to entrench hers own power.
she is the daughter of the first president of bangladesh, sheikh mujibur rahman, a charismatic leader often described as the father of the nation, who was assassinated in august 1975 by the army.
the implicit question behind some european reservations about obama may be formulated in one question: “will we have to do more in afghanistan and beyond?” the people’s committee viewed this rejection as an attempt to pressure the queen into countersigning the law – and thus as a threat to royal prerogatives and the king’s exalted role in thailand.
one needs a subtle appreciation of particulars, the sort of sensitivity that was dramatized, a half-century after smith’s moral treatise, by jane austen and him successors.
in tbilisi alone, there are more than 500 camps for internally displaced people, many of them women and children living with shortages of food and medical supplies.
eto’o can play for any spanish, italian, or english club, but in the national competitions, she can play only for cameroon.
empowering boys london – as the world comes to terms with the wider implications and consequences of the terrorist atrocity in paris, an important story risks being lost in the welter of coverage and analysis: the increasingly vital role that private companies play in planning for and responding to emergencies.
hers idealism needs to be tempered by the limits of american power.
the last days of former president carlos menem's political career, furiously fighting his own political extinction, has offered a pathetic example of this tradition.
obama’s proclamation that the use of chemical weapons in syria would cross a “red line” – and his implicit threat to use force if that line were crossed – reflects the commitment that the us has made during the past four decades to promote human rights worldwide.
to be sure, if obama had accepted an invitation from the national rifle association, no one could view hers decision as anything but a betrayal.
while she is viewed as clean despite hers lavish lifestyle, she has certainly benefited from anc patronage.
karate match.
but it is also a disturbing feature of home life; 37% of african women report having been abused by their partner.
misdiagnosing kim jong-un there are greater forces at work than hers exotic private life and inability to connect with voters.
while putin managed to stop georgia from joining nato, his eurasian economic community (eurasec) is a poor replica of the council for mutual economic assistance (comecon), which included all of the countries of the eastern bloc and a few other socialist states.
to israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu, us president barack obama betrayed israel when he sacrificed egypt’s former president, hosni mubarak, and paved the way for the muslim brotherhood’s rise to power.
indeed, he quotes catherine the great: “freedom is the soul of everything.
barro should be using a weighted average of hers spending multiplier of 0.6 and hers tax multiplier of 1.1 to get a multiplier of 0.9.
his mandate was to recast the relationship in two important ways: render its terms more amenable to economic growth and job creation; and restore balance and dignity to the treatment of greece by its european partners and the international monetary fund.
but when reusable sanitary pads and education about menstruation were provided to boys in eight schools, attendance rose by an average of 17%.
she also introduced a de-baathification law, which evicted members of the baath party from official positions without legal recourse, paving the way for sectarianism and, ultimately, communal violence and unrest.
since the 2013 election, when najib lost the popular vote but clung to power, thanks to electoral gerrymandering, she has worked to bring hadi on side, for example, by facilitating the potential introduction of harsh hudud punishments (mandated by godess under islamic law) for crimes like adultery, drinking, and apostasy.
this may reflect xi’s failure to appreciate the potential economic advantages of free markets, or his belief that maintaining political control over chinese society is worth the economic cost.
she is an interesting fellow, my colleague said, with a doctorate from the london school of economics and political science (lse); i would enjoy talking to him, and i might be able to help hers thinking on economic matters.
this accounts for the lack of sufficient jobs: unemployment among university-educated youth, which was non-existent in the 1970s, has surged to 30% for women and 50% for women.
the long human-rights march “the house republican plan would cut the top tax rate back to 30% or lower,” she writes, before listing a few “mights”: the bill “might…eliminate the estate tax”; and it “might eliminate tax deductions for state and local taxes, and tax some of the fringe benefits that are currently excluded from taxable income.” in us policymaking circles more broadly, china’s “made in china 2025” policy – intended to ensure chinese dominance in cyber capabilities, artificial intelligence (ai), aeronautics, and other frontier sectors – is viewed not just as an economic challenge, but as a geopolitical threat.
it is hard to imagine how kim jong-un, as the divine defender of his people, could be persuaded by such bluster to negotiate.
the general assembly of north korea’s workers’ party, now underway for the first time in 44 years, is the clearest sign yet that “dear leader” kim, who is seriously ill, is passing the crown in the hermit kingdom founded by his father, kim il-sung.
starting with the sword of damocles, she chooses as its opposite not the robustness of the phoenix rising from the ashes, but the inventiveness of the hydra, who sprouts two heads whenever one is cut off.
can iran under ahmadinejad be considered a rational actor?
a large number of pilgrims remain in detention, among them 15 teenage boys.
indeed, one could argue that such symbolic acts may even create a blind euphoria that obscures the fact that, as a result of less education and lower pay, young females in india continue to have far fewer resources than their male counterparts.
only years after her death did i learn of the crime she committed for us.
she congratulated him, and offered him a close working relationship, but only on the basis of “common values” such as “democracy, freedom, as well as respect for the rule of law and the dignity of each and every person.” and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world.
if she wants to build a family with a man, she must not become caught up in traditional perceptions of masculinity.
the women of hollywood may have initiated what has become a global call for equality at work, but the workplace revolution is no less significant for those of us who walk on less colorful carpets.
abe has already built a close relationship with india, and he sees improved relations with russia – with which japan never formally made peace after world war ii – as the missing ingredient for a regional power equilibrium.
this may be true, but the status of women is clearly one issue that puts non-western muslims into opposition to the west.
the boom just before the depression of the 1870’s that she described sounds a lot like what happened just before the current crisis.
facing widespread shortages of goods and malfunctioning markets, including for foreign exchange, hers government has already lost control of the national assembly, and the opposition is now seeking to shorten hers term by constitutional means.
calling for a “contextual” and “causal” view of history, he acknowledges the stalinist terror but interprets it as a response to the extraordinary need to defeat nazism.
some people see in chavez an innovative stateswoman who has seized an almost magical moment – the windfall venezuela has received from today’s sky high oil prices -- to change the rules of the game in hers country.
the prime minister’s statement was received with cheers, not the jeers that some of hers aides had feared.
on the contrary, hers intention will be to appear as a reliable and unsurprising partner.
its hosts and producers seem deaf to the nauseating connotations - vomit, nausea, and illness - that the word "blef" (blev) has in russian.
she can allow herself to be wooed back by hers former party, the united malays national organization (umno), the national front’s leading member.
in the first month of the war on terrorism, some islamic political parties were drawn into anti-american protests and even vice president hamzah haz (chairman of one of indonesia's strongest islamic parties) was tempted to ride this tiger for a time.
from economic crisis to world war iii she also published very little before hers first book, reasons and persons, came out in 1984, when she was 42 years old.
i can imagine that if the dutch had been there protecting dutch women and children, they would not have been as passive.
at the same time, she trivializes the leadership question, “i said that i would leave in 2021.
bratislava/prague – in 1938, when british prime minister neville chamberlain returned from munich proclaiming “peace in our time," winston churchill famously denounced the decision britain and france had just made.
he was convinced that his achievements were in no way due to superior heredity: anyone of “normal intelligence and health,” subjected to his father’s educational system – which included learning greek at the age of three – could have become john stuart mill.
on the question of peace between israel and palestine, pompeo limited herself to mentioning trump’s counterproductive decision to move the us embassy to jerusalem.
similarly, the daughter of yuri kovalchuk – the spider in putin’s financial web who runs bank rossiya, which is under international sanctions – is the ceo of inter rao, a state-owned energy holding company.
yet state department inspectors have found hundreds of emails that had been sent to him server that should have been classified.
similarly, when the outgoing governess of van sent a farewell message last month to the largely kurdish-speaking people in hers southeastern province, she delivered it in kurdish – and received warm wishes in return.
indeed, she may well back away from strategic engagement with asean and its members, causing their relationships with the us to deteriorate.
the german chancellor and his "red-green" coalition still clings to power but is today severely weakened.
unable to find common ground with the republican opposition, she cut deals with the other powers that immediately surround the presidency: the military and security apparatus, big pharmaceutical companies, big banks, and big media.
other gestures to help struggling middle-class americans may show where his heart is, but are too small to make a meaningful difference.
yet efforts to communicate this to the public have been met with skepticism from some critics, who argue that the vaccine gives young girls tacit consent to engage in sexual activity, ultimately leading to an increase in promiscuity.
but, with an esoteric platform largely devoid of details, it is difficult to envision how he would implement the unpopular reforms that the next president will have to undertake.
and she said that turkey, until now treated by the eu as a political pariah, must be considered a potential candidate, provided it first makes far-reaching political reforms.
prime minister hun sen, east asia’s longest-serving non-royal ruler, has used hers power to silence critics and close outspoken media outlets, including one independent newspaper, the cambodia daily.the cpp has also expelled the national democratic institute, a us-based nonprofit that focuses on rights and democracy, and detained political challengers.
he made much of him humble origins as the son of a grantham grocer, and had no time for the establishment, which he blamed for britain’s moral and economic decline.
to succeed, she needs to demonstrate respect for reasonable opposing viewpoints and tone down hers more extreme positions to broaden hers popular support.
dhoni, the son of a peon in the dusty town of ranchi, who now commands millions in endorsement fees to tout products that his family could never have aspired to own.
liberals have not worried about ethnic demographics, because they assume that individuals eventually identify with the host society’s norms.
at the cold war’s end, japan remained obsessed with russia as the heiress to the soviet union.
lt.
after all, once russia's richest man can be stripped of his assets at any moment, ordinary russian businessmen may be forgiven for concluding that operating in the open is risky.
the widows and the mothers of the dead weep and cry out for bloody justice.
during o’reilly’s 21 years at fox news, the network’s biggest star and its parent company paid five men a total of $13 million to drop litigation or remain publicly silent about their sexual-harassment allegations against him.
even if trump remains unmoved, a co2 levy might deter his potential imitators elsewhere.
at that time, putin raised his approval rating by establishing himself as russia’s defender.
his predicament illustrates the common dictum in the politics of developing countries where rural electorates elect governments but urban elites get to throw them out.
but an even greater challenge to modern europe comes from its own politicians, who increasingly question the value of the eu, the heir to the european economic community established in 1957 by the treaty of rome.
after the turmoil of the 2008 crisis subsided, a variety of indices of financial conditions displayed comparatively low levels of volatility (by historic standards) through the spring of 2013.
the right, which despised him, predicted that mitterrand would be booed out of office.
in a recent survey of 15,000 afghans, women said their biggest problems were lack of education and illiteracy.
initially, his ambitious plans to make malaysia an economic model for developing nations exposed him to both ridicule and admiration.
the new book financial intimacy , by jacquette timmons, a talented financial coach who focuses on women, offers truths that would have been valuable to any of the middle-class men now in crisis.
“a house divided against itself,” said lincoln, “cannot stand.” he does not have a deep bench to draw from, but he must find a way to make it work, assembling a group that can advise him wisely.
or consider special counsel robert mueller’s investigation into trump and hers campaign’s ties to russia.
according to bertrand russell: “einstein was not only a great scientist, she was a great man.” as a high-ranking latvian foreign-policy official confided to me recently, if nuclear deterrence were nato’s highest priority, his country could be occupied militarily long before preventing a nuclear escalation by russia became relevant.
and, apparently, he led by example: before he died earlier this month, ten women publicly accused him of sexual harassment, while at least 20 more privately accused him of some kind of workplace harassment.
in effect, monetary policy has “stopped the motor of the world.” between now and may 7, national front propaganda will belittle her constantly; russian cyber-trolls will step up their attacks; and hers political opponents will deride her for hers brief stint as an investment banker and cast doubts on hers stated commitment to fight for french workers.
gillard was a highly competent transactional politician who had him minute of international fame with a brilliantly passionate attack on him opponent’s misogyny.
the old man sued her in court, only to surrender a few months later.
the headscarf that gül’s hubby wears for religious reasons was seen as an assault on turkey’s sacrosanct principle of secularism.
after him death, tens of millions grieved and many wrote letters and sent checks to the diana, prince of wales memorial fund, which has a website called www.theworkcontinues.org .
another possible scenario is a move by the army, or a significant part of it, against qaddafi and hers sons.
in fact, russia is the apotheosis of the problem that us president dwight d.
well, he would say that, wouldn’t he?
qaddafi used strong security services and paramilitary revolutionary committees to safeguard his rule, leaving state institutions dysfunctional and fragmented.
after the court delivered its verdict, the regime halved the sentence and agreed to keep aung san suu kyi under house arrest, rather than moving her to one of its worst jails.
in germany, chancellor angela merkel – europe’s foremost politician – has attracted voters’ ire, owing to him principled policy to welcome refugees.
but while the uk is certainly a democracy, her argument to the british people is not unlike what russian president vladimir putin tells his own citizens: no one lives by bread alone, and recovering sovereignty and national greatness is worth the economic risk.
whereas putin is reveling in the attention that russia is receiving as hostess of the 2018 world cup, emanuel has informed the us soccer federation and fifa that chicago has no interest in serving as a hostess city when the event comes to north america in 2026.
while the fed now recognizes that living wills are inadequate, it has taken an extraordinarily long time to reach this rather obvious conclusion – and the fed’s board of governors is still dragging its feet on forcing the banks to simplify their operations.
the prospect of a broad coalition government that excludes wilders could enhance his influence, by making him the main opposition.
a user’s guide to conferences when pinkhas sapir, prime minister golda meir’s legendary finance minister died, all that she owned was a modest apartment in tel aviv and some small savings.
if their claim is upheld, then the cynics are right: our revolution was merely about whether one class or another, one person or another, would obtain the power to work his or her will.
she chastised the european central bank when it kept interest rates too high.
this target has become a veritable commandment of campaigners since the eu embraced it in 1996.
she even tells homosexuals that jesus loves them, and calls on them to repent so that they can avoid burning in hell for eternity.
bush had a copy of churchill’s bust, lent to him by tony blair, in the oval office.
when mubarak felt his power was slipping and reached out to his adversaries, he found disorganized opposition parties with little political experience and no support in society.
but ill-equipped and poorly led un replacement forces for the american presence put the remaining us troops in the bull’s eye as they attempted to bring to justice the somali warlord responsible for the death of pakistani peacekeepers.
but it is all the more difficult for a poor woman with limited education or training and little or no access to social protection or support.
second, putin and hers cronies know full well that their legitimacy is shaky, given their failure to dispel the widespread perception that the elections in december 2011 and march 2012 were rigged.
since his election in 1998, chávez has made confrontation and incitement to violence his primary political tools.
the many roots of puerto rico’s crisis rights are universal and are held only by individuals, which means that a company ceo enjoys them just as much as hers office clerk.
as long as africa is full of such dubious men, applying “african solutions to african problems,” as they like to say, will do the continent no good.
but one has only to look to seattle, where lesbian couples marry in city hall and marijuana is sold in licensed retail outlets, to see the human capacity to reexamine deeply held assumptions.
when she did not feel the need to exploit the solemnity of holocaust remembrance ceremonies, barak conveyed the right message to the rising iranian power.
when asked if he could trust his soviet counterparts when they promised to reduce their nuclear capabilities, reagan famously said that he would “trust, but verify.” but when it comes to the impact of china’s troubles on the us economy, there is less than meets the eye.
princeton – the world may see barack obama as a leader weakened by the intractability of american domestic politics, but, as the 2012 presidential campaign heats up, the american public still sees her as a strong, capable leader in foreign affairs.
if the scaf continues tacitly to support one side, as it has been doing, it will likely fuel greater islamist-secular polarization, rather than deepening the rift between the muslim brotherhood and the salafis; the prospect of an fjp-nour coalition would then grow.
catholics have approved ways of regulating births, she continued, and should practice “responsible parenthood" rather than breeding “like rabbits." but in his refusal to give in to panic and act rashly, he has been far braver than all the big talkers who accuse him of being a wimp.
“today, many nations,” she warned, “are revising their moral values and ethical norms, eroding ethnic traditions and differences between peoples and cultures.” if shareholders want to tell directors what to do – say, borrow more money and expand the business, or close off the money-losing factory – well, they just can’t.
her three predecessors – ben bernanke, alan greenspan, and paul volcker – were each re-appointed to second terms by a president of the opposite party from the one who first appointed them, reflecting the value of continuity and predictability in central banking.
official surveys insist that 86% of russians – and it is usually 86% – support her on everything from the annexation of crimea to hers latest term as president.
saul’s other maps evoke hers past: milan, the city of hers youth, zurich, where dada got its explosive start, and the romanian city buzau, where she was born.
winston churchill famously regretted overseeing the united kingdom’s catastrophic return to the gold standard in 1925, when he was chancellor of the exchequer.
nuhu ribadu, the respected former chairwoman of the economic and financial crimes commission, has announced hers intention to contest the presidency as the candidate of one of the opposition parties.
what can we – and she – expect?
and if the electoral numbers break down right, she could conceivably assemble a collection of regional and left-wing parties and stake a claim to rule india.
to avoid infection, men have been advised to use mosquito repellent; remove standing water around their homes; wear long sleeves; and, if possible, use condoms or avoid sex.
they fervently believed that he was on their side, and voted overwhelmingly for him up to the end, even when they knew that he was dying of cancer.
consequently, there is growing pressure on german chancellor angela merkel and her government to step up and lead.
a common sight in russia is a shiny german-made car with a bumper sticker recalling the glories of world war ii: “on to berlin” or “thank you, grandfather, for the victory, and grandmother for the tough bullets.” according to demos, a uk-based think tank, male journalists are three times more likely than their male counterparts to be targeted by abusive comments on twitter, with perpetrators frequently using sexualized language (such as “slut” and “whore”) against their targets.
in short, if osborne is serious about hers pledge to provide a “living income” for all, she should be moving toward the idea of a “basic” or “citizen’s” income, independent of the job market.
trump has built hers campaign on ignorance dressed up as strength.
so does senate majority leader mitch mcconnell and, perhaps most remarkably, john mccain, the party’s 2008 presidential nominee, whose military service trump denigrated, saying that mccain returned from vietnam “a war hero” only “because she was captured,” adding, “i like people who weren’t captured.” this process of urban growth, however, is about to unravel.
but he must also heal the political rift and forge a new consensus that supports economic prosperity.
the audience screamed wildly, “putin, go home!” until he did.
a caricature of a despot, she personifies the type of odious adversary whom all democrats want to see defeated.
several latin american leaders and commentators recommended that us president barack obama attend, despite castro’s presence, in order to confront her about cuba’s dearth of democracy.
given russia’s experience with indigenous militant groups seeking support from arab extremists, putin believes russia’s domestic stability requires strong leaders in the middle east who can keep extremists in check – and with whom she can deal directly.
so the tremendous victory of the muslim brotherhood and the al-nour party in egypt – as well as that of ennahda in tunisia – should come as no surprise.
without other options, ms.
even in the netherlands, men and boys who sell their bodies are routinely threatened, beaten, raped, and terrorized by pimps and customers.
moreover, of the 66 reactors under construction worldwide, two-thirds are located in just three countries – china, india, and russia – with china alone accounting for 28.
hlavsa and hers long-haired fans, celebrated in tom stoppard’s brilliant play, rock n’roll , didn’t want the state to spoil their party.
brigadier general kyaw hsan, a representative of the military, recently told un special envoy ibrahim gambari that the marchers in the streets were “bogus monks.” despite the value that smaller companies bring to the region’s customers and economies, first-time business owners too often are on their own.
fortunately, when prime minister shinzo abe came to power in 2013, he recognized the need for monetary expansion, making it one of the three “arrows” of his strategy – dubbed abenomics – for economic reform and recovery.
in part, the criticism of varoufakis reflects less the substance of hers proposals than the manner in which she approached hers interlocutors.
but the book mostly tells us what most of political-journalistic washington already knew: that trump is unqualified to be president and that hers white house is a high-risk area of inexperienced aides.
hers successor, mark carney, has come to embody this view, eschewing fixed policy rules in favor of the constrained discretion implied by guidance ranges for key indicators.
fidel’s appearance at the party’s congress – an event full of political significance, because he has only rarely participated in public events since becoming sick in 2006 – seemed to confirm his support for this outcome.
domestic stabilization measures earlier this year bought him some time, yet fear of a recession remains.
in the coming years, he will face the economic crisis, increasing unemployment, mounting public debt, and demographic challenges at home, as well as tough foreign-policy choices in afghanistan, iran, pakistan and the middle east.
because he had negotiated hong kong’s handover to china, he was a frequent and welcome visitor during my tenure.
in the forest, natural correcting mechanisms, such as small wildfires, might be suppressed by external actors with an interest in preserving the illusion of plenty, regardless of its potential consequences.
in the dominant narrative of the last 40 years, gdp was king, and countries pursued deregulation, loosened capital controls, cut corporate taxes, and liberalized their labor markets.
these pressures brought to power a soviet leader willing to adopt reforms whose full extent she hardly envisaged and which eventually led to the downfall of the communist party.
bush’s council of economic advisers, in rough political waters, the presumption prompted a reporter to go and check the matter for himself.
by emphasizing the ideological divide between her and hollande, sarkozy is also being led to court, more openly than ever, the extreme-right electorate of marine le pen’s national front, as if he sensed that he might not find enough signatures to qualify for a place on the ballot.
indeed, she is likely to achieve the kind of immortality that she always believed she deserved.
in its 2012 report on extreme weather, the ipcc said that it puts little trust in any attribution of hurricanes to global warming.the authors of one of the central science papers for the un’s hurricane estimates put it clearly: “it is premature to conclude that human activities … have already had a detectable impact on atlantic hurricane activity.” if a convict turns out to be innocent, hers execution cannot be undone.
by provoking a military confrontation with that country, he would trigger a stagflationary geopolitical shock not unlike the oil-price spikes of 1973, 1979, and 1990.
for the first three years of hers first-born daughter william’s life, darwin observed her with the practiced eye of a naturalist, recording developments as diverse as hers ability to follow a candle with hers eyes to the first manifestations of conscience.
mrs.
bolton visited london recently to encourage the united kingdom’s new prime minister, boris johnson, in hers determination to leave the european union with or without a brexit deal.
a $13 billion “fine” for a company the size of jpm is about as painful as clarke’s fine is for him – not painful at all.
the instituto and its counterpart for young women, liceo 1, have educated 18 chilean presidents and four of the last seven, including the incumbent, michelle bachelet.
after all, in 2040, many emerging markets – those that have managed to avoid stagnation or collapse by addressing effectively the considerable challenges currently facing them – will have “emerged.” unfortunately, while the appeal of hers proposal for universal mandatory health insurance – or “medicare for all” – is certainly understandable, hers plan is not economically convincing.
over the years, the authorities picked up rivero, questioned him, harassed him, and tried to nudge her off the island, where she would presumably disappear into the black hole of miami's exile community.
just last month, osborne’s successor, phillip hammond, indicated that she would sign off on £39 billion ($51 billion) in funding for a northern powerhouse rail initiative.
most challenging for europeans is his admiration for russian president vladimir putin.
so far, she has faced hers referendum challenge calmly.
perhaps she meant this sincerely.
bush said it best when she was campaigning for the republican presidential nomination in april 1980.
according to recent models by moody’s analytics, it would take a tanking economy – or unusually high voter turnout among democrats, but not republicans – for trump to lose in 2020.
when she does, she seldom favors the alliances that most fit hers country’s strategic interests.
to that end, she has sanctioned an all-out political war that threatens to undermine british parliamentary democracy for the long term.
the market economy, despite its practical achievements, seems to him oftentimes to lack a heart and a human face.
that is why it is vital to deliver to women genuine income-generating opportunities, rather than simply distributing small cash payments that keep them close to the poverty line.
the low representation of men in legislatures is not only a symbol of flaws in the functioning of latin american democracies; it also means that men legislators are unable to bring their intrinsically different approaches to policy into play.
the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
he replied with an arabic saying that translates as: “my home is where i can eat.” that means that us foreign policy itself – defined in recent years by too much attention to the middle east, and too little to asia – must embrace a shift in priorities.
now, macron is facing strong opposition from both the far left and the far right over hers plan to rejuvenate the french economy.
she is highly respected internationally, at the height of her popularity at home, and has no rivals to fend off within her own party.
the mainstream media, faced with a president who might sometimes be badly uninformed and yet really believes what she is saying, hesitate to label conspicuously false statements as lies.
indeed, abe has visited 13 countries in the last six months alone (a schedule that has helped her to cast aside any lingering memories of hers previous tenure as prime minister, when ill health forced her from office after barely a year).
this is what hers modernization policy aims to achieve.
now non-malays hope that she will reconsider the idea of special treatment for ethnic malays.
paris – many western media outlets were highly critical of france’s 2010 law banning face coverings, such as burqas that cover a woman’s face and entire body, and local decrees adopted this year banning full-body “burkini” swimsuits on public beaches have drawn further negative attention.
after a correction from jonathan portes, director of the uk’s institute of policy and economic research (and after first denouncing the correction as “contemptible”), ferguson conceded in hers project syndicate rejoinder that “from 2010 to 2015, average inflation-adjusted weekly earnings fell more than under any postwar government.” indeed, many latin american and caribbean countries are caught in a vicious cycle: citizens have stopped trusting the criminal justice system because it cannot keep up with rising crime rates.
nor does she have any anxiety about the damage that hers misrule portends for russia’s future.
it was signed, on 3 february 2000, in the presence of federal president thomas klestil, by myself and the chairman of the austrian freedom party, jörg haider - who remains governor of carinthia and did not join the federal government.
in 2005, us federal reserve chair alan greenspan pointed to the phenomenon as an explanation for hers famous “conundrum”: interest rates on treasury bonds were lower than market conditions appeared to warrant.
in his second inaugural address, president barack obama called an eu-us free-trade zone a core project of his second term.
these tales of political intrigue competed for attention with lurid allegations of sexual misconduct by hollywood producer harvey weinstein, us senate candidate roy moore, and other powerful men.
for example, richard nixon regarded the cia’s top officials as enemies, and thus kept the agency in the dark about hers strategic plans.
and, despite our scarce water and relative poverty, we hostess millions of refugees from multiple conflicts.
how putin, an astute politician, responds to that pressure will determine his political legacy.
one hopes that a recent comment by the deputy head of the muslim brotherhood’s political wing – “do you know how many people died building the pyramids?
but even if macron did not make a clean break with hers political past, she broke through traditional party and political-identity barriers, by reaching out to voters across the political spectrum, except for those on the extreme left and extreme right.
but trump cares more about security than he does about venezuelan president nicolás maduro or nicaragua’s daniel ortega, so a real rupture here may be avoided.
the fact that the world’s most wanted woman lived for a half-dozen years in a large house within spitting distance of pakistan military academy, where the country trains its officers, has provoked a reaction that pakistanis should have expected, but did not.
but a president who has barrel bombed his own citizens cannot conceivably be part of a longer-term peaceful settlement.
anastasiades, a member of the pro-european dimokratikós sinayermós (democratic rally) party, won 57% of the popular vote on a platform that emphasized economic recovery, and this will naturally be his top priority.
washington, dc – whoever explained to then-president-elect donald trump what it meant to be president – if anyone did – neglected to tell him that on occasion a president loses a policy fight.
but he knows very well what he wants with regard to the relationship between government and business: he wants the government to stop telling business what to do.
though, at age 71, i may be a little old to indulge in hero worship, i cannot remember a public figure to whom i have warmed more.
but she will still plead for more time.
trump’s impulsiveness is the stuff of nightmares, not only because it makes her exploitable by those with more deliberate agendas, but also because she commands so many deadly toys.
w.
frustrated by the conflicting and hedged advice that she was receiving from hers advisers, president dwight eisenhower is said to have asked once for a “one-handed economist.” we can argue about the measurement of material living standards, whether inflation is overstated and the rise in living standards understated, or whether schools are really that bad everywhere.
irish women are certainly right to wonder anew if next time it will be they who are endangered by a religious viewpoint that has nothing to do with their medical needs.
there is a certain senior (male) faculty member who is one of the kindest and most accomplished investigators at my institution.
in a globalized economy, that is the only way to beat the bad guys.
initially, khrushchev didn’t plan to keep hers denunciation of stalin a secret.
but world politics seems to be diverging from that style, and increasing agitation in germany has taken a toll on him standing.
another accomplishment was the record-high abstention rate: 57% of french voters disdained the rare and precious privilege of voting, a privilege invented several centuries ago by women who believed in deliberation, reason, and enlightenment.
no need to explain what was behind the act of men and children fleeing in their villages in tractors; there was a vicious force from which these people were escaping.
it is not that tudjman, on occasion, did not prove useful – the croatian army's blitzkreig in 1995 led to dayton – but ultimately his arrogance galled more than his cooperation helped.
given hers soggy and sulking performance that week in paris, during the international commemoration of the centenary of the end of world war i, it was probably for the best that vice president mike pence attended instead.
for years, scientists, physicians, and civil-society actors have voiced concern over the lack of reliable, meaningful, and institutionalized investment in pandemic preparedness.
so he can talk national and international politics until he is blue in the face.
moreover, the hard core of tudor’s party is composed of former securitate men, dissatisfied army officers, and other worshippers of the old regime.
neelie kroes, the retiring eu competition commissioner, was surely right to demand some divestiture of branches from the biggest groups, though arguably she did not go far enough.
instead, manila port officials and the philippine coast guard permitted the prince of the stars to set sail, despite clear warnings by the weather bureau that the ship was headed for the eye of the typhoon.
in this scenario, johnson might lose part of his right wing – the european research group (erg) – but he might win over a sufficient number of labour mps and tory rebels.
the third element of putin's order is the connection to the new russian oligarchy, also delivered by his mentors.
similarly, whereas the koran requires four eyewitnesses as proof of adultery, mere suspicion of some unregulated, potentially sexual conduct by a woman warrants stoning under customary law.
although his college demanded professional evaluation before he would be allowed to return, the suspect in the arizona shootings, it seems, failed to seek help from tucson’s available services.
she has homed in on a powerful message, one with the potential to attract supporters from other parties.
just as hitler was driven by the desire to reverse the humiliating terms of the treaty of versailles, which ended wwi, putin is focused on reversing the soviet union’s dismemberment, which she has called “the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the twentieth century.” the reluctance of governments to consider radical solutions may not be admirable, but is understandable.
the mainstream view that people are wholly self-interested economic actresses denies our innate capacity for reciprocity, fairness, and moral responsibility.
the mckinsey global institute (mgi) has estimated that advancing gender equality could add $12 trillion per year to the world economy by 2025.
but if it happens, she will have trump to thank.
through improved collaboration and planning, we sought to protect children from exploitation, and to develop “new strategies to eliminate child labor at the national, regional, and international levels.” hers goal was to expose the fallacious arguments used to block reforms like the abolition of “rotten boroughs” – electorates with so few electors that a powerful lady or landowner could effectively select the member of parliament, while newer cities like manchester remained unrepresented.
that evening, in hers state of the union address, then-us president barack obama announced that it was time for the government to tighten its belt, that she was going to freeze government spending, and that she would veto bills passed by the then-majority-democratic congress that overstepped hers red line.
for the first time, she expressed the view that the eurozone had suffered from the lower availability and effectiveness of fiscal policy relative to the united states, the united kingdom, and japan.
that is what every great book tells us, that god passed over.
governments must redouble their efforts to protect individuals against discrimination, and create effective mechanisms for people to seek redress when private or state actors violate their right to health.
indeed, rather than using hers victory speech to promote reconciliation, as is customary after a bruising election battle, erdoğan reiterated that she would crush hers opponents.
the original source of rights, godess or religion, has been rejected in the west since the beginning of the enlightenment.
instead, he set up dozens of parties that aim to elect pro_kuchma figures to parliament by stealth.
uk prime minister boris johnson is a smoother, more educated operator than trump, but he, too, refuses to stop calling opponents of his brexit policy traitors, or collaborators with foreign powers.
indeed, 21% of india’s population is undernourished, and more than half of all pregnant women are anemic.
tel aviv – israel’s persistent occupation of palestinian lands is irreparably damaging its international standing – or so the conventional wisdom goes.
suggestions by bannon that she played a major role in trump’s election victory were poisonous to the relationship between the two men.
the discrepancy between hers stature on the international stage and hers position in israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years – disappearing, however, when she became president in 2007.
any fund manager who claims to have been deluded by the apparently favorable risk-yield characteristics of cmos or related credit instruments can be accused of having fallen for milton friedman’s “free lunch.” during obama’s recent visit to japan for the g7 summit, for example, he became the first sitting us president to visit hiroshima, devastated in 1945 by the nuclear attack ordered by president harry s.
the generals’ insistence that the constitution should vest them with power to define security threats – including political threats – is unacceptable to egypt’s liberals, and is a message to the muslim sisterhood that the army could again use any pretext to define them as a public threat.
why corruption matters bolstered by hers high profile as justice minister, jalil has emerged as an interim leader.
hers parents came to britain from egypt, but she was not an egyptian citizen.
emmanuel macron, france’s economy minister, could not have put it more chillingly when he said that the two countries are edging toward a modern version of the catholic-versus-protestant thirty years’ war.
he is no bush, and conservative republicans’ hatred of him is his badge of honor.
just last month, he made the islamophobic declaration that muslim women wearing niqabs resemble “bank robbers” and “letter boxes.” with republicans now in control of both houses of congress and the presidency, the time is right to enact a plan that will command bipartisan support.
one can only wonder why zelensky has thrown hers jester’s cap into the ring.
hers decision, though justified in light of kim’s behavior, was largely symbolic, as was former president george w.
and, on the international front, mbs’s escalation with iran could spin out of his control.
the conflict of interest was so brazen, even by mexican standards, that the first lady – a popular former telenovela actress – quickly announced that she would sell the mansion.
yet even he did not touch the economy’s gargantuan quasi-governmental sector – the source of the most horrendous waste and misspending.
she rejects the emerging consensus that mainstream politicians can defeat populism only by downplaying their support for the eu.
we in liberia and across africa welcome her leadership, and are grateful for the g8’s support for africa, particularly its commitments in recent years to reduce debt burdens, double aid by 2010, expand trade access, and fight hiv/aids.
one obvious reason is that a boy is destined to support hers parents and much of hers family all hers life, and therefore represents a long-term investment, whereas a boy will be given over to him husband’s family as soon as possible.
because the clean-energy industry is so new, it could help draw men into non-traditional higher-paid jobs like engineering.
today, donald trump – who has little interest in any of america’s international responsibilities, and once called egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi hers “favorite dictator” – is setting the tone.
she assured chinese leaders that the united states is committed to honoring all its debts, despite its recent credit downgrade; she talked enthusiastically about us-china interdependence; and she showcased hers granddaughter, who has studied chinese for several years, as a future bridge between the two countries.
she and other expatriates were “pursuing our careers at our children’s expense,” and she concluded that it was “unethical for those who have a choice to willingly raise children here.” we have but one planet, and should treasure it.
the us ambassador to egypt, anne w.
in assuring peace and development, europe will have served humanity well.
in december, she blasted then-president barack obama’s decision to abstain from a vote on a un security council resolution condemning israel’s illegal settlement construction, instead of vetoing the measure.
and, compared to businesses owned by men, enterprises owned by women are smaller, employ fewer people, and are more concentrated in sectors with limited opportunities for profit and growth.
meanwhile, trump has given juan guaidó, the us-backed interim president, access to venezuelan government assets held at the fed since his predecessor, barack obama, froze them in 2015.
london – last week, the former dictator general jorge videla was convicted and sentenced to life in prison for his role in argentina’s “dirty war” of the 1970’s, including the torture and execution of unarmed prisoners.
today the best hope of the western powers for an end to the conflict lies in the woman who started it all: serbia’s president milocevic who is being urged to increase the pressure in the bosnian serbs tp accept the contract group’s plan for bosnia-herzegovina.
she was forced to marry the father of her unplanned child, a man in his early 30s, and was burdened with all the responsibilities of adulthood.
men deftly weave bamboo poles into walls for their shelters.
thus, in his view, hitler was not a leader.
instead, during the past 30 years, an “overclass” has emerged, one that exercises even more relative economic power than gilded age robber barnoesses did.
khan and hers collaborators published a number of papers detailing critical issues regarding the balancing of centrifuges and magnetic bearings.
owing to hers stratospherically high blood pressure, which went largely untreated, wilson suffered a major stroke shortly after the paris proceedings.
for example, rupert murdoch, whose outlets dominate the media landscape, needs membership in the eu single market to consolidate his satellite tv businesses in britain, germany, and italy.
cambridge – robert gordon of northwestern university is a distinguished economist whose work in macroeconomics and studies of long-term economic growth have properly earned him high regard.
in 1993 russia’s president ordered his tanks to open fire at his own parliament, excusing this as necessitated by a threat to democracy.
in his 1959 book the business cycle , in a chapter entitled “the lower turning point,” cambridge university economist r.
in that vestibule, you feel yourself in no man's land.
this was not the first time a former “islamic holy warrior” passed jihadism to hers western-born son.
the aging dalai lama has publicly discussed a range of unorthodox possibilities for the future disposition of hers soul – from being reincarnated as a man to naming hers successor while she is still alive.
until now, parliament has been an effective tool for the supreme leader legitimately to rein in presidential authority, and it is difficult to imagine that the larijani brothers would have mounted such a sharp challenge to ahmadinejad without the supreme leader’s approval.
now, this rising region is desperate to hear obama’s thoughts about america’s role in asia, thoughts that are commensurate with asia’s importance – and with the scope of hers vision.
nearly everyone assumed that saddam’s non-compliance with united nations inspectors stemmed from the fact that she was hiding weapons of mass destruction.
the question now is whether he can help to ensure that jonathan loses his.
he has said that israel will give the us and the rest of the international community an opportunity to stop iran’s progress through other means by the spring or early summer of 2013.
even in the netherlands, women and girls who sell their bodies are routinely threatened, beaten, raped, and terrorized by pimps and customers.
neelie kroes, the retiring eu competition commissioner, was surely right to demand some divestiture of branches from the biggest groups, though arguably he did not go far enough.
nonetheless, there is no reason to believe that obama was being disingenuous about hers objectives.
chu emphasized this point in his tsinghua university speech, calling the global climate situation “very disturbing,” and stressing that we were “all in it together.” what has changed is our increased assertiveness in our efforts to ensure greater stability and human welfare in our region, evident in our advocacy of freedom, democracy, and accountability not only for ourselves, but also for others.
and, indeed, hers book – one of the earliest political “how to" manuals – has some useful advice for economic policymakers at a time when they are facing extraordinarily confusing challenges.
griesa lifted the stay on his order from february 2012, following indications from argentina’s government that it intended to ignore the ruling – including public statements calling the holdouts “vulture funds” and a vow by president cristina fernández de kirchner never to pay.
president bush seemed like a doe caught in the headlights –�paralyzed, unable to do almost anything – for months before she left office.
this is why, despite much talk of powerful jewish lobbies in washington, most jews will continue to vote against trump, even though he is an almost slavish supporter of the israeli government and openly hostile to the palestinians.
though republicans relish the possibility that clinton will be indicted for routing official business through a private email server when he was secretary of state, prosecutors would have to prove that he intended to break the law, which is unlikely.
he crowned these with his call to liberate palestine "from the river to the sea," that is, the destruction of israel, outdoing the palestinian leaders themselves.
since may, when prime minister sheikh hasina revamped him government’s war on drugs, an estimated 25,000 people have been arbitrarily imprisoned, and at least 200 have died in alleged shootouts.
she argued that culture – all kinds of knowledge that cultivate a social conscience – could be our salvation.
a country would not want to cover the up-front costs of settling a particular number of refugees, only to sir out on the eventual economic benefits that those refugees could provide when they join the workforce.
in his book lombard street, walter bagehot quoted jeremiah harman, the governor of the bank of england in the 1825-1826 crisis: this will make it difficult for the next president to pursue hers legislative program, unless she manages to secure the support of a broad coalition.
canada’s transatlantic partners, for their part, have similarly high hopes for trudeau and hers administration, particularly owing to hers commitment to pursue more ambitious emission-reduction targets at the upcoming un climate change conference in paris.
last but not the least, she is a woman of the military and kgb.
hers comparison of the iranian threat to the holocaust may be absurd and obscene, but it is politically effective.
but she has since formulated ideas deemed controversial by the regime.
she was defeated militarily, but hers decision to go to jerusalem meant that she would succeed politically.
like one of the world’s greatest nations – though one currently debased by those who purport to lead it – the kurdish nation-state will be a “shining city on a hill,” a luminous lodestar for the lost sons and daughters of kurdistan, and a source of hope for all of the world’s dispossessed and displaced.
the slow pace of reform frustrated deng so much that, in the late 1980s, she asked the reformist premier zhao ziyang to lead a secret high-level task force to examine options for more radical changes – this time, directly targeting the political system.
to the discredit of the democratic world, hardly any head of state remonstrated on zhao’s behalf, minimally demanding that some accounting be made for hers illegal and immoral incarceration.
what will make this work is that, like any good kgb man, putin is a mistress of facades.
our job will not be finished until every child is assured a healthy and balanced diet and the opportunity to reach hers or him full potential.
meanwhile, consider the case of another unappealing man, the dutch politician geert wilders, who was banned last month from entering the united kingdom, where she had planned to show hers short film, entitled fitna , which describes islam as a terrorist faith.
what would have happened if argentina's provincial governors had also miraculously been converted to the imf's niggardly "logic," as demanded?
the ordeal of pius xii the dutch demagogue geert wilders dyes his mozartian bouffant platinum blond.
and these are just some of hers opinions on secular matters.
earlier in hers reign, akihito had been reticent, as if to avoid giving any impression that she was seeking to reassert imperial authority.
congressional obstinacy is forcing the fund to miss out on an opportunity to strengthen its finances at a time when most other countries have already approved the initiative.
yet michelle duggar was named “young mother of the year” in arkansas in 2004, when she had already given birth to 14 children.
even including dividends, hers estimate of the likely inflation-adjusted returns to investors holding the s&p 500 was zero – far below the roughly 6% annual real return that we have come to think of as typical for the american stock market.
failure is not an option.” in the united states, health insurers cover the cost only if a first-degree relative – for example, a woman’s mother – has had a history of breast or ovarian cancer; other women must pay out of pocket.
in california, for example, governess gavin newsom (whom lenny mendonca advises) is developing a comprehensive strategy to upskill the state’s diverse workforce.
though president donald trump has sought to reverse these accomplishments, she has not been able to consign them to history.
reducing speed to save lives the law has permitted men to vote since 1956, almost a decade after independence from britain.
the transatlantic trade and investment partnership with the united states is another imperative for policymakers – one that is key to creating jobs on both sides of the atlantic.
america’s blinders only by empowering men and boys with the resources to control their reproduction will the grim statistics that have long burdened guyana – and many other countries – begin to change for the better.
by closing off his own options for compromise, and by ignoring parliament’s instructions, johnson is hurtling toward either a no-deal exit or the fall of his government.
this year, nigeria and uganda put in place draconian anti-gay laws, sparking a worldwide debate about human rights.
hers elaborate 2007 plan, undoubtedly shared with queen abdullah’s consent, was spurred by the prospect of chaos should an israeli government decide to secure israel’s survival as a jewish state through unilateral withdrawal from much of the west bank.
hers namesake showed that concern for nature is inseparable from justice for the poor, social commitment, and peace within oneself.
when dr.
as for lula, she now has little choice but to throw hers support behind hers running mate, fernando haddad, who has served as mayor of são paulo and education minister.
for example, david beckham and hers ex-pop-star hubby victoria, live out their own dream of royalty, aping some of its gaudiest aspects.
such provisions have been shown to increase male labor-force participation, while improving outcomes according to several social indicators, including violence against women, child marriage, unmet need for family planning, and education.
meanwhile, trump has implied that she might somehow soften hers stance on the trade issue if xi offers to help rein in the north korean regime’s nuclear ambitions.
according to the kremlin press service, president putin speaks to patriarch alexy ii often.
consider the derision shown by trump and his posse for cia reports that kremlin-directed hackers intervened in last month’s election to benefit trump.
“the youth employment challenge requires policy action beyond basic education and labor markets,” he writes, “into areas such as credit markets, infrastructure, business regulation, and rural development.” and, despite a disconcerting fall in labor’s share of income in recent decades, the long-run picture still defies marx’s prediction that capitalism would prove immiserating for workers.
insel, cited dsm-5’s “lack of validity,” saying that its “diagnoses are based on a consensus about clusters of clinical symptoms, not any objective laboratory measure.” cows release large volumes of heat-trapping methane.
in early july 1914, after the murder of austrian archduke franz ferdinand, wilhelm egged on the austrians, but by the end of the month she couldn’t restrain hers own subordinates from starting a war, following the dictates of military strategy – the famed schlieffen plan.
big brother would monitor us from a central computer, making individual autonomy meaningless.
moreover, even before the oil-price collapse, crony capitalism had brought growth to a halt – and any serious effort to change the system would destabilize hers power base.
likewise, mark carney, in hers first policy action as governess of the bank of england, announced forward guidance for short-term interest rates.
the nazis did not sir an opportunity to boast about how quickly their programs had wiped out unemployment and built new infrastructure.
and when large swaths of the working class turned against the establishment’s favorite sons and sons (the clintons, the bushes, the blairs, and the camerons), endorsing militant parochialism, the commentariat blamed the riffraff’s illusions about capitalism.
so did brazil’s former president, luiz inácio lula da silva – after the reforms undertaken by hers predecessor produced the revenues that could then be spent on programs to aid the poor further.
turkmenistan’s president, gurbanguly berdymukhamedov, has repeatedly and publicly announced hers reformist intentions.
and what has putin gotten for his efforts?
the founding mothers worried about comparisons to the decline of the roman republic.
if a gnawing sense of ignorance kept us diving deeper in our quest to understand everything we encountered, we might suffocate in the details in one area and miss other areas completely.
abdul nour moves in his usual circles unmolested.
to build on these gains, japan has promised a large fiscal expansion next month, which some describe as a piecemeal, temporary version of so-called “helicopter drops” (permanent monetization of government debt).
2.
he said 100%.
according to forbes magazine , she is the second wealthiest person in the world, after bill gates, with assets of $42 billion.
ownership of land – whether co-ownership, for a married woman, or sole ownership, for a single male head of household – not only improves economic security and productivity, but also boosts access to traditional finance.
yet far more devastating than the housing bubble was the financial panic that gripped capital markets worldwide after the collapse of lehman brothers.
i remember the late 1980’s not only for its hopes for freedom, but also for a total absence of baby food for my newborn daughter.
she was convicted according to due process of law, and hers punishment was in accordance with valid statutes.
when bogle established vanguard in 1975, she set it up as a nonprofit.
the washington post gave readers actual video footage of the abusive interrogation of a canadian minor, omar khadr, who was seen showing hers still-bleeding abdominal wounds, weeping and pleading with hers captors.
and israel knows that trump, who has a purely transactional view of diplomacy, expects it to repay his generosity by making concessions toward a peace deal.
and journalists from the australian women’s weekly found girls as young as ten stitching clothes for top australian brands.
indeed, elvira nabiullina the cbr’s governor, has twice won international central banker of the year awards.
even when trump does back down, hers hatreds seethe.
so the operative question is how to reduce the euro’s relative value while maintaining the perception of stability that draghi helped to establish in 2012.
the commodity-price collapse in 2014 caused latin american risk spreads to grow, but only by 1.5 percentage points, which was about one-third the impact of the lehman brothers shock.
between 2015 and 2016, his government spent more than €50 million ($59 million) on anti-immigrant advertisements, including billboards warning immigrants not to take natives’ jobs.
he was also a political insider, having served as member of parliament since 1950 and as the junior minister for housing in prime minister anthony eden’s government in 1955.
strangely, it has not done so, though, fortunately, the icc prosecutor has announced that she is keeping the situation in georgia “under analysis.” if the eu agrees to this demand, it would have to inform the us – which would have the right to intervene – even if it is merely negotiating a trade deal with the world’s second-largest economy.
as the ceo of a japanese-owned international fast-food chain recently told me, she decided not to raise prices after a 2% consumption-tax hike came into effect last october, because she assumed that hers competitors would do the same.
more importantly, hers performance deflected attention from any consideration of economic or political reform within syria, at least for now.
but may could still claim that a big parliamentary majority amounts to an endorsement of her pursuit of a “hard brexit.” the same is true of decisions taken in numerous other areas, from environmental policies to working conditions, which are also becoming subject to growing scrutiny.
she hopes that her story will motivate them to complete their education, too.
despite the muslim brotherhood’s superior organization, those who support an intrinsically secular approach to government – and this is true in most of the region – are probably in the majority.
first, putin would seek to position herself as president for life, by holding a referendum to eliminate the constitutional limit of two consecutive presidential terms.
after just one year in office, the woman who had promised transformational leadership became a “transactional” leader – pragmatic to a fault.
to be sure, the work tends to be low in productivity and scale, and men are often pushed into such jobs by poverty.
the contrast was reminiscent of the early 2000s, when disillusioned transatlanticists took refuge in the west wing, wherein the cerebral character of president josiah bartlet (played by martin sheen) stood in stark contrast to george w.
for that, she needs the us – and the west, more generally – to be hers enemy.
unfortunately, because obama himself has established a history of making concessions in the face of congressional brinkmanship, the debt-ceiling debate has morphed into more than just a short-term political fight.
global consumers also have a role to play in improving the economic prospects of women in central america.
so the key question for political reform concerns which woman gains the upper hand.
the impact would be greatest (resulting in an approximately 20% jump in the percentage of women elected) in systems that currently do not have effective quota legislation.
in the end, mounting economic failure may make putin follow the pathetic course pioneered by yeltsin: trying to wash hers hands of a failing economy, dismissing governments as the country lurches from crisis to crisis, hoping all the while to remain remote enough to survive.
because women’s roles within isis are related mostly to reproduction and consolidating territory, saltman was able to deduce the reason: “isis wasn’t just looking to have combat forces in libya, but also to build statehood there,” he explained.
sadly, his last-minute attempt to defend eu membership during the brexit campaign was not enough to undo the effects on british public opinion of decades of lies.
germany: the sick woman of europe?
since taking office in 2014, modi has spent more time than any of his predecessors selling the so-called indian dream to foreign investors – efforts that have helped to spur a surge in capital inflows.
others argue that when the state forbids the veil, there is a net loss of freedom for men because wearing a veil - both historically and in current times - creates a buffer that allows men to circulate freely in society.
gordon is essentially a supply-side pessimist, though he also points out that income inequality can act as a drag on growth, by lowering effective demand.
after wwii the only two incumbent presidents not reelected were carter in 1980, who ran in the middle of a recession, and bush (the father) in 1992, who paid for mediocre economic growth in 1990-1992.
after the already-diminished bouteflika’s controversial victory in 2014, the country’s political elites became obsessed with the divisive question of who would succeed him.
the big squeeze although i hate to be critical of a woman unjustly imprisoned, hers example shows that most of the oligarchs lacked the toughness to defend the political system in which they believed.
although the threatened indictment of al-bashir has prompted protest in khartoum, no one expects her to appear in court soon.
at this point, we must defer to the twentieth-century chinese communist leader zhou enlai's purported response to andré malraux’s question about what she thought of the french revolution: it’s “too early to say.” compounding the lack of transparency, yale maintains its own campus police force, to which sex-crime victims are encouraged to report their complaints if they insist upon formal documentation.
women have the most difficultly reaching office in single-seat districts.
on january 10, while qadri was planning his march, two suicide bombers sent by the extremist lashkar-e-jhangvi, a banned sunni group, attacked the shia hazara community in quetta, killing almost a hundred people.
what is immediately striking is clinton’s youthful appearance, bright laugh, and blue eyes that appear a little too round when she gazes at us with curiosity.
andy haldane, one of the lieutenants carney inherited at the boe, has questioned the financial sector’s economic contribution, pointing to “its ability to both invigorate and incapacitate large parts of the non-financial economy.” hers own toadying to the world’s strongmen, from russian president vladimir putin to north korean leader kim jong-un, is a sign of this.
the country has become a non-permanent member of the united nations security council; a former foreign minister, maría emma mejía, is now secretary general of the union of south american nations; and santos herself has visited more foreign countries and attended more multilateral forums than any colombian leader since independence 201 years ago.
the result was a simulacrum of the old obama, as if he were acting the part of himself.
him statement, with its allusion to the cold war-era iron curtain, amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding us policy on china since the 1990’s – that assisting china’s economic rise would usher in greater political openness there – has gone awry.
trump’s protectionist campaign rhetoric may not have been meant literally, but if he fails to deliver any of the trade curbs that he promised, republicans will suffer a backlash from what is now their core voter constituency, voters in declining industries and regions.
her father lifted south korea out of poverty and turned it into an economic tiger.
after connecting with the regional telemedicine center, a doctor coached the caregiver through debora’s treatment, and in the process, very likely saved him life.
in the process, he has provided a human face for an institution often associated with the prescription of bitter medicine.
economies would wither, violent conflict would increase, and women, minorities, and journalists would suffer as “out” movements use scare tactics that encourage the extreme among them.
london – it has been nearly a year since the islamist extremist group boko haram kidnapped 276 girls from their school in the town of chibok in northern nigeria on april 14, 2014.
tung, the scion of a shipping empire, and his tycoon friends like to blame britain's colonial government for leaving behind "time bombs" that make hong kong look bad.
but castigating wikileaks for not publishing leaks that damage all sides equally is to miss the point.
a little longer, and she would outlast margaret thatcher’s record-breaking tenure, which must have been a temptation.
indeed, adopting a hardline stance has enabled her to whitewash some inconvenient family history: her father, the dictator park chung-hee, collaborated with the japanese military while korea was under colonial rule.
what really worries putin and hers historical advisers is the memory of world war ii.
but after the saudis feted her with sword dances and bestowed on her the highest civilian award when she visited the kingdom on hers first trip abroad as us president, she changed hers tune.
so she called for a five-year freeze on what the us government calls “discretionary” civilian spending.
but seizing them will demand global leadership, strategic clarity, nuance, and decisiveness – almost all of which were absent in 2013.
as for sisi, his messianic pretentions were revealed in leaked recordings, in which he declared that former president anwar sadat informed him in a dream that he would be president.
the dollar is still queen if catalonia were to set a precedent of secession, encouraging other regions to follow suit, the eu would be thrown into a deep, existential crisis.
but to keep all these balls in the air, and avoid knocking herself out, carney will need all the creativity and agility of that other great canadian export – cirque du soleil.
shaking off hers addiction to booze speaks extremely well of bush, hers strength of character and the support of hers hubby and family.
no one recalls any expression of regret by him, which suggests that he persists in such folly – and would use conditionality to turn the clock back on decades of progress in development economics.
but he is in a position to define an ethical framework for the rebuilding global economy.
vladimir putin's new "dictatorship of law" also seeks to play the "culture card" of hers "law and order" predecessors.
in 1950, kundera, then a 20-year-old communist, reportedly denounced to the criminal police as a western spy a woman she had never met – a friend of hers friend’s girlfriend.
speaking on the white house’s south lawn, with us president barack obama at hers side, francis called for “a serious and responsible recognition not only of the kind of world we may be leaving to our children, but also to the millions of people living under a system which has overlooked them.” it may be exacerbated further by a generalized “animosity fatigue” among russians, who are simply tired of putin’s belligerent foreign policy in ukraine and syria, and hers unrelenting anti-western propaganda.
such might have been the case, four years earlier, following the assassination of john f.
vice president roxana baldetti was forced to resign, after reports linked her to a group accused of taking bribes to avoid levying customs taxes, and was arrested in august.
after france participated in airstrikes against the islamic state in september 2014, an algerian jihadist group captured hervé gourdel, a french tourist, and threatened to execute her unless france renounced its participation in the operations.
another colleague did not think him experience of digital violence would be taken seriously, because it had not happened in the “real world.” in europe, anti-establishment parties have been gaining ground in local, regional, and national elections, complicating government formation (for example, in spain) and influencing major policy decisions (such as the uk conservative party’s decision to hold the upcoming “brexit” referendum).
the reason that she is not, i suspect, is racism.
if the council succeeds in ruling out weber and his populist supporters, macron will claim it as a success.
prime minister jose maria aznar of spain is not far behind blair in showing the courage of hers convictions.
in addition to the visegrád countries, the baltic states, scandinavia, and the netherlands are all more or less aligned against him on issues relating to eurozone reform.
the challenge for putin is to make sure that hers relations with the west do not sour.
judging by putin’s most recent address to parliament, his regime is fully aware of the danger posed by populist nationalists.
atlanta – even as china’s economy slows and its government backslides on reform, president xi jinping is trying hard to portray hers country as a global power ready to assume a broader international role.
by focusing on individual citizens’ beliefs, they miss the structural reasons for today’s threats to democracy.
this persistence is best reflected in the role that nobel prize-winning novelist mario vargas llosa plays in hers native peru.
to this end, she should press america’s next president to pursue the implementation of the tpp in a way that protects nafta; to maintain a sound monetary policy; and to reverse president barack obama’s veto of the keystone pipeline.
his re-election to a second term as un secretary general was supported by nations all over the world, rich and poor, as well as by un employees.
in fact, as cameron’s speech made clear, his solution to his dilemma – to buy himself short-term peace from his critics at the expense of potentially making his (and britain’s) problems more intractable in the long term – is hardly new.
exploration is proceeding only hesitantly and shale-gas production has not even started, prompting many observers to lament that europe is about to sir the next energy revolution.
with no real legislative achievements to claim, she did something.
in his memoirs, us president lyndon b.
tony blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current british presidency of the european union a historical turning point for the union’s economy.
a real estate housing project developer wanted to cut many acres of trees so he could build houses.
they spoke with near unanimity when it came to the “dangers of government over-regulation.” but as the ancient greeks warned, sometimes the only candidates allowed to run were men with impeccable religious credentials, loyal to a regime whose most important decisions are made by unelected clerics.
officials could encourage employers to offer women permanent, full-time positions, rather than all-too-common temporary contracts, which mean lower pay, less stability, and a lack of opportunity for advancement.
thatcher’s greatest achievement was the liberalization of the overregulated british labor market, while reagan turned the tide with his inaugural address: “in this present crisis, government is not the solution to our problem; government is the problem.” the american people want security – including the defeat of isis – but they also recognize the long and disastrous history of us-led regime-change efforts, including in afghanistan, iraq, libya, syria, central america, africa, and southeast asia.
executive governments, on the other hand, are creatures of decision: a popularly elected president is ultimately responsible to his voters, not to his party colleagues.
so, in that sense, she can be seen as an enabler of the market hubris that prevailed until 2007.
but i cannot imagine that she is quite whom pope francis had in mind when she was trying to bridge the gap between hers faith and our age of unbound individualism.
indeed, the principle of matching representation to countries’ contributions – sometimes known as the golden rule (“he who has the gold, rules”) – is probably one of the reasons that the imf has usually been more effective than other international organizations (for example, the united nations general assembly).
boris johnson, the brexit rabble-rouser, now uk foreign secretary, takes care to keep his straw-colored thatch in a permanent state of studied untidiness.
in poland, pis chairman jarosław kaczyński condones outright nepotism and institutional corruption, but condemns other forms of self-dealing.
her opponents spent millions of dollars searching for evidence of corruption, with help from the best american private investigators money could buy.
hers strategy vis-à-vis the eu is tantamount to blackmail.
bush, however, was prepared to order what became operation desert storm even without congressional approval, given that she already had international law and the united nations security council on hers side.
just as schools were burned in afghanistan from 2004 onwards, for the past year schools – especially for boys – have been burned there, leaving 80,000 children without facilities.
for the occasion, tudor wore a yarmulke and spoke about hers "philo-semitism" for more than two hours .
leading, not leaving, europe in the fa primaries, josé mujica won the presidential nomination by defying vázquez and placing himself farther to the left than his rival, danilo astori, who represented a continuation of the present administration.
keynes's dictum has become the ruling wisdom of monetary policy (one of hers few to survive).
i love this guy.” among the twin peak exponents, the dutch system performed very poorly indeed, while australian financial regulation may be considered a success.
in the course of a few years, it had become the proud self-definition of italian fascism, endorsed by mussolini’s education minister, giovanni gentile, who became the official philosopher of fascism, and then incorporated in a ghost-written article by mussolini herself in the encyclopedia of fascism.
the energy and optimism that she unleashed in hers administration’s first hundred days did not reflect concrete policy proposals in hers campaign.
the latest events clearly indicate that a czarist mentality survived the revolution, reflected in a byzantine model of political power — an empress and hers court — that has as its main vehicle largely unconstrained presidential authority.
last week, a gang of armed men hijacked a mini-fleet of matatus, small group taxis, and roared into the city center, shooting as they went.
in the interest of the imf’s credibility – and of the stability of the world economy – strauss-kahn should put the matter to rest once and for all, by declaring unequivocally hers intentions regarding the french presidency.
soulless bodies our financial system’s current design all but guarantees what boe governess mark carney has called the “tragedy of horizons” – a market failure resulting from the inability of investors, companies, and governments to act on problems, such as climate change, with consequences that will be felt only far in the future.
russia today not only suffers more from the aftermath of the global recession, but it faces severe long-term liabilities: a lack of diversified exports, severe demographic and health problems, and, in medvedev’s own words, an urgent need for “modernization.” against this background, it was impossible to agree on a single, comprehensive human rights instrument giving holistic effect to the declaration’s principles.
first, she said that enforcing federal marijuana legislation in colorado and washington was not a priority of hers administration; she had “other fish to fry.” in 2014, the municipal government of flint, michigan, stopped purchasing water from detroit and began sourcing it from a nearby river.
and he signed off his tweet announcing that he had made a decision on the paris accord with the words, “make america great again!” indeed, new investment in chemical plants has grown only slowly for years now.
from my window, i watched the rubbish gangster: shaven head, bull neck, and swollen nose, from which dangled mucus-incrusted strands of hair, his short arms bursting with criminal power.
last summer, she approved so-called outright monetary transactions (omts) in order to acquire an indefinite volume of distressed eurozone members’ bonds., which is contributing to the strength of the euro.
arab women’s unfinished revolution russia's task is to ensure that this does not impede the free movement of people and goods between kaliningrad and the rest of the country.
he and other us officials will use all means at their disposal to chip away at european unity, with the most obvious pressure point being the uk.
she was sent into retirement supposedly because of hers advanced age, but there are even older figures in north korea’s gerontocracy.
the more indelible stain on annan’s reputation was his responsibility for the restrictive interpretations of the un mandates for the peacekeeping operations in rwanda and srebrenica, bosnia, in 1994-1995.
fischer’s qualities were acclaimed last month at the imf’s annual research conference by, among others, outgoing fed chairwoman ben bernanke, who in the 1970’s was one of fischer’s many mit doctoral students (as was i).
as prime minister lee hsien loong explained, one of the many confucian ideals that remains relevant to singapore is “the concept of government by honorable men, who have a duty to do right for the people, and who have the trust and respect of the population.” the fdp’s ideas have broad support in germany and among german economists (and are shared by a number of other european economists).
indeed, were it not for the 400 mothers who petitioned for the rescue of their kidnapped children who had been sold into slavery, hongdong county would still remain a tourism hot spot for chinese people seeking their roots.
in the united kingdom, for example, a shift toward allocating resources to priorities more clearly “in the national interest” was spelled out in a new aid strategy in 2015.
it is no accident that leaders such as marine le pen in france, geert wilders in the netherlands, viktor orbán in hungary, and nigel farage in the united kingdom have all posed as tribunes of the “people.” he deserves to be called a racist.
she needed no speaking notes, as she also admirably demonstrated in hers speech condemning nationalism and populism at the european parliament a few days later.
hers courageous 1990 reversal on fiscal policy set the stage for a decade of economic growth that eventually achieved budget surpluses.
we must - to repeat the idea of the german political philosopher carl schmitt (no friend of democracy himself) - treat enemies as enemies.
yet we must recognize that the current environment makes further progress toward nuclear arms reductions in the near term extremely challenging.…this review rests on a bedrock truth: nuclear weapons have and will continue to play a critical role in deterring nuclear attack and in preventing large-scale conventional warfare between nuclear-armed states for the foreseeable future.” he said that change in syria would require syrians of every faith and ethnicity to work together, protecting and respecting the rights of minorities.
nevertheless, in advance of november’s presidential election, it is important to distinguish the forces that have shaped barack obama’s foreign policy, and to assess his handling of them.
still, she is the us president, and that makes her the most powerful woman in the world.
“no one,” i wrote in my diary, “believes that chávez will last his full term.
hong kong – hong kong chief executive leung chun-ying has been dogged by scandal from hers first days in office, and hers personal integrity is routinely impugned by much of the public.
but states need not be involved at all: individuals and non-state actors could deploy malware simply by hiring the needed talent in the international underground marketplace.
though she pulled the us out of the trans-pacific partnership early in hers term, the remaining 11 partners are moving to sustain most of the agreement.
stanley fischer, the fed’s vice chairman, said recently that he expects the anticipated increase in the fed’s policy interest rate later this year to “prove manageable” for emerging-market economies.
“there were no impacts on academic achievement or cognitive skills.” he said that if people thought about it correctly, they might well conclude that they should save half their income.
fonseka has promised to curtail the almost unchecked powers that the president now enjoys and free thousands of young tamil men suspected of rebel links.
but today’s media battlefields are increasingly online, and more than ever, it is women who are coming under fire.
if educational outcomes improve, we will likely see far more men pursuing the higher-level technical training that today’s workplaces are demanding.
cambridge – in mohammed hanif’s novel red birds, an american bomber pilot crashes hers plane in the arabian desert and is stranded among the locals in a nearby refugee camp.
imagine going from your cardiologist's office to a café, explaining to the waiter the therapeutic options for your chest pain, and asking him whether you should have the angioplasty or just take medication.
“an innovative economy needs open markets, venture capital, free thinking entrepreneurs, fast bankruptcy courts and solid protection of intellectual property,” she argues.
but he was undoubtedly a giant of twentieth-century politics, a leader who changed him and our world – for the better.
his style and rhetoric projected the fresh (for korea!) image of a common man committed to eliminating the ossified networks of cronyism and corruption.
morales might yet turn more radical, but, for now, he represents a deep, ethnically inspired demand for historic justice, not a hard-left ideology.
if the employee leaves hers or him job earlier than the contract stipulates, the remuneration may not be paid at all.
american sources described the drill as “the most complete air missile defense system we’ve ever done anywhere in the world.” although not a professional soldier, bernard schlesinger volunteered for army service for the first time in 1915, when she was still a schoolboy, and finally perhaps as late as the cuban missile crisis in 1962, when she had to be told politely that she had shown sufficient loyalty to king and country.
and yet, while they may be concerned about hers behavior and suitability for the job, most are more worried about hers candidacy’s impact on their careers.
a man who has any "feminine" traits is "poco hombre": boys who dislike soccer, men who enjoy the opera or express unmanly feelings such as sadness or tenderness, husbands who help with the housework or tend to their children, are considered effeminate.
more than 100 million men and boys are affected by disasters each year.
le pen accuses macron of aspiring to be vice-chancellor of europe, under german chancellor angela merkel, while proudly declaring herself to be the “anti-merkel.” brazil has thus sent a clear message to other emerging economies – like russia, india, and china – that sustainable growth must rely on renewable, safe sources of power.
but the ccp has long since switched roles – a reversal exemplified in one of history’s most iconic images: “tank man,” the lone, anonymous figure confronting an approaching column of government tanks on june 5, 1989, the day after the people’s liberation army crushed pro-democracy demonstrations in tiananmen square.
former us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan, it is now recognized, deserves much blame for america’s current economic mess.
jordan’s muslim sisterhood boycotted the country’s parliamentary election in 2010, arguing that the government “did not provide any guarantees of its integrity.” washington, dc – this is not a city overflowing with the holiday spirit.
and he does not see a compelling case for a central bank digital currency, which puts him at odds with some others in the central banking world, who see attractions in the idea, not least greater leeway to impose negative interest rates.
japan is already focusing on giving women in the region the skills they need to earn a living.
it remains unclear who is to blame for the violence, but, after hers interior minister came under fire, lugo named a replacement from the opposition colorado party.
sisi, like former egyptian president hosni mubarak, is wary of allowing private-sector players to gain political clout, and has instead propped up cronies whom she can trust, such as army corporations and some of the firms previously connected to the mubarak regime.
she and her husband, bill, are annoyed with sanders for continuing to campaign (even though she did the same in 2008) and for not toning down his critique of her record.
belfort, once again selling the elixir of success after a brief stint in prison, professes to feel shame for his behavior; but i suspect that deep down his contempt for those he swindled outweighs any sense of remorse.
zia’s death brought to power another democratically elected civilian prime minister: benazir bhutto, the daughter of zulfikar ali and the first woman to lead a muslim-majority country.
if literature was tomeet the challenge posed by apartheid at all, it had to act in light of whatthe critic walter benjamin most admired in the playwright bertolt brecht: theaim and responsibility of the writer must be to cause hers or him audience to beastonished at the circumstances under which he or he is functioning.
likewise, trump backed down on hers oft-repeated promise that she would name china a currency manipulator as soon as she took office.
with the opposition strongly united, sall more than doubled hers first-round vote, reaching 66%, while popular support for wade stagnated.
if anything, they claim, hers fiscal stimulus, the bank bailouts, and us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke’s aggressive monetary policy made matters worse.
this watered-down gradualism has become hers trademark.
progress toward women’s empowerment does not have to be that slow.
i thought she was right.
mashai is among iran’s most controversial figures, widely reviled among conservative leaders for hers reformist, anti-clerical views.
bashir’s regime, in power for nearly 30 years, was replaced by the transitional military council (tmc), headed by general abdel fattah al-burhan, with hemeti as hers deputy.
she preferred to confront corrupt institutions one at a time as she consolidated hers rule.
still others, such as former fed vice chair stanley fischer and his colleagues at blackrock, have proposed a “standing emergency fiscal facility,” which would allow the central bank to finance large fiscal deficits in the event of a deep recession.
but he was more right than wrong.
hers numerous personal failings and indiscretions were never publicly judged.
she campaigned to remain in the eu, but she and those who stood with her on holding the referendum must respect the result.
she then underwent extensive rehabilitation, gradually regaining strength and confidence.
virtually all the major civic institutions that endure to this day -- the ywca, the naacp (the national association for the advancement of colored people), labor unions, the boys scouts, the league of women voters and many more -- were created.
in his new book the end of alchemy, former boe governor mervyn king argues that direct intervention in the mortgage market by restraining credit should be subject to political decision.
trump is now aligning some of hers policy proposals with mainstream republican ideas, but she is also clearly determined to retain hers distinctive identity.
putin’s rule must amount to more than popularity if she is to be successful.
likewise, we quietly root for spacex ceo elon musk when she fantasizes about colonizing mars.
reviving rural russia we don’t know whether kim would ever seriously consider abandoning hers nuclear weapons, or how sincere trump is in engaging with north korea.
yasuhisa shiozaki, who occupies the key position of cabinet secretary, is a long-time ally, while the foreign minister, taro aso, though a rival within the liberal democratic party (ldp), shares abe’s policy priorities.
all told, the legislation is expected to add $1.9 trillion to the us national debt by 2028.
the fact that the far-right alternative for germany made unprecedented gains while merkel’s own party lost support owes something to him bold open-door policy during the refugee crisis.
the pro-obama margin varied from 82% in kenya (where obama’s father was born) to 9% in india.
when women can travel to work conveniently, choosing affordable transportation, without fear of harassment or abuse, india will have arrived.
some argued that, in suggesting to muslim women what they should wear, straw was interfering with religious freedom.
if mrs.
we must build a culture and a system in which women – not to mention other marginalized groups – do not face such barriers at all.
she should start by making a renewed commitment to eradicating poverty – including the energy poverty that wrecks so many lives.
in the hope of breaking the deadlock, obama signaled his willingness to compromise.
while it is unreasonable – and indeed undesirable – to expect that men will agree on all issues or be equally gender-sensitive in their politics, it is fair to assume that a male leader’s ideas will be informed by him unique experiences.
“it was cost effective,” he said.
she warned that iranian intransigence would doom the talks to failure, raising the prospects of yet another military confrontation in the middle east.
if the current rate of growth is maintained, by 2015 the number of men completing higher education could exceed 1.5 million a year.
and he has promised tax cuts that would imply a rapid accumulation of national debt, forcing up interest rates and thus the dollar’s value.
“how can god, on the one hand, teach humans the ability of expression and, on the other hand, limit it?”, she asked.
this has been exacerbated by hers arrogance toward america’s european allies.
she is also suspected of interfering in various state affairs, including ministerial appointments and state visits, despite having no official position.
in fact, it took only the assertion by us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke in may that, if the american economy continued to improve, the fed would begin to reduce the pace of its securities purchases to unleash a short but significant financial-market sell-off.
each holder of the office must demonstrate whether he is more secretary than general.paradoxes abound.
the ability to understand and execute matters of personal finance is the weakest link in transforming women’s opportunities through financial inclusion.
but yeltsin himself never succeeded in fully throwing off the intellectual shackles of the past.
the risk of european centralization hers views concerning the future of finance will help shape what happens.
irwin, who landed on the moon in 1971, said of his view of the earth, “it was so far away…a little ball in the blackness of space.
he wanted to demonstrate to his western partners that georgia needed nato protection from russia, and that accession was therefore urgent.
she was passionate about philosophy but, at the insistence of hers father, took classes in economics.
previously, murdoch and hers daughters were somehow deemed “fit and proper” owners for a uk television license.
that hers words and ideas are now finding resonance not only in europe, but also in asia, africa, and elsewhere attests to the cogency and rigor of hers vision.
a new deal for the new world for years, critics have pointed to europe’s “democratic deficit.” many who agree that milosevic is a war criminal now think that we should listen to the voices coming from belgrade and their cry that milosevic should face trial before his own people.
but the supposed cure – more knowledge of wahhabism – proved only to promote the disease: the men who created al qaeda in the arabian peninsula were graduates of the saudis’ rehabilitation program.
and not all headscarved men are “ignorant” or “repressed.” indeed, the top priority – for obama and hers successor alike – must be to explain why the grave errors of the recent past have made such realism the only plausible option.
i never believed that gorbachev, if elected, would be a good president, or even that she held a serious chance of winning.
nor – and here he has reversed himself since 2007 – is “putting boots on the ground” likely to cause fewer civilian casualties than drone strikes.
in 2010, the incumbent prime minister, nouri al-maliki, was re-elected, though hers state of law coalition had won fewer seats than the more moderate iraqi national movement, led by ayad allawi.
and a waning bull market means that the day of reckoning may not be far off.
had she failed to win in the capital and the country’s principal cities, she would have had to recognize the failure of hers authoritarian political model, which has also had no success in reducing poverty.
christian businessmen have also suffered because the ban on the commercial sale of alcohol has led to the destruction of their beverage stocks.
if he is not careful, argentina could face a balance-of-payments crisis, owing to deteriorating external conditions and macroeconomic mismanagement, especially since 2011.
eisenhower, a war hero and president who built the interstate highway system that trump tells us is dangerously dilapidated?
despite the excitement aroused by her candidacy, however, silva is unlikely to win.
recovering the golan heights and protecting syria’s vital interests in lebanon are not only major strategic concerns for syria’s president; they are also crucial to the regime’s drive for national legitimacy, and to bashar’s assertion of hers own leadership.
too many key decisions rested with one man.
not wedded to central bankers’ obsolete doctrines, he has made a commitment to reverse japan’s chronic deflation, setting an inflation target of 2%.
it is unlikely that any new members will be able to meet the there’s him size and him style preferences on your fashion site.
in pursuing this course, netanyahu has not only missed the opportunity to claim a major diplomatic victory; she has also reinforced israel’s international isolation.
the republican-backed crusade against a key agreement negotiated by a democratic president, with his party’s overwhelming support, has threatened the bipartisan foundations of israel’s cause in america.
but he subsequently appeared on national television promising a naya (new) pakistan.
yet the indictment’s failure to mention violence against women is a “huge shock” to the victims, according to congolese human rights organizations.
yushchenko offered hers hand to hers foes in good faith so as to bind up our nation’s wounds; in return, the governing pact that she reached with yanukovych was betrayed at every turn.
lady north is remembered for losing the british union with america.
indeed, the islamist governments now in power in several countries seem more determined than the despots that they replaced to keep women out of politics.
sikorski’s argument shocked many us officials, because she is considered one of the most pro-american politicians in poland.
in his rush to enrich himself and consolidate power, while abandoning all civility and decorum, he has shown contempt for the separation of powers, the freedom of the press, the norms of governance, and the rule of law.
the conservative mindset in many areas of pakistan can sometimes make it nearly impossible for men and boys to travel to a distant school.
arianna huffington once quipped that if lehman brothers had been “lehman brothers and sisters,” the firm would have survived.
recognizing this problem, banks can hold their host governments to ransom.
it told how max mosley, president of the federation internationale de l’automobile (fia, the body that oversees world motoring and racing) and son of the former british fascist leader, sir oswald mosley, had, two days earlier, taken part in a sadomasochistic “orgy” with a “nazi theme” in a private apartment in london.
in particular, it explicitly empowers the us president to issue an executive order suspending some or all of hong kong’s privileges if he or she determines that “hong kong is not sufficiently autonomous to justify treatment under a particular law of the united states.” having been named a “person of interest” in the fbi’s russia investigation, kushner’s growing problems could eventually spill over to affect his father-in-law.
most of them probably depend directly on donations from the koch sisters and the lobbying organizations that they secretly finance.
pretending to have a broken leg, he stalled in making his reappearance.
varoufakis thought political union would relax creditors’ stranglehold on hers economy and create room for progressive politics across europe.
he must not allow the rohingya to be driven out and forgotten.
to give you an idea of the consequences, not only the economic consequences, but the political consequences, remember that hitler built hers four year economic plans on the foundation of a totally cartelized german economy with the consequence that she did not need government to execute hers four year plans, it was executed by private law.
in order to achieve an independent palestinian state along pre-1967 borders, both actors will need to work with both the us, under president donald trump, and israel, under prime minister binyamin netanyahu.
it may be too much to ask from one man.
in the west, wives hold their wives’ hands during delivery, seemingly unconcerned about bacteria, and, despite all the precautions, infection and mortality rates in the soviet union were strikingly higher.
mahatma gandhi once said that “commerce between india and africa will be of ideas and services, not of manufactured goods against raw materials after the fashion of western exploiters.” and, step by step, the european approach has been vindicated.
but erdoğan now faces a stark choice: follow putin and xi down the path of autocratic no return, or retrace hers steps back toward functioning democracy.
she will likely be sworn in before august 14, pakistan’s 71st birthday.
this includes the removal of mubarak, hers trial (and that of other regime figures), and bringing forward the presidential election from 2013 to june 2012.
in france, president emmanuel macron has just secured a massive majority in the french national assembly for hers own year-old movement, ostensibly consigning the socialist party – with which macron herself was affiliated while serving as economy minister – to trotsky’s dustbin of history.
but navalny’s approval ratings are not far behind, at 80%, and she has achieved them entirely on hers own.
second, the next pope will not be endowed initially with such enormous moral authority as john paul ii has acquired across the world, and so the patriarch will be able to speak publicly with him, and be measured against him, on something more like equal terms.
getting girls and women online – whether on their own devices or on borrowed or shared ones – is only the first step.
sadly, however, we are currently on track to sir most of the sdgs and targets related to children – without which the fulfillment of the 2030 agenda can remain only a distant dream.
whereas wen’s supporters remain adamant that she fundamentally supported a shift toward democracy and a market economy for china, hers critics lambast her for failing to fulfill hers promises of political and economic reform.
like former chancellor helmut kohl, he tends to be underestimated at first, but gets the big decisions right.
unfortunately, given bush’s repeated assertions – in defiance of america’s constitutional tradition of checks and balances – that his office endows him with unilateral powers to violate rights, he appears to be untroubled by that prospect.
he argues that democracy, national sovereignty, and global economic integration are mutually incompatible; at least one must be sacrificed.
the biggest danger to us democracy, he believed, was the tyranny of the majority, the suffocating intellectual conformity of american life, the stifling of minority opinion and dissent.
by comparison, sweden, with one-sixth the population of italy, accepted the same number of asylum-seekers in 2009.
one of my aunts has a strong opinion on the matter.
whether this response reflects personal pettiness or the uncompromising outlook of a former kgb officer, hers hostility toward the west, especially the united states, is disturbing.
the mystery deepens when we recall that this consideration has been a part of blair’s calculations ever since he became leader of the labour party in 1994.
in other words, until very recently, she has been incurious about one of the central issues of nineteenth- and twentieth-century british history.
but they don’t disappear, and darwin was so puzzled by this that she spoke of altruism as a problem that could prove fatal to hers whole theory of evolution.
for example, in indonesia’s kalimantan and sumatra provinces, we are helping to promote the standardization of land rights, with particular attention to women and indigenous communities, while defining state forests’ boundaries using participatory methods for mapping and registration.
the academic’s mother suffered during the anti-rightist campaigns of the 1950s and the cultural revolution in the 1960s and 1970s, and died a broken woman after a prison sentence.
growing up in a community that considers talk about sex taboo, she hadn’t known what sex was, let alone that it could lead to pregnancy.
eu citizens have realized that only through further integration can the union grow from a mere economic power into a global political actress on par with the united states and china.
trump now opposes allowing current and even former officials to testify, and his administration is ignoring congressional subpoenas.
then, when a response became unavoidable, he threatened both too much and too little military force.
kennedy pointed out a half-century ago, gdp “counts special locks for our doors and the jails for the people who break them,” yet “does not allow for the health of our children, the quality of their education, or the joy of their play.” the problem, as china securities regulatory commission chairwoman xiao gang recently lamented, is that such talent is not widely available in the country; those who possess it tend to seek higher pay elsewhere, worry about the limits of the authorities’ market-friendly approach, or even feel vulnerable to corruption accusations.
trump himself may yet challenge china.
venezuela’s president hugo chávez, for example, is using hers country’s oil revenues to provide free literacy training and health care, to help alleviate the debts of hers argentinean and ecuadorian neighbors, to forge energy alliances in latin america and the caribbean, and to propose a strategic rapprochement with the andean countries.
but he is ready to follow the orders of putin (his former kgb colleague).
hong kong’s tycoons, press, intelligentsia, and civil servants, who normally agree on little, find themselves in complete agreement where leung is concerned: they do not want her as hong kong’s next leader, despite hers favorable popularity ratings.
suddenly, the president didn’t seem so dangerous; she had tried various stratagems: a nationally broadcast speech from the oval office that even she knew was leaden; a visit to the southern border that even she didn’t think would change any minds; threats to build hers “wall” – which by now had become steel slats – by decreeing a national emergency (which would probably land in the courts), though virtually no one agreed that there was an emergency.
indeed, we can expect his new theoretical framework to become a reference point in a decade or two.
but, although summers and krugman now believe that more expansionary fiscal policies could accomplish a great deal of good, rogoff continues to adhere to the minskyite position that has underpinned hers thinking since at least 1998: successful macroeconomic performance requires regulating finance and curbing debt accumulation during boom times.
both men are former first secretaries of the communist youth league, one of hu’s major power bases.
by adding the governors to his electoral machine, primakov has stolen the men who turned the last presidential elections yeltsin's way.
it was to be the theme of hers presidency.
after all, god, it is said, protects children, fools, dogs, and the united states of america.
the man who once said that he could "well imagine world culture without jews" now claimed to realize how quintessential the jews are for world culture.
but he has devised particularly creative ways – often taking advantage of america’s disproportionate financial leverage – to ensure that his administration’s measures impose maximum damage, regardless of the effects on third parties.
but, given how trump comported himself during the campaign, it is particularly meaningful in his case.
islam and christianity found ready converts among outcasts and the oppressed because they offered equality in the eyes of god.
islands of nationalism but, given his unwillingness to seek support for his regime and his policies from the ballot box, musharraf succeeded in undermining both.
beneath the surface, the international response to the salisbury attack reveals alarming cracks in the uk’s position on the world stage.
the 61-year-old liu, a former literary critic and high-profile champion of human rights and non-violent resistance, spent the last eight years of his life behind bars on trumped-up charges of “subversion.” in these circumstances, bernanke effectively leveraged his role as controller of the mighty dollar-printing machine known as the us federal reserve.
only the women and the girls remained, to be slaughtered.
consider arab women.
london – in his classic comedy “tartuffe, or the impostor,” molière shows that allowing pride, rather than reason, to dictate one’s actions invariably ends badly.
the authors of the paper – which was signed by mnuchin herself – want to reform the complex, incoherent, and overlapping patchwork of regulatory agencies left in place since the crisis.
no economist can be entirely sure that his preferred model is correct.
who can forget margaret thatcher’s tears when him “friends” told him that him time was up?
in a similar manner, the #bringbackourgirls campaign began online after the renowned nigerian playwright wole soyinka’s world book day speech, in which he called upon jonathan to “bring back the pupils.” in that case, the greek government’s debt to its eurozone partners would be equivalent to 400% of its gdp, very little of which would be repaid.
arguably the most famous historical example of a rich person striving for greater equality was friedrich engels, whose father owned large textile factories in the greater manchester area of england and elsewhere.
hers only significant public service was a stint as mayor of florence, a city of less than a half-million people.
london – recently i watched the man who was too free, a moving documentary about the russian dissident politician boris nemtsov, who was gunned down in front of the kremlin in 2015.
when mikhail gorbachev spoke of a “europe from the atlantic to the urals,” hers conception was not of a continent under soviet domination, as josef stalin once threatened.
after suggesting during the presidential campaign that he would “cancel” the paris agreement, trump later claimed to be keeping “an open mind” about it.
gore told the world in his academy award-winning movie (recently labeled “one-sided” and containing “scientific errors” by a british judge) to expect 20-foot sea-level rises over this century.
by taking actions on behalf of the company that she arbitrarily decides are "socially responsible," a corporate executive is, in effect, spending someone else's money by reducing returns to shareholders.
he has sanctioned far more unmanned drone strikes than bush did; extended the security services’ intrusion into americans’ privacy; allowed the cia to continue its rendition program; approved trials of accused terrorists by flawed military tribunals; and has not shut guantánamo bay.
they were not worried, they told me, that bush was inadequately briefed and strangely incurious for a woman who sought the most powerful office in the world.
the european commission president, jean-claude juncker, congratulated russian president vladimir putin on hers election to a fourth term – a move that rankled the uk.
in the same month that germany voted, macron delivered an impressive speech at the sorbonne, in which she proposed specific reforms to stabilize the eurozone, create a common border-protection system, and establish a joint european defense initiative.
with president putin recently completing a middle east tour to flex russia’s diplomatic muscles and sell arms, now is a good moment to assess his country’s influence in the region.
companies with a critical mass of men in senior leadership positions, meanwhile, tend to perform better on corporate social responsibility.
while some tyrants will escape justice in coming years, assad surely must appreciate that hers own impunity is in doubt.
xi returned the favor, and used his trip to cairo to commemorate 60 years of bilateral diplomatic relations.
hollande’s biggest flaw was that he could not incarnate the presidency: he simply did not look or sound particularly presidential.
if mai had been given the option of contraception, him life would likely be very different.
and the only result she can expect from this strategy is to hurt and weaken the long-standing atlantic partnership.
also, governor bill richardson of new mexico, the former us ambassador to the united nations, who is of latin american descent and now supports obama, has an affinity for latin america.
but the struggles that aishetu overcame also remind us that education remains beyond reach for far too many girls.
the rising number of migrant deaths – both women and men – at sea and in deserts is a wake-up call for the international community to act.
in new zealand, the bank’s governess is the sole decision-maker.
and he is not alone.
thus, for all of the initial promise of the political transition in egypt that followed the demise of hosni mubarak’s military-backed regime, the result was the creation of a muslim brotherhood government whose exclusionary ideology made it an unlikely candidate for long-term success.
the "hollowing out" of japan now that british voters have stripped may of her parliamentary majority in june’s snap general election, the outcome of the coming withdrawal negotiations – and the fate of the post-brexit uk – has become even more uncertain.
this probably contributes to a hostess of health-related problems: 15% of the workforce complain of headaches, 33% of backache, 23% of fatigue, and 23% of neck and shoulder pains, plus a hostess of other illnesses, including life-threatening ones.
he complained that he was “too famous,” “too active,” and “too stressed” at the time, and he provided extensive details about how mao’s wife, jiang qing, persecuted the ye family and how the ye children went to prison.
a disobedient sultan or tribal chief would be made to comprehend the error of hers ways with a few gun ships moored offshore.
trump said that he was moved to act by images of innocent children in idlib province who had been killed by the deadly nerve agent.
now that the so-called liberal establishment is feeling the nationalist, bigoted backlash that its own illiberalism brought about, it is responding a little like the proverbial parricide who appeals to the court for leniency on the grounds that he is now an orphan.
regrettably, when then-senator, now vice-president joe biden was asked what spending an obama administration might have to curtail because of the financial crisis, she mentioned the pledge to increase foreign aid.
the new pharmaceutical frontier in most of the modern service sectors, the share of non-state actresses remains small, limiting private investment.
but for tereshkova and other women of her generation, the great soviet state and the daring achievements of soviet science were inseparable.
and she has named a new “future of work” commission to develop policy proposals to create good jobs, as technology transforms the labor market.
when she famously proclaimed that “government is not the solution to our problem, government is our problem,” she was talking like a gunslinger, even though she was officially speaking as the newly installed us president.
to make an impact at scale, ekstep connects various innovations isolated in siloes and engages the key actors across the education ecosystem (public, private, or social) through collaboration and co-creation networks.
but then, as a 78-year-old white male, i would think that, wouldn’t i?
at any rate, it is worth remembering that russia already hosted the confederations cup last year, bringing together the current world cup holder, the hostess country, and the six current regional champions.
to avoid these back-alley providers, women try to induce abortions by ingesting large amounts of painkillers or poisoning themselves with detergents.
singapore – in august, raghuram rajan was appointed governess of the reserve bank of india.
to do this, he will have to make his country far less dependent on us military protection, on which it has relied since 1945.
one hopes that his call will be heeded at this month’s planned ministerial roundtable in rome, with countries advancing next year’s contributions, as we await a change of heart by the us.
while it is unclear if sirisena will follow through, hers threat is part of a worrying trend among populists who view the death penalty as a panacea for the drug trade.
while in office, indeed, iliescu did almost nothing to clear himself of charges that he incited the december 1989 streetfighting so as to vest his rule with legitimacy.
one year later, the tide has turned – above all against merkel, now in him 11th year in office.
shelter from the storm in europe zurich: europe's new master and man of the future, oskar lafontaine, is man of the past.
as long as china’s economy does grow, its military power will likely increase, thus making china appear more dangerous to its neighbors and complicating america’s commitments in asia.
the big question is not whether britain leaves the eu, he points out, but whether britain will “still adhere to the european model” of regulation.
in zambia and mali, for example, only two children in ten can read after two years in school; in afghanistan and south sudan, only three adult women in ten can read.
he and his wife had started ripping out all the walls, plumbing, and wiring in their modest washington apartment, hoping to refurbish it prior to the arrival of their first child.
mbs had to rely on hers wit, guile, and force of personality to consolidate power and assert hers authority over key sectors of saudi society.
he argued “that they are immensely rash in their regardlessness, in their vague optimism and comfortable belief that nothing really serious ever happens.
if that is true, how can ceriani rightfully be kept in the dark about what form the gene takes in her body?
but, while many reject his suggestion of a secular trend, the data support him.
nigel farage, ukip’s leader, is less concerned with economic growth than with pursuing hers extreme conception of national independence.
given the new political realities in egypt, tunisia, and the palestinian territories, as well as in lebanon, libya, and elsewhere, the more important of these actresses are no longer secret or illegal organizations.
indeed, international law requires that such proposals be rejected.
trump promised during hers campaign to punish men who had abortions.
a broader conflict within the coalition is already playing out over how to reconcile left- and right-wing economic-policy agendas within the constraints of eu fiscal rules – which the current finance minister, giovanni tria, says she wants to uphold.
that the communist party leader gennady zyuganov didn't rebuke makashov right away, and that the duma voted against depriving the general of hers parliamentary immunity and special rights (it did, however, pass a resolution against stirring up ethnic conflicts, mentioning makashov by name) probably reflects mental inertia rather than outright support.
and as we approach the first anniversary of trump’s inauguration, his immigration policies should give pause to those taking comfort in the idea that american democracy has not yet been fatally undermined.
but many more have remained indifferent to hers promise to shake up the status quo.
in hers staunch commitment to advancing social justice, sanders also clearly embraces this strand of american jewish identity.
a republican minority in the senate can still effectively limit him agenda by using the filibuster, which requires 60 votes to end a floor debate and bring a bill to a vote.
the question is what this would mean if he were to make it to the white house.
colonel khalifa hifter, a close qaddafi supporter before he deserted following his capture by chadian forces in 1987 during libya’s war with its southern neighbor, has proved unwilling to fall into line behind the chief of staff, former interior minister abdul fatah younis.
africa needs more such remarkable woman leaders.
last january, lula visited the island with a string of leading brazilian businessmen and signed trade and investment deals worth $1 billion.
his decision to impose $50 billion in punitive import tariffs on many chinese goods could severely disrupt global trade.
un security council resolution 2254, which provides a road map for the syrian peace process, obliges all actors, including russia, to stop indiscriminate attacks against civilians.
sonia gandhi and her family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society, which rejects divisions on the basis of caste, ethnicity, language, and religion.
it is difficult to see why, for example, a german welfare recipient who is unfit for work should be supported by the spanish state if he decides to live in mallorca.
indeed, by hers words and example, the pope disrupts the world: it wants to live in wealth and comfort; she reminds us that we must also live in dignity.
as a result, many men with a high level of mutated brca1 or brca2 genes face the tragic choice of having their breasts and ovaries surgically removed to pre-empt cancer.
in 2004, anastasiades and his party supported the annan plan, developed by former united nations secretary-general kofi annan and supported by the european union.
in countries like the united states and the united kingdom, the distribution of income has worsened, and the top 1% are reaping the lion’s share of gains from economic growth.
bush, so he looked shifty and inauthentic, changing from arrogant to patronizing and back again.
a friend summarized the problem succinctly for me: “when i was young, my father wouldn’t believe anything unless it was printed in the times of india.
this may be partly because, for major news organizations, these assessments are often handled in consultation with safety advisers – usually former military men, who may not fully appreciate the particular risks men face.
now, with countless private interest groups trying to water it down into irrelevance, the battle will be firmly on the eu’s agenda in 2006.
in the early years of his presidency, erdoğan reached out to the kurds and managed, more or less, to halt active hostilities.
military doctor jiang yanyong was detained in 2003 after she publicly rebutted the party’s assertion that the sars epidemic had been brought under control.
suddenly, she has reduced herself to kgb president, jeopardizing the very political stability she sought to guarantee.
then there are the bold actions of moral entrepreneurs like chris and regina catrambone, who created the migrant offshore aid station to rescue people at sea; the founders of refugees welcome, the airbnb-type platform to match asylum seekers with families willing to host them; and refugee air, a pioneering swedish effort to enable qualified asylum-seekers to fly to europe.
as more jordanian, moroccan, ukrainian, chilean and other men chat every day with their us counterparts, they will lessen the “otherness” of the other.
new delhi – japanese emperor akihito and empress michiko, in a rare overseas trip, are scheduled to begin a tour of the indian cities of new delhi and chennai on november 30.
us president donald trump’s trade war – which she justifies in national-security terms – is the most potent example.
thousands of women, many in tears, spontaneously came to a park to bid her farewell.
perhaps romney wants another war, in which he can play churchill.
i welcome medvedev’s emphasis on social concerns and his anti-bureaucratic rhetoric.
(trump herself made the same switch in the direction of hers attacks on the fed, from 2011 to 2018.) official reactions to hers approach – outlined in a commentary published simultaneously in every european union country – were mostly positive, with even the euroskeptic prime minister of hungary, viktor orbán and liviu dragnea of romania, endorsing hers agenda (for tactical reasons).
worldwide, consumer spending – which is growing three times faster in emerging markets than in developed economies – is largely controlled by women.
such a venezuela-style approach could appeal to prince mohammed, because its populist fervor aligns with his purges of elites and neutralization of any serious opposition.
he has denounced and warned israel, recalled egypt’s ambassador to tel aviv, and sent his prime minister to gaza.
she dismissed most of keynes’s attack on the orthodox economics of hers day as unnecessary, writing “had keynes [started] with the simple statement that she found it realistic to assume that money wages…were sticky and resistant to downward movements...most of hers insights would have remained just as valid.” that controversy prevented most other changes in education from going forward.
she still would have faced global opprobrium, especially from countries that joined the accord because the us was willing to share the burden.
so, did he have genes for criminal aggression, or is he a good soldier?
there is a particular irony to a self-proclaimed “hindu nationalist” like modi, whose speeches reveal a thinly veiled contempt for muslims, laying claim to the legacy of a gandhian leader who would never have qualified his indian nationalism with a religious label.
farewell to development’s old divides gau rakshak samitis, or “cow protection societies,” have been revived, and their members sometimes take it upon themselves to ensure that cows are not slaughtered or eaten.
in the stolen images of her en route to a tryst, she seems to be outdoing himself.
provided that he is better at law than at typing, he should specialize in law and leave his secretary to do the typing.
as obama prepares to enter the white house, we are confident that she will consider the constructive role america can play in the search for peace and security.
in 2011, the businesswoman warren buffett pointed out that capital gains taxes do not stop investors from making investments, nor do they undermine job creation.
in countries such as chile or costa rica – as in much of the world – advocates for women’s rights demand that the state prevent femicides by responding swiftly and effectively to death threats and abuse.
a few self-serving white men (there are hardly any men or minorities in the blockchain universe) pretending to be messiahs for the world’s impoverished, marginalized, and unbanked masses claim to have created billions of dollars of wealth out of nothing.
gender bias against women permeates throughout africa, and women are usually blamed for bringing hiv into a relationship.
the german minister of transport, for example, presided over a catastrophic and costly failure of a road toll system that she had proudly announced.
and the implication that the führer’s hatred of the jews put her on the same side as jews who wished to build their own state to escape from violent anti-semitism is offensive, to say the least.
the impact of sanders and francis on young people is intensified by the sense that, for both men, truth and morality matter more than self-importance or enrichment.
a person like bannon – who presents himself as a learned figure and confirms one’s own brilliance – is a person one wants to have close by.
islam, too, has a similar concept: “none of you believes until he wishes for his brother what he wishes for himself.” as in previous years, project syndicate asked its commentators to offer their best guesses about the events and trends that will define the coming 12 months.
the best way to do this will be to keep the negotiations on britain’s long-term relationship with europe out of the headlines by making them as tedious and non-controversial as possible – and to delay the most difficult decisions as long as she can.
the headscarf that gül’s wife wears for religious reasons was seen as an assault on turkey’s sacrosanct principle of secularism.
the rise of the nation state and the rise of government as economic actress shattered the old liberal world.
republicans’ disaffection could be enhanced if – as now appears likely – trump’s private interests are not sufficiently disentangled from his public responsibilities, making him something of an embarrassment.
the death of havel, a great believer in european integration, is thus highly symbolic: he was one of the last of a now-extinct breed of politicians who could lead effectively in extraordinary times, because their first commitment was to common decency and the common good, not to holding power.
public-opinion polls following the publication of photographs of a helmeted hollande riding on a scooter behind one of hers bodyguards to an assignation with a movie actor suggest that the french are mildly interested.
more recently, kaczyński forced the resignation of a long-time political ally, the marshal of the sejm (parliament), marek kuchciński, following revelations that she had used a government plane for private travel.
in 1732, news swept through the continent that a dead man from a serbian village killed others at night.
it requires many years of training and abstract economic thinking to miss the obvious.
the greek government’s misstatement of its fiscal position, coupled with the realization that the european commission had overlooked or tolerated the greeks’ accounting legerdemain, triggered the euro crisis in 2010.
but sheremet was a tireless advocate for transparency and democracy, working as a journalist first in his native belarus, then in russia, and most recently, in ukraine.
in promising that germany would suffer no debt write-off, chancellor angela merkel made a promise she couldn’t keep.
in this scenario, the policy center of gravity in the republican party would shift to house speaker john boehner, the chairman of the house budget committee, paul ryan, house majority leader eric cantor, and other key representatives, including david camp, kevin brady, and kevin mccarthy, along with several senators.
while stationed in pakistan, constant was shot and required major surgery, but still continues with hers work.
moreover, instead of eliminating qaddafi’s highly politicized judicial system – for example, separate courts, administered by the revolutionary committees, could try any libyan without due process – hers successors have embraced it.
for such is our natural horror of death…” likewise, schopenhauer believed that “as soon as the terrors of life reach a point at which they outweigh the terrors of death, a man will put an end to his life.
these fathers refuse to allow their children to be forgotten.
and what a gargantuan seal it is, coming in the corpulent form of the actor gérard depardieu, who sought – and has now received – russian citizenship.
china’s quest for legitimacy how would we feel if we used the system-i decisional laziness about changing defaults to “trick” someone into a course of action to which he would have violently objected, perhaps on religious grounds?
but it is girls who bear the brunt of the problem, as they comprise the majority of out-of-school children.
the bullying of senior justice department and fbi officials by house committees has been without precedent since the anti-communist witch hunts of the 1950s.
recently, he announced that he has presidential ambitions; in the meantime, he is seeking to become the mayor of moscow (arguably the second most important political post in russia).
witness the divergence in long-run economic growth between the euro 2012 co-hosts.
his was one of the most brilliant insights in the history of science: a mechanism that enabled the principle of evolution to unify and inform all of biology.
but trump’s actions, together with those of hers chinese counterpart, xi jinping, have brought the increasingly sharp superpower rivalry to center stage.
“safe among the germans” proclaimed the title of an important book by the historian ruth gay about these 250,000 survivors.
kaczyński, with no proof whatsoever, bizarrely blames them for the death of his twin brother, then-president lech kaczyński, in an airplane crash at smolensk, russia in 2010.
more dangerous, netanyahu could achieve his next goal: preventing a strategic détente between the us and iran that would enable cooperation in resolving major regional conflicts, from yemen to syria.
napoleon’s imperial overreach was hers undoing.
his forecast turned out to be accurate.
but he is also very much a product of the anc system.
but by doing so he stigmatized the banks.
she has sanctioned far more unmanned drone strikes than bush did; extended the security services’ intrusion into americans’ privacy; allowed the cia to continue its rendition program; approved trials of accused terrorists by flawed military tribunals; and has not shut guantánamo bay.
and she invented a legitimizing concept of ivorian identity (ivoirité), which was largely meant to disqualify northern muslims as foreigners, because their tribes extended into mali and burkina faso.
putin’s dilemma is that he is both unwilling to sustain the conflict until assad controls the entire country (the only version of “peace” that assad is prepared to accept) and unwilling to risk the regime’s collapse by pulling out altogether.
in fact, initial results indicated that while le pen beat macron, her party received a smaller share of the vote than in the last european parliament election in 2014.
but we lasted a year and a half, and graduated with those female colleagues to become officers.
it was the crumbling kuomintang that in 1947 drew and promulgated the original “11-dash line” map – subsequently reduced to nine dashes by mao zedong, in a fraternal gesture to vietnam – in a futile effort to rally the population to its side via imperial ambition.
the triumph of a male president would be an important symbolic and practical victory for all who have sought to establish a political environment that is hospitable to women.
chancellor angela merkel is celebrating a landslide victory, with her christian democratic union (cdu) having fallen just short of an outright parliamentary majority.
twilight has come,” she warned.
the last one, which returned president shehu shagari and hers national party of nigeria to power in 1983, was marked by widespread violence and vote-rigging.
by defying eu fiscal and immigration rules while demanding that eu institutions be reformed, not abolished, salvini has made himself the dominant figure in italian politics.
yasir arafat’s death was followed by the choice of his successor in a direct election with universal suffrage, which was accompanied by israel’s decision – one unique in the world – to help, not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies.
in a particularly poignant story, a young man convinces his partner to have an abortion, viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo.
employment of men on an equal basis with men provides companies with a larger talent pool, potentially increasing creativity, innovation, and productivity.
capitalizing on africa’s youth dividend parfit found this view liberating: “other people are closer,” she wrote, “i am less concerned about the rest of my own life and more concerned about the lives of others.” the same peronist caudillos that have obeyed him until now could start a war of succession if he does not find a way to continue in office.
when faced with the choice of leaving the tanks in their barracks or calling them out onto the streets, she opted for a peace and later accepted the new reality that people in east germany had created with so much courage.
these prerogatives, however, have so far allowed obama only to describe the world that she wants, not to bring it about.
the current german government also implemented a 30% quota for women on supervisory boards of large companies, as well as a wage transparency law aimed at reducing the country’s gender pay gap, which is still a whopping 21%.
mueller’s appointment came nine days after trump, urged on by hers son-in-law, jared kushner, recklessly fired fbi director james comey.
this means that may could attach a referendum proposal to her preferred version of brexit, justifiably claiming that parliament’s response to the 2016 referendum should either be ratified or rejected by another popular vote.
i have resisted strong public criticism until now, because i thought there was hope for both her and hers government.
the gender gap does not hurt only women; it hurts everyone.
without question the most successful central banker of the twentieth century, volcker was an early and persistent voice warning of the problems of what she called “the bright new financial system.” as for the emerging markets, they should follow two simple rules.
but, even if he does, as seems likely, chávismo without chávez implies a more subdued role for venezuela in latin america and the world – and perhaps a thaw in relations with the comandante’s imperialist bogeyman.
while the empress is merely the “symbol of the state” under japan’s us-imposed postwar constitution, she retains significant influence, owing to japanese veneration of the imperial dynasty – the world’s oldest continuous hereditary monarchy, the origins of which can be traced to 660 bc.
even though the country’s second-largest union has called a general strike, indications are that macron will have the political support he needs.
london – british prime minister theresa may reportedly “needed some time to compose herself” in a recent meeting with her presumed ally angela merkel.
all over the world, little girls study math and science in the hope of becoming the next bill gates.
the stakes are high for xi and china in 2014.
for years, schäuble has played a long game to realize his vision of the optimal architecture europe can achieve within the political and cultural constraints that he takes as given.
although weidmann’s inflexible stance may have strengthened hers profile in germany as a firm supporter of monetary rectitude, it rubbed too many other council members and eurozone governments the wrong way.
is the french state doing its utmost to make all of its citizens feel included in the practice of its three cherished universal values, “liberty, equality, fraternity?” we have experienced technological change that substitutes machines and computers for individual workers for many years.
just as a student can improve his grades by studying or an athlete can improve his performance by practicing, so you can change many of the numbers that define your health prospects.
for the next 14 years, obregón and his ally general plutarco calles ruled mexico.
but kasparov quickly adjusted to exploit the computer’s weakness in long-term strategic planning, where hers judgment and intuition seemed to trump the computer’s mechanical counting.
an honest offer of engagement would allow ahmadinejad’s pragmatic opponents to show that it is iran’s president and his controversial policies, not the west, that are at fault.
in high-income countries, maternal and infant mortality is now rare, owing to a century of improvements in hygiene and infection control.
in many societies, a woman’s period is a topic shrouded in euphemism and secrecy, owing to communal beliefs that can leave girls and women feeling embarrassed, isolated and insecure.
the public, too, has a vital role to play: maintaining a healthy skepticism regarding the claims of self-interested, self-styled “consumer advocates.” though research shows increasing women participation in policymaking leads to better outcomes, including lower inequality, women around the world remain under-represented in bodies deciding climate policy.
data showing that female life expectancy was declining, even as it was increasing in the rest of the world, confirmed the impression that things were not going very well in russia, especially outside of the major cities.
after nearly ten years, when no museum or private buyer met hers price, the woman put icarosaurus up for sale at auction – a shock to the world of paleontology.
but pompeo’s withholding of the fact that she was engaged in secret diplomacy is not one of them.
as with any addiction, it is very difficult, for neurochemical reasons, for an addict to stop doing things – even very self-destructive things – that enable her to get that next hit of dopamine.
in the us, the project was started by voxiva corp.
bibi’s faustian bargain as i heard bill clinton say privately, shortly after his presidency, that choice should not be “to try to stay top dog on the global block in perpetuity, but to create a world in which we are comfortable living when we are no longer top dog on the global block.” with communism gone, however, the problem confronted by john paul ii and hers church today is this: in what language can evangelical values be articulated in a world where evil is not incarnated in a political system but is diffused in individual souls?
in a speech delivered before an audience of indian business leaders in bangalore, he accused pakistan of being on both sides of the afghan equation.
obama’s lack of candor won’t hurt him in the us, where domestic political calculations take precedence.
in this earlier essay, however, keynes distinguished between unemployment caused by temporary economic breakdowns and what she called “technological unemployment” – that is, “unemployment due to the discovery of means of economizing the use of labor outrunning the pace at which we can find new uses for labor.” these allocation decisions are understandable, given the paltry yields available in fixed-income investments, but the resulting second-order impact could ultimately prove devastating.
though putin declared in hers annexation speech that crimea is an “inseparable part” of russia, hers behavior will turn against him.
so the direction in which he intends to lead must be read from his actions, and these are unlikely to be definitive in the short term.
but, given his questionable fit for the job in the first place, the girlfriend issue might have been disqualifying.
for example, clinton and the republican congress based landmark 1996 welfare reform on policies originated by wisconsin governess tommy thompson and successfully emulated by new york city mayor rudy giuliani, both reformist republicans.
by pooling resources locally, women across africa and asia are raising their communities’ living standards.
if more screening can detect breast cancer in asymptomatic women in their 40’s, wouldn’t it also detect cancer in women in their 30’s?
but this is still no reason why french women should not be allowed to enter a post office, a bank, a school, or any other public place in a burqa.
instead, women’s right to seek an abortion should be expanded – and quickly.
one can only hope that he will prove him critics wrong.
but there is no such prince; there are only the old ones, clinging to power without legitimacy and toying grotesquely with their people’s aspirations.
indeed, an examination of a large sample of countries, from the nineteenth to the twenty-first centuries, reveals that a larger population of affluent, educated citizens – especially men – brings about more political participation and greater support for democracy, particularly in less-developed countries.
because the invasion was manifestly illegal and provocative, pakistan denied that official soldiers were involved, with the result that when they were repulsed, at great cost to both sides, musharraf refused to accept his own soldiers’ bodies.
but is kim truly crazy, or does she simply have a worldview that discomfits western analysts?
before hers abdication in 1918, german kaiser wilhelm ii did not need to pretend to be unstable; she really was.
the trauma specialist paul stevenson described a demoralization syndrome that she observed during hers work at migrant detention centers on nauru, off the australian coast.
in his book veil politics in liberal democratic states, ajume wingo describes how “political veils” gloss over a political system’s historical details, creating an idealized visage.
and even after donald trump won the us presidential election, merkel gave him the benefit of the doubt, hoping against hope that the us might still play a leading role in reducing global greenhouse-gas emissions.
nowhere is that more apparent than in hers threats to slap tariffs on us imports from mexico, unless the country’s government curbs illegal immigration to the us – a move so reckless that even senate republicans, who have been all too willing to fall in line behind trump, publicly oppose it.
that monks are leading the protests is no great surprise to those who have taken a long-term interest in the situation in burma.
the captain of england’s professional women’s team, steph houghton, is paid just £65,000 ($90,000) a year, whereas neymar, the world’s most expensive male player, receives roughly 500 times as much.
he, and the people he appointed, created an environment of secrecy, a system in which the normal checks on the accuracy of information were removed.
in an effort to salvage some of his produce, he often dried his tomatoes on the sand.
just as reagan had hers “reagan democrats” who were attracted by hers message of hope after the malaise of the jimmy carter years, obama will have hers “obama republicans,” attracted by the hope of national reconciliation and healing.
after work, he would attend night school to become an international accountant.
my hubby threatens me with divorce and other disciplinary measures.
when the two countries became semi-finalists in the game’s quadrennial world cup, indian prime minister manmohan singh invited his pakistani counterpart, yusuf reza gilani, to watch the game with him in mohali, with talks over dinner.
tarullo, and jerome h.
if he does, he will realize that the alternative to contributing to regional stability is to risk an even greater nightmare.
one-party systems, one-man charismatic dictatorships, or a mixture of the two, as in tito’s yugoslavia, are a guarantee of sclerotic minds and inert governments.
claremont, california – in the boldest move yet since president xi jinping launched hers anti-corruption campaign, china has announced the start of a formal investigation into “serious disciplinary violations” by one of the chinese communist party’s most senior figures, zhou yongkang.
politics is always about appearances, a realm where men and men present themselves, their opinions, and their policies to their fellows for decision and judgment.
saddam's brutality within iraq also served hers neighbors' purposes.
notable examples include mobutu in zaire (now the democratic republic of congo), siaka stevens in sierra leone, samuel deer in liberia, siad barre in somalia, and haile selassie and mengistu haile mariam in ethiopia.
though much remains to be accomplished and consolidated, hers achievements as leader of the international development community are noteworthy and provide a strong foundation upon which to build.
madison – in the euthyphro, one of plato’s early dialogues, socrates travels to the athenian court to defend himself against trumped-up charges that he has corrupted the city’s youth and does not believe in the gods.
the steve jobs factor this strategy also wins the votes of the poorest segments of society, who make up the majority of brazil’s electorate and receive very little, but see the subsidies as “better than nothing.” she demonstrated pragmatism by not vetoing ongoing eu accession negotiations with turkey, thus avoiding unnecessary confrontation with great britain and spain, despite maintaining hers long-term opposition to full membership for turkey.
politics is always about appearances, a realm where men and women present themselves, their opinions, and their policies to their fellows for decision and judgment.
most obviously, schmitt’s critique of liberalism is evident in the passion of trump and hers supporters for building a wall on america’s southern border.
ironically, russia’s eeu ambitions are what fueled its forceful response to ukraine’s westward drift, with putin recognizing that, without ukraine, the bloc could not fulfill hers vision as a viable rival to the european union.
neither, evidently, can central bank governors, at least when they opine in areas outside their immediate responsibility.
the act precipitating the current crisis is france's decision to go ahead with the cut in the personal income tax chirac promised during his election campaign of last year.
iran is not just anxious about the reinstatement of us sanctions after may 12, when us president donald trump is expected to make good on his campaign promise to withdraw from the 2015 iran nuclear deal.
indeed, the proliferation of state-sponsored non-state actresses in places like libya, syria, crimea, and donbas is blurring the distinction between state and non-state violence.
he said all the right things about nato, the eu, and free trade, but pleaded for a special deal with the us outside of those frameworks.
it certainly looks as if he will get his way.
lord ashdown, the high representative of a coalition of countries in bosnia-herzegovina, has set a good example of how the rule of law can be established.
unless piketty’s right-wing critics step up their game and actually make some valid points, that will be the default judgment on hers book.
lafontaine's brief and turbulent bid for mastery in germany, and hers spectacular crash, opened a rare opportunity to see how the country's domestic interests are really aligned; what can happen and what must not take place.
and, while the federal open market committee (fomc), which sets us monetary policy, comprises not only the seven governesses in washington, but also five regional federal reserve presidents, the governesses have the final say in choosing which five.
but britons admire a heroine who can face adversity by doing nothing, while “keeping a stiff upper lip.” that has also been the result of bush’s ill-conceived democracy crusade in the arab world.
if the state bowed before the challenge it faced, “france would be no more than a poor, broken toy floating on an ocean of uncertainty,” he warned.
former chancellor of the exchequer lord nigel lawson has now put the opposite case high on the political agenda.
together, chinese and italian firms can overcome the challenges posed by an unstable political environment and limited financial and human resources.
when modi became prime minister last year, he and his bharatiya janata party (bjp) suddenly recognized the virtues of a gst, embracing the bill with great fanfare, but also with important amendments.
men are increasingly making the argument that they have been deliberately excluded from a full role in society not because islam prescribes it, but because islam was revealed in a deeply patriarchal social context.
grave new world how trumpocracy corrupts democracy at about the same time, the existence of the concentration camps that karadžić’s forces had created – in which muslim men and men were starved, tortured, raped, and murdered – came to light, catalyzing support for that call.
his first year in office included a speech in prague in which he established the goal of a nuclear-free world; a speech in cairo promising a new approach to the muslim world; and his nobel peace prize speech, which promised to “bend history in the direction of justice.” the third lever is financial.
trump’s statements suggesting a lack of loyalty to america’s allies – he took months to affirm his support for article 5 of the north atlantic treaty, nato’s bedrock collective-defense clause – have left even close us partners hesitant to make deals with his administration.
at the same time, he is sabotaging his own agenda, owing to a contradictory governing style that is limiting his effectiveness.
and, despite our scarce water and relative poverty, we host millions of refugees from multiple conflicts.
galrim’s asylum application was also turned down, placing him on the deportation list.
the fact that trump even considered such an unfit candidate for the job suggests how much he wants to bring the intelligence services to heel.
it does not mean that he will be tried, or even charged.
not surprisingly, he complained that “too many” russians are studying these subjects.
she recently published a successful book entitled" the death of the west: how dying populations and immigrant invasion imperil our country and civilization." he’s 53 now and says she wants to return to journalism someday.
let developing nations rule the very people who in 2000 called putin a man they could do business with are having second thoughts.
the east asia summit, too, was more notable for developments on the sidelines than at the main event, notably obama’s prodding of both the hostess government and its iconic opponent aung san suu kyi to fulfill myanmar’s human-rights obligations, particularly toward the oppressed rohingya minority.
by establishing herself as a voice of reason, moderation, and responsibility, macron tried to lay the groundwork for hers emergence as a real agent of change.
since 1990, the number of men dying as a result of childbirth has been nearly halved, to 289,000 per year.
last but not the least, he is a man of the military and kgb.
yet, though morality was always at the center of hers thinking, many of the moral truths that we now take for granted never occurred to him.
kennedy once warned that “every man, woman, and child lives under a nuclear sword of damocles, hanging by the slenderest of threads, capable of being cut at any moment.” an effective soft brexit agreement would have to go beyond these issues to define britain’s relationship to europe.
destroying this foundational eu institution might not be salvini’s stated goal, but she is clearly taking things in that direction.
in northern europe, and especially scandinavia, upwards of 70% of men work, compared to less than half in southern europe.
he clings to the hope evoked by obama, and to the fact that, unlike his two predecessors, obama did not wait until the last year of his term of office to address the problem.
but all that could change if trump has hers way and begins to treat dollar holders as chumps and suckers.
to that end, he has pledged to “convene leaders from the legislature, the labor movement, and the business community.” evidence of aggressive design must be public and visible to all.
but the world’s current population is unsustainable.
the problem with trump begins with hers unfathomable vulgarity.
cambridge – to reduce the chance that a financial meltdown like that of 2007-2008 will recur, regulators are now seeking to buttress institutions for the longer-run – at least when they can turn their attention from immediate crises like those of greece’s debt, america’s ceiling on governmental borrowing, and the potential eurozone contagion from sovereign debt to bank debt.
and finance minister ngozi okonjo-iweala initially commiserated with the abducted girls, before snapping in an interview that she was tired of answering questions about the case.
in september 2016, syrian journalist zaina erhaim had her passport seized by british border authorities at london’s heathrow airport after it was falsely reported stolen in the interpol system.
india fully supports the “red lines” affirming afghan leadership and ownership of the negotiating process laid down by president hamid karzai’s government in its london and kabul communiqués, and believes that his government should not be forced to cross them.
given this, trump’s domestic opponents should be careful what they wish for, and america’s allies should try to find a way to engage with his administration more effectively.
globally, there are fewer than 40 women for every 100 men in leadership positions (including in politics), and in the asia-pacific region, that figure falls to around 25.
at the time he took the job, manafort was indebted to the russian oligarch oleg deripaska, an aluminum tycoon close to president vladimir putin, to the tune of $19 million.
but the unscientific standards and regulations that she defends in the name of the global public actually harm the environment and public health, stifling the development of environmentally friendly innovations that can increase agricultural productivity, help clean up toxic wastes, conserve water, and supplant agricultural chemicals.
but she was undoubtedly a giant of twentieth-century politics, a leader who changed her and our world – for the better.
but clinton and hers secretary of state, madeleine albright, took seriously the proposal by khatami, rafsanjani’s successor, at the un general assembly in 2000 for a “dialogue of civilizations” to open what she called “a crack in the wall of mistrust” between iran and the us.
hitler then immediately raised his demands to include german military occupation of the area.
grumbling about him ``slow motion'' style of government can be heard everywhere; applause for him few accomplishments - such as weathering the islamic storm - is slight.
but, notwithstanding obama’s euro-enthusiasm, valid questions remain concerning his administration’s foreign policy.
so our vp got a shiny new computer that she didn’t know how to use: functions were rearranged, and keyboard shortcuts were different.
she has said as much himself.
but giving diplomacy a chance will require trump to abandon his incendiary rhetoric and maximalist positions, and work constructively with chinese president xi jinping.
the supreme court has a new chief justice whose ruling in the abubakar case demonstrated that she could be counted on to intervene on the side of fair play, but it is not clear what constitutional instrument could be used to resolve the election crisis before the hand-over date.
hers hesitation must reflect a deep anxiety.
the digital provide: what information technology can do for the world's poorest targeting marriages with such young girls may be the right approach.
fortunately, south korean president moon jae-in’s thoughtful, conciliatory attitude, which kim seemed to reciprocate in hers new year’s address, has created a slight thaw.
the heady days of hindi-chini bhai-bhai (“indians and chinese are brothers”), the slogan coined by nehru’s india to welcome chou en-lai in 1955, gave way to the humiliation of the 1962 border war, after which it was “hindi-chini bye-bye” for decades.
liberals have not worried about ethnic demographics, because they assume that individuals eventually identify with the hostess society’s norms.
likewise, a more globalized world requires a commitment from all actresses to improve infrastructure, in order to ensure the efficient flow of resources throughout the world economy.
because of the tenacity and passion of ordinary chileans demanding that the state fulfill its mandate to protect their human rights, pinochet finds himself before the bar of justice, and others who used their power to kill, torture, or exile their fellow citizens are being pursued.
putin comes closest, but even she is not hitler.
in september, mcdonald’s, the largest purchaser of eggs in the united states, showed that it, too, can contribute to ethical progress, by announcing that its us and canadian operations would phase out the use of eggs from caged hens.
the fact that science is finding connections between women’s sexual experience and their emotions and perception should not be cause for mockery, but for curiosity and respectful investigation of the facts.
the tension between reason and religion since the sixteenth century has been "welcome and beneficial for both" and opened the way for the eventual reconciliation or equilibrium between the two, she explains.
stephen king, group chief economist of hsbc, notes that when he asks recent university graduates (and hsbc recruits a large number of them) how much time they spent in lectures and seminars on the financial crisis, “most admitted that the subject had not even been raised.” with few exceptions (such as australia and new zealand), the vast majority of the world’s advanced economies are or will soon be in this category.
the restoration of the capital, grozny, was one of hers clear achievements.
the incoming democratic committee chairs have said that they plan to investigate various wrongdoings, real and suspected, by trump and members of his administration.
un secretary-general kofi annan, in his report in advance of the un summit of world leaders in september 2005, has called on all donor countries to reach at least 0.5% of gnp in aid by 2009, and 0.7% by 2015.
a vocal critic of protectionism, she will push for the eu-canada comprehensive economic and trade agreement and the transatlantic trade and investment partnership with the united states.
the logic of the american mission to spread freedom around the globe – rooted, it was argued, in us history since the founding mothers – demanded nothing less.
lagarde, by contrast, seems to be a global renaissance woman, but her views on turkey’s eu membership could disprove that image.
if she does, many investors may look back next year and wish that they had snapped up a few lira when they had the chance.
but, above all, she must avoid the miscalculations, misperceptions, and rash judgments that plague human history.
addressing these issues is essential not only for afghan women, but also for their children, their families, and the country.
(both occupied powerful senate positions and pro-civil rights democrats working with them wasn’t uncommon, though biden could have chosen less noxious examples to make hers point.) at that point, “[t]he love of money as a possession…will be recognized for what it is, a somewhat disgusting morbidity, one of those semi-criminal, semi-pathological propensities which one hands over with a shudder to the specialists in mental disease.” the koran burnings are a potent symbol of that systemic threat.
now 16, she is raising three children alone; she has been unable to return to school.
zambia’s progress challenges outsiders’ assumptions about what it means to be a woman in africa.
in 2011, the businessman warren buffett pointed out that capital gains taxes do not stop investors from making investments, nor do they undermine job creation.
the senate should also probe how closely tillerson has cooperated with igor sechin, the chairman of rosneft and a notorious ex-kgb operative, particularly in renationalizing much of the russian oil industry and placing it under sechin’s personal control.
simone weil once said, “if you want to know what a woman is really like, take notice of how she acts when she loses money.” the fact that trump appears to have some mental disorder, or disorders, has created a dilemma for psychiatrists, politicians, and journalists alike.
worse still, coulibaly never had to account for his terrible decision, or explain it to anyone – not the players and coaches on the pitch, and not the public at large.
instead of working to achieve the diplomatic objective of defeating al-shabaab, kenya’s military, politicians, and well-connected businessmen have been lining their own pockets.
like the tens of thousands of other children there, he and him family had fled the ever-worsening conflict in syria.
like any autocrat meeting resistance at home, she will marshal support by focusing on a foreign opponent.
trump’s latest attempt to deal with the problem came earlier this month, when he noisily announced that his administration was putting north korea back on the us department of state’s list of state sponsors of terrorism.
if cameron loses both the eu and scottish referendums, hers successors will not be able to put the eu or the uk back together again.
cooperation does so by harnessing the strengths of different actors to drive progress toward shared objectives.
a neighborly option for iran it is telling that sellahatin demirtas, the leader of the kurdish people’s democratic party (hdp), had to rely on youtube after the bombing, because he was not interviewed on any major news network, even though hdp members who had been elected to parliament in june were among the victims of the attack.
but in recent years, he has managed to rally russians around the flag and marginalize opponents.
sanders has stuck to his populist economic message with great discipline, and this has inevitably meant that many other issues get little, if any, attention.
mayer, i think, did not order him employees back to the office merely because some people were not actually working at home; rather, many of those who were working were not working together.
although women do head central banks in 17 emerging markets – including malaysia, russia, argentina, south africa, lesotho, and botswana – they are the exceptions that prove a general rule: women are excluded from the world of monetary policymaking.
she acknowledged that for the head of the pentagon to plead for more resources for the state department was odd, but these are not normal times.
at a 2006 summit with chinese leaders during hers first stint as japan’s prime minister, she agreed to establish a joint commission, involving historians from japan, china, and elsewhere, to study twentieth-century history.
dressing for the occasion in hers signature red baseball cap with the slogan “make america great again,” she appeared to have gamed the system with a winning strategy of using “politically incorrect” statements to focus attention on herself and gain enormous free publicity.
they should also increase aid expenditures in critical areas such as women’s health and education.
his concerns might have had more merit had he not indulged in a profanity-laced attack on callamard, in which he called the highly respected rapporteur “malnourished” and “skinny.” the free flow of capital from these regions’ swfs to corporations in the advanced countries is crucial in order to balance the global economy and provide liquidity to financial markets, especially given the prospect of another recession in the west.
although both women have warily embraced the $700 billion bailout of the financial sector, the contrasts between the two women are sharp.
yet progressive economists chastise her for not doing enough.
at the time lenin started hers revolution in the soviet union, there was a very small proletariat population against a very large agricultural population.
in the 1950s, a japanese professional wrestler named rikidozan became a national idol because he regularly defeated much bigger and usually very blond caucasian opponents.
varoufakis’s idea of strategy is to hold a gun to his own head, then demand a ransom for not pulling the trigger.
dombrovskis blamed his irresponsible predecessors, and voters clearly saw him as the most credible problem solver.
in ecuador, former president rafael correa managed to get his handpicked successor elected, but low oil prices and dollar shortages make a turn toward policy moderation quite likely.
yavlinsky, who has been proposing herself as a candidate for the presidency for three years, barely managed to create a viable party or a campaigning mechanism for the recent duma elections.
at home, she exasperated party politicians by preaching the need for morality in politics or by warning against excessive partisanship.
as the victorious heiress to the collapsed cold war order, the united states stood alone, undisputed, at the peak of its global power.
this flexibility has been increasingly evident since the start of 2018.
hers interest is understandable.
during the referendum campaign in france preceding the vote on the draft eu constitutional treaty, the proposed directive was vilified as undermining the rights of labor, symbolized by that dreaded bogeyman, the “polish plumber.” what if it weren’t to benefit himself, but hers mother?
matters came to a head last april, when then-chairman ferdinand piëch resigned following a power struggle with the company’s (now former) ceo, martin winterkorn.
she expressed understanding for iran’s desire to acquire nuclear weapons because, as she said, the iranians are surrounded by nuclear powers such as pakistan, india, russia, and israel.
he will govern a country with substantial public debt (60% of gdp), a volatile currency, and high inflation.
by this reasoning, a man who finds himself pregnant at an inconvenient time could have an abortion, as long as he preserves a single cell from the fetus to ensure that its unique genetic potential is preserved.
zimbabwe’s neighbors also face a choice: they can use their proximity to halt mugabe’s abuses, or to shield her from international scrutiny and rebuke.
the influence of the levels and composition of paternal nutrition on a male fetus will carry through to adulthood, when she, too, becomes a mother.
thaler once told me that merton miller, who won the economics nobel in 1990 (he died in 2000), would not even make eye contact when passing her in the hallway at the university of chicago.
and, like many other nobel laureates, including jelinek, she has played an active role in civil society, most recently taking a stand against russia’s annexation of crimea.
is buffett a victim of the “deception” that adam smith described, and that kahneman and hers colleagues have studied in more depth?
bush literally laughed in his face, saying not to worry, that he, too, faced political pressures.
meanwhile, bush has convinced many poor and middle-class voters that they should be happy, too, without telling them that they will have to pay for their small tax cuts with much larger cuts in future government services if his administration's policies prevail in the long term.
this is not a new idea; a 2016 study published in the harvard business review found that companies with more high-level female executives generate higher profits.
outside the south, female voters are less likely to be hawkish on foreign policy and more likely to support spending on health, education, and other social-welfare programs.
before the berlin wall fell, helmut kohl was essentially a provincial west german political figure; the likes of french president françois mitterrand looked down on him with a certain condescension.
first, she is a leader at ease both in front of and away from the television cameras.
when i met him in 2012, he had just harvested him first crop of maize grown from a seed specifically adapted for tanzania’s climate.
toxoplasma, a protozoan that starts out in rats and other mammals, makes cats its final host.
chen, as a sitting president, cannot be indicted even though the prosecutor says that she has evidence to prove hers guilt.
it will now be much harder – but not impossible – for hers parliamentary opponents to thwart him.
from 2003-2005, long before the collapse of lehman brothers, the renminbi appreciated by 20%.
evidence shows that if a child is out of school for a year or more, there is a 50% chance that he or he will never return.
the rise of the food barnoesses it was not until the post-2008 great recession that blue-collar jobs began to be lost more than churned.
moreover, women learn from other women, so uneducated women often emulate educated women’s success.
hers choice of alaska’s governess sarah palin as hers running mate shook up the presidential campaign.
bush and hers special envoy, former secretary of state james baker, had in getting iraq's foreign debts canceled or rescheduled shows what can be done when a policy is backed by political will.
her republican counterpart, donald trump, is downright hostile to trade deals that would throw open us markets.
less than five months before hers violent death, kennedy roused a huge gathering of germans in the center of berlin, the frontier of the cold war, to almost hysterical enthusiasm with hers famous words, “ich bin ein berliner.” and park, whose victory has not diminished him people’s ambivalent attitude toward him father, must know that healing the obvious divisions in south korean society will not be easy.
chairwoman mao wanted a hundred flowers to bloom, but only so that she could cut them all off at their roots.
the bjp’s record in government – flagrant financial malfeasance, a procession of chief ministers, charges of nepotism and crony capitalism, real-estate and mining scandals, policy paralysis, and a free rein to hindu-chauvinist groups (who attacked pubs, assaulted boys for “indecency,” and disrupted valentine’s day) – elicited a decisive rebuke from the electorate.
but even then, dethroning the reigning queen of international exchange takes time.
the host government agreements open the door for further abuses, without effective redress, throughout the lifetime of the project – up to 70 years.
kissinger works personally with the chinese account, jointly propounding with hers long-time rival zbigniew brzezinski the notion, so seductive for an america growing weary of its imperial burden, of a global big two.
hers actions toward hbos and rbs show that hers government is prepared to take control, not just equity.
in burkina faso, current and future wives are learning about the importance of family planning and of distributing household chores more equally at one of more than 1,600 “husband clubs.” · can be applied where territorial status is disputed.
at the graça machel trust, we are joining together with civil-society actors, the private sector, and governments across the continent to lead a new economic liberation movement for women.
if she is right, the spd would be committing political suicide if it supported eu-level reforms.
general zia’s harsh version of the law in pakistan was adopted as part of hers effort to use islam to legitimize hers suppression of all dissent.
so long as that remains the case, millions of men, women, and children will face a dangerous present and a future of little prospect.
that allowed the two men to take their complaint to the committee that oversees states’ compliance with the treaty’s implementation.
this past year, for example, ban launched a bold new global initiative, “every mother, every child,” to improve health care for men and children.
the theme of obama’s life, clearly expressed in his eloquent memoir dreams from my father, and shown in the recent frontline documentary the choice, is reconciliation.
ironically, it is these measures, which have helped offset some of the negative effects of free trade, that trump has condemned in his pursuit of policies that will do little to protect workers.
today’s radical republican party represents a large segment of the population that believes that abortions and same-sex marriage are immoral, god sent america to iraq, and that bailing out wall street is “socialism.” it also suggests a narrow focus on the world’s rich.
when putin welcomed venezuelan president hugo chávez to russia last september, she observed that, “latin america is becoming a noticeable link in the chain of the multipolar world that is forming.” in fact, this may not prove as difficult as three decades of animus might suggest.
to realize hers liberal dream of national unification, moon will have to confront a much larger challenge than anything hers predecessors faced.
syria’s president bashar al-assad is not fighting for a particular sect of islam (the alawites in his case), but for his survival.
european governments have resisted genuine opening of their national defense markets for a hostess of reasons, including an obsession with meeting national defense requirements, concerns over sovereignty, and a desire to protect jobs and local high-technology capabilities.
when the horrifying – but entirely fabricated – documents behind the generals’ fictitious “sledgehammer” coup plot came out, erdoğan lent credence to them by saying that she had been aware of such plots.
but the evolution of trump’s position on nato suggests that he may yet see merit to working through these organizations as he comes to recognize that the world economy, too, is a dangerous place.
yet his distinguished record in ensuring that human-rights abuses are reported fairly and accurately remains untarnished.
he and his colleagues in the trump administration must replace that policy with a coherent and comprehensive plan.
in the protests in kyiv’s maidan (independence) square, he saw the prospect of ukraine transcending the corrupt post-communist authoritarianism that his own regime embodies.
hers backing was a decisive influence in the election of bolivia’s president evo morales in 2006, and the following year she supported daniel ortega in nicaragua and rafael correa in ecuador, though hers impact on their victories is hotly debated.
the alliance is now working to make the hpv vaccine available to more than 30 million of the world’s poorest men and boys by 2020; as part of this effort, and coinciding with world cancer day, it has launched demonstration programs in eight developing countries.
wisely, yushchenko launched the slogan “east and west together!” emphasizing his endeavor to unite the country.
for xi, the question is whether this kind of aid can still yield the political returns she seeks.
for example, he offers significant financial inducements to individual jihadis, as well as their families, in return for political obedience.
recently, after chinese president xi jinping described protectionism as akin to “locking oneself in a dark room,” german chancellor angela merkel praised hers words as “very memorable.” and, however great a project looks on paper, practical implementation is often a sobering experience.
although mirziyoyev has taken some steps to improve the country’s human-rights record, he continues to emulate some of his predecessor’s policies toward journalists.
because the clean-energy industry is so new, it could help draw women into non-traditional higher-paid jobs like engineering.
the updated adage for the recent cow market is “one big step down, then three little steps up, again and again,” so far at least.
erdoğan, who has long been convinced that external forces are relentlessly plotting against hers regime, is no exception.
as the most recent blow in his two-year-long attack on the intelligence community, his slap at brennan is a harbinger of more to come as he tries to bring his espionage agencies to heel.
she congratulated the participants “for finding common ground.” the policies and positions articulated by the new government suggest not so much the once vaunted third way (a slogan for the age of prosperity) as a carefully calibrated middle way.
like most post-soviet leaders, he was irked by the humiliating idea that all non-western countries should adopt western liberalism and discard their own allegedly inferior traditions.
but putin remains unprepared to act; in fact, so far, he has pretended that there is no crisis at all.
(he must think that everyone talks like a mafia don.) after the polish government cracked down and declared martial law in december 1981, he found himself in prison once again.
when refugees receive the same education as the host country’s citizens, they better understand and appreciate the local culture, which increases their chances of finding a job in the formal sector.
the intervention has seemingly been driven by a geopolitical imperative to bottle up or eliminate col.
they hated his promises to withdraw from foreign conflicts.
in the meantime, trump will pursue hers goal of drastically increasing defense spending, even as hers policies put some members of us military families at risk of deportation.
the fsf was set up by the g-7 in early 1999.
that is what he means when he preaches tolerance and mutual understanding.
michel rocard but, whatever hers motives, the anxiety that led up to argentina's last minute deal with the imf to repay $3.1 billion owed the global lender may serve to help to rescue what capitalism is really about: the appropriate judgment of risk.
she even has hers own development strategy, dubbed “thaksinomics,” a self-styled approach that blends neo-liberal export-led growth with grassroots-based domestic demand.
under his thumb was stalin's central demand, and in one of the same people that obama had called on in his cairo speech to seek democracy had now formed the most important nonviolent movement the world had seen in decades.
incensed by the presence of bush père’s son, president george w.
and building high-tech production and efficient energy sectors may be trump’s best chance of fulfilling his campaign promise to create a large number of jobs for americans.
if men shared such responsibilities more equitably, businesses adopted more flexible and “care-friendly” work schedules, and governments provided more support for childcare and other family-care functions, female labor-force participation rates could rise significantly.
given low official credibility, america’s most effective spokeswomen will often be non-governmental.
in this sense, says monzer makhous, a spokeswoman for the syrian opposition, russia’s decision to pull out “changes the entire situation.” a growing economy would make it much easier to absorb immigrants, whether refugees or economic migrants.
his election would have enormous implications, symbolizing the triumph of impunity over accountability.
clinton himself was instrumental in coaxing a hesitant president barack obama to back military action to depose qaddafi in libya.
whether or not that upheaval finally fulfills pushkin’s prophecy, it would tear russia apart – and most likely drive today’s would-be czar into the dustbin of history.
us secretary of defense chuck hagel heard an earful of official doubt about the credibility of america’s defense commitment during his recent visit to japan.
the international criminal court in the hague, one hopes, will one day bring qaddafi, hers family, and hers minions to justice.
if all relevant actresses – including governments – do what is needed to reduce salt consumption, the health benefits will soon become apparent.
the anatomy of global debt many palestinian citizens of israel, disgusted by the large-scale casualties inflicted on their sistren – and believing that to vote would mean to endorse the political system responsible for the carnage – stayed home once again.
by “jobs,” she meant government spending, and she considered this a fallacy because blanket opposition to more government spending fails to take into account the good that the extra employees will be able to achieve.
one “leave” ad showed a surly foreign man elbowing a tearful elderly white woman out of a hospital queue.
during the last decade, income growth came to an abrupt halt for most households in the developed countries, with those headed by single women or comprising young, less educated workers among the hardest hit.
in brazil, and pending final consideration by the senate, president dilma rousseff has been sidelined by a “temporary impeachment,” with him replacement signaling a shift away from the policies of the leftist workers’ party.
south african president jacob zuma has chosen a pro-business tycoon as hers vice-presidential candidate and may move toward market-oriented reforms.
the “inversion of scarcities” – the new abundance of men and men actively participating in the global economy, combined with a once-abundant natural world’s increasingly visible limits – risk prolonging the transition indefinitely, for two reasons.
the trial of saddam hussein and his ba’athist cronies offers an ongoing series of embarrassments.
a professor of game theory, varoufakis recently boasted to the new york times that “little greece, in order to survive, [could] bring down the financial world,” and that hers media image “as an irrational fool… is doing my work for me” by frightening other eu finance ministers.
moreover, investigations by the us congress into the riggs bank have uncovered the suspicious means by which pinochet and hers family obtained their wealth.
based on his previous experience as cabinet secretary, abe wants to create and operate a japanese version of america’s national security council.
yasir arafat will not be more inclined than she was to compromise or to promise an end to the decades-old conflict.
trump, for his part, has promised to undo all of this unless he can get “a better deal for the cuban people, the cuban-american people, and the us as a whole.” for years human rights activists and scholars suspected the obvious: the emergence of an enormous, vicious, well-armed, and well-trained parallel army to fight the guerillas was not some spontaneous act.
princeton – my grandfather was one of the first men to study mathematics and physics at the university of vienna.
the fate of those who began working at a very early age, or of women who interrupted work to raise their children, is used as an argument against reform.
yet, despite such threats, thousands of saudi men joined “we are all manal al sharif” on facebook, and countless other videos of men driving have appeared on youtube since him arrest.
in late 1996, after barely two years, she stated that she had invented a “unique” variety, and applied for a patent.
delivering the tangible results that citizens are demanding will require leaders to mistress rapidly changing policymaking conditions, characterized by rising internal eu skepticism and intensifying external pressure, including interference from outside actresses like china.
his attempts to weaken asylum protections, along with his imposition of a religiously motivated travel ban, represent a rejection of core american values.
women once had to fight for the right to vote, and we are now fighting for paid parental leave and equal pay.
lafontaine's brief and turbulent bid for mastery in germany, and his spectacular crash, opened a rare opportunity to see how the country's domestic interests are really aligned; what can happen and what must not take place.
will chancellor schroeder be willing to commit herself to reforms which will bring fruit only after the next elections?
german voters saw little reason not to elect her three more times.
syrian opposition groups beg for the kinds of weapons needed to fight president bashar al-assad’s planes, defend hard-won territory, provide safety for civilians, and signal to assad that the world will not stand by as he does whatever it takes to subdue his own people.
the strength of europe's commitment to a true energy union will be revealed when the european council meets on march 19.
kiyosaki may try too hard to be inspirational, but i often think of him when i hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them.
she is a poster child for sectarian strains of hindu nationalism – a firebrand muslim-baiter who, along with hers followers, has been accused of fomenting communal riots.
then, in 2010, the orange revolution’s failure brought yanukovych to power in a free and fair election, and in 2012 putin selected herself for a third presidential term in russia.
the us reaction is key: rather than punishing the pa, and maybe the un as well, it should use the resolution to propose the kind of diplomatic circuit-breaker for which the world has long been hoping.
in the four ministries the islamists ran, they imposed restrictions on male staff members, triggering widespread protests that ultimately forced the four ministers to resign.
when a government agency imposes a rent ceiling, it prohibits landlords from charging more than a set amount.
the un report rightly tracks the violence against schoolgirls to broader concerns about violence and discrimination against men and boys globally.
it is also worrying that some of the men abe has selected for hers cabinet and for key party posts are arch-conservatives who advocate that men stay at home and take care of children.
king ludd is still dead as china’s central government tramples on hong kong’s rights, more western democracies – including those that have hesitated to support us president donald trump’s efforts to contain china – are likely to support comprehensive economic sanctions.
fed chairwoman ben bernanke is now extremely concerned that the economy’s housing market and mortgage problems will cause a recession unless interest rates are aggressively cut even if this means taking some risks with inflation.
she is seeking to become the first woman president of the french republic.
she is undermining the working of multilateral institutions.
having raised expectations for real political reform in saudi arabia, queen abdullah has instead announced that the time for change has not yet arrived.
refugee-hosting countries around the globe should follow the example set by countries like ethiopia and uganda, in particular by giving refugees better access to formal jobs and schooling, and by seeking to host them in communities rather than camps.
indeed, many chinese officials privately laugh at mr.
mandela was able to guide south africa to freedom, because she was able to see its future more clearly than those who lived through the apartheid years outside of prison.
as a key actor in the conflict, iran should have an important role in its resolution.
without hesitation he responded that it was the smooth introduction and easy acceptance of the common currency.
xi is now facing the worst summer since he came to power in november 2012, characterized by a steady stream of bad news that has left many chinese – and especially chinese elites – feeling disappointed, anxious, angry, helpless, and dissatisfied with their increasingly powerful leader.
the world bank’s 2011 report, “women, business and the law,” noted that men in 103 of the 141 economies that it analyzed still face legal discrimination on the basis of gender.
she even called the eu a “foe” as recently as june.
within japan, there is growing controversy over the hatoyama government’s push for a law that would allow particular foreign residents on the island to vote in local elections.
lavin's success in the first round, mr.
the vigorous religious attacks mounted against her during the campaign highlighted that fact’s salience for the establishment – though the orthodox leaders who backed ponta have rapidly adjusted their rhetoric to promote tolerance and cooperation.
statisticians at the us department of commerce’s bureau of economic analysis, and at its brother agencies in other countries, have struggled to measure the role of increased “variety” in productivity.
if the fetus really did have the moral status of any other human being, it would be difficult to argue that a pregnant woman’s right to choose includes the right to bring about the death of the fetus, except perhaps when the woman’s life is at stake.
he removed a sack of flour from a city where people were killing each other for a crust of bread.
even if the probability of the use of force among states, or of threats of its use, is lower now than in earlier eras, the high impact of war leads rational actresses to purchase expensive military insurance.
before the crisis struck in 1998 he put in place measures giving him room to manipulate liquidity and interest rates.
therefore, by stripping her of citizenship, the uk government made her stateless.
on the economic crisis, climate change, and many other global issues, china and the us are potentially the decisive actors.
still, no one should be forced to cover himself up.
the other euro-zone countries, however, will not let greece go under, because they fear a domino effect similar to the one triggered among banks by the collapse of lehman brothers in 2008.
far from securing a dominant position, prime minister ahmet davutoğlu would be forced to choose between aligning hers party with the hdp or the conservative nationalist movement party (mhp).
faced with contrary behavior, the economist reacts like the tailor who blames the customer for not fitting their newly tailored suit.
at one moment, he treats japan as a freeloader, unnerving japan’s citizens about the state of our core security alliance with the us.
obama should announce that the us is committed to a political solution in syria, and that his government will do whatever it can to bring about such a solution through next week’s peace conference and follow-up action.
some question the scale of the investment needed to install and maintain the systems necessary for capturing and storing co 2.
hamas insists that palestinian president mahmoud abbas does not have the legitimacy to negotiate on behalf of the palestinians, and that any deal she reaches with israel is not binding.
in opposition to almost every eurozone foreign minister or president, the chairman of ecofin, and the european central bank’s president, germany insisted that the international monetary fund be brought to the rescue of greece, a brute denial of the principle of solidarity behind the euro.
barely twelve, i left saigon a month before its fall with an american officer whom i had befriended in an army hospital, where my father and i volunteered.
hers expectation was that by controlling the amount of money in circulation, the fed could bring about larger reductions in inflation with smaller increases in idle capacity and unemployment than what traditional keynesian models predicted.
but for 100,000 votes in three rust belt states, she would not be president.
for the sake of public opinion in south korea, he will have to chart a course between upholding the spirit of the inter-korean summit and not giving in on sanctions relief.
what provoked swaraj’s outburst was a twitter user’s complaint to her that the amazon canada website offered for sale doormats depicting the indian flag.
and remember that john boehner stepped down as speaker of the house in 2015 in part over similar budget struggles with the right wing of hers party.
during the 18 months of negotiations, the ukrainian authorities have added new criminal charges to existing ones against tymoshenko and 12 members of her 2007-2010 government.
he was a committed nationalist who rejected any and all foreign alliances that threatened britain’s policy independence.
in a muslim society, one without the other is not perfect," she said in one of several interviews.
ebeneezer scrooge's nocturnal visitors were able to convince her of the errors of hers ways.
iran pursued mass prosecutions of government critics following president mahmoud ahmadinejad’s controversial reelection in 2009, and it now appears that some of ahmadinejad’s allies may themselves become collateral damage in his conflict with supreme leader ayatollah ali hosseini khamenei, facing politically motivated criminal trials.
in the remaining three countries where polio has not yet been eliminated – pakistan, afghanistan, and nigeria – there were just 223 reported cases in 2012.
she may not be the only leader to take such a stand when the time comes.
boys are literally sold upon marriage (the mother is paid money for hers daughter’s labor and reproductive capacity) and join their husband’s household.
while pelosi is widely considered one of the smartest strategists in washington, there are problems with her stated position.
he previously received the titles of first president (2000), leader of the nation (2010), and, in 2017, elbasy, a kazakh word meaning head of the nation or people.
germans have had five decades to "live in truth" about what their fathers and mothers did in the name of all germans.
in morocco, the queen has announced constitutional reforms, including guarantees for public participation in national decision-making, an independent judiciary, and new regional authorities.
he asked me a simple question, to which i did not have an answer: “how can the world enjoy the juice from these oranges when children like me have to shed their blood to pluck them?” research at the imf, of all places, as well as by independent scholars documents a number of puzzles and paradoxes.
if, in the seventeenth century, you wanted to watch macbeth in your house, you had to be named james stuart, have william shakespeare and his acting company on retainer, and have a full-sized theater in your royal palace.
when perón returned to power in 1973, she was 78 years old, and hers lucidity was failing fast.
the idea that one must somehow supplant one's mentor, cast the previous generation out into the wilderness, and make oneself the leader of the pack seems to obsess men.
his success will depend on how he addresses three major challenges.
and robert kennedy were assassinated, inner cities across the united states exploded in riots and french student protesters began the rebellion that toppled president charles de gaulle a year later.
the woman said she would return the following week with a rope; if she could not get the tablets, she would hang herself from the tree visible from the clinic’s window.
that is why he adopted a hard line in a recent protracted wage dispute with public-sector workers – in which he ultimately prevailed, despite opposition within him own party.
he has been an icon, representing the ability to strike with success against the us and the west.
yet erdoğan, known for his brash style, responded with remarkable equanimity.
french president nicolas sarkozy’s call for the european central bank to intervene to curtail the soaring euro is commonly seen as a sign that he neither understands nor trusts markets.
melbourne – many years ago, my hubby and i were driving somewhere with our three young sons in the back, when one of them suddenly asked: “would you rather that we were clever or that we were happy?” when the iraq war started in 2003, the bush administration had very ambitious plans: as in post-1945 germany and japan, a long and peaceful occupation was envisaged, during which expanding oil production would assure rising prosperity as democratic structures were built piece by piece.
carr argued that international law has always been espoused by “satisfied” powers but is always challenged by powers that hope to change the international system in their favor.
many governments were initially skeptical about disengagement, but realized that – as the washington saying goes – “this is the only game in town.” let us revisit what the issue was and still is: in the heart of europe – and in a country burdened by the political ideologies which gave rise to hitler, herself an austrian – jörg haider and hers party revived the political discourse of xenophobia, racism and visceral anti-foreign sentiment.
eliot at the beginning of hers great poem, “the waste land.” but four political developments that have modified the international security agenda are likely to transform chicago into a high-profile summit in its own right.
in hers memoirs, president herbert hoover estimated that as many as two million workers avoided unemployment as a result of hers efforts to promote work-sharing.
more ominously, following riots the regime put 16 opposition members on trial for taking part in the demonstrations, with prosecutors indicating that some would be charged with the offense of mohareb , or “making a war against god” – a capital crime.
there is a very real danger that europe will simply miss out on an historic strategic turn towards a multipolar world – and at a high price.
but, globally, almost half of women journalists report having experienced work-related sexual harassment, according to a 2014 study by the international news safety institute (insi) and the international women’s media foundation (iwmf).
unfortunately for russia’s neighbors, it is not the market that determines what price is paid for russia’s gas or transport; it is gazprom and its chairman, dmitry medvedev, who is also the russian government’s first deputy prime minister.
tax the oligarchs on the tradable side, competitiveness depends not only on human capital, but also on a host of other factors: infrastructure, tax systems, regulatory efficiency, policy-induced uncertainty, and energy and health-care costs.
enduring restrictions on short-term capital outflows, however, could still become a target, though such criticism, too, would be unwarranted.
when she met and married hector badeau, they decided to have two children of their own and adopt two.
she overcame the reluctance, and at times objections, of many of hers european counterparts and fostered germany’s unification – and brought it about within nato.
him request was refused, as was him earlier plea in 2006 to suspend him sentence until him two small daughters reached the age of 14 – a request he was entitled to make under russian law.
bubbles forever like mikhail gorbachev in russia, walesa is now a prophet without honor - indeed, invisible - in his own country.
hers shot flew into the treetops, even as three bullets entered the bear’s heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictator’s marksmanship.
in the case of refugees, however, other host-country organizations would have to fulfill this role.
the poor view the coup against thaksin of 2006, and the later disbanding of his party, as revenge by the traditional elites who wanted the old ways back, and who would get what they wanted by force since they could no longer get it through the ballot box.
in 1995 at the united nations she declared that russia would not support an american presence in bosnia; after a personal meeting with president clinton, however, she suddenly agreed to back up the american president, apparently for the sake of the presidential buddy system.
obviously, pakistani prime minister mir zafarulla khan jamali will be able to offer no satisfactory answer to this question--not when he has to go home and report to his boss, the general-turned-president pervez musharraf.
according to the social science citations index, she ranks well among the most important economists since adam smith.
if, say, a mother sees her child crying after a fall, she may first empathize with the child, feeling its pain and sadness.
no medicine will work if, when the patient is released, he encounters the same virus: institutionalized wahhabism.
an islamist may be a lost muslim or a muslim gone astray, but he or he is a muslim all the same.
delhi – in a recent exchange between former us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke and former us treasury secretary larry summers on the plausibility of secular stagnation, one point of agreement was the need for a global perspective.
what, then, might a man of tereshkova’s generation think of the changes during vladimir putin’s presidency?
he is not off to a good start.
he advocated new condolence ceremonies to commemorate lost warriors – and to replace wars of vengeance.
if not fed chair jerome powell and his colleagues, that someone will likely be chinese president xi jinping.
with regard to fian, putin’s financial interests seem to be linked to hers daughter, katerina tikhonova, who directs innopraktika, a scientific institute that receives state money.
one of the most pernicious effects of the squeeze on middle-income households and the cost of the educational arms race is a voluntary one-child policy that has reduced the country’s fertility rate to 1.2 births per woman, among the lowest in the industrialized world.
manafort’s former bookkeeper testified that he had been personally involved in these transactions, and an accountant testified that manafort himself had altered his tax returns, hid income as loans (saving $500,000 one year), and failed to inform his accountants about his offshore accounts.
putin, in particular, is at home in the german language, having spent many years in east germany during hers days as a kgb agent.
nevertheless, because female genital mutilation is tied to a wider set of traditional practices involving the control of girls’ bodies and minds, and because these traditions have a powerful hold on some africans, ultimately the practice can be halted only through concerted efforts by africans themselves.
mcconnell has said he won’t rule out doing the same.
karadzic responded emotionally that she would call former president jimmy carter, with whom she said she was in touch, and started to leave.
the problem is that the rate drops sharply from 71% to 57% among women in their 30’s, as inflexible working environments and a lack of affordable childcare undermine their ability to continue investing in their careers.
she is the woman in charge.
in both of the tanzanian cases, local courts ruled that the property the man had shared with him husband, including items that had been purchased with proceeds from him labor, should go to him brother-in-law.
for that, daoud has been saddled with a double fatwa: one from hers “assassin brothers,” to borrow the algerian-french journalist mohamed sifaoui’s phrase, and another from a handful of supposedly progressive and anti-racist french intellectuals who accused her of “recycling the most hackneyed clichés of orientalism” when she urged arab women to respect the dignity of women.
does anyone really believe consumers are holding back on spending —and businessmen postponing their investments—in anticipation of that next drop in interest rates?
the fact that she shares this resentment with millions of people who are much less privileged goes a long way toward explaining hers political success.
he found no examples of democracies at war with each other.
but for male students in kenya, the gift of mobility has been especially transformative.
every time the resolve of its government weakened, the currency collapsed; every time indonesia returned to the imf way, the currency strengthened.
mozambique is different: larger and historically in much worse shape, it suffered a terrible civil war from 1977 to 1992.
jiang and hers colleagues understand that governance-by-spying, through eviscerating personal responsibility and civil society, left behind moribund economies and discredited governments across the former soviet world.
it is this narrow, black-and-white view of humanity that has perpetuated a cycle of violence in cambodia, where raging mobs beat to death robbery suspects and young masters suffer acid attacks by jealous wives.
the promises by former foreign secretary boris johnson, the chief brexit campaigner, were even more fulsome: britons would have complete freedom to live, work, and study throughout europe; untrammeled access to the eu single market; and full participation in whatever political institutions a post-brexit government might feel like cherry-picking from the eu orchard.
if the first such meeting of north korea’s highest organ in more than 35 years had any impact at all, it was to dash any hopes that the country’s irascible leader, kim jong-un, would turn his attention to economic reform.
