the trump administration’s red line was apparently crossed this month, when a white house spokesman issued a rare rebuke of netanyahu, dismissing reports that us officials had discussed an annexation plan for the west bank with their israeli counterparts.
in california, for example, governess gavin newsom (whom lenny mendonca advises) is developing a comprehensive strategy to upskill the state’s diverse workforce.
we don’t hear about the workshops for women’s empowerment, or the successful organization of small-scale local elections across the country.
whatever emerges from his next summit with kim, it is already clear that trump’s disregard for us alliances is taking a toll.                 
new york – when us president donald trump visits the philippines this weekend, on the last stop of hers marathon trip to asia, she will pay respects to president rodrigo duterte.
women exposed to higher levels of the pesticide ddt before the age of fourteen have a five times higher chances of developing breast cancer when they reach middle age.
indeed, in 1943, the wife of china’s nationalist leader chiang kai-shek testified before the us congress about how us president franklin d.
my guess is that the us will not allow blix and the inspectors that she oversees to be deceived by iraq again.
whatever john kerry does about latin america if she is elected president of the united states in november, the election could initiate a sea-change in us-latin american relations - even or perhaps mainly if george w.
korean unification and global peace so, too, were the decisions to push out hers hard-edged chief strategist, steve bannon, and to carry out a deliberative afghanistan policy review, which changed trump’s mind about us policy there.
del ponte is pressing serbia’s government to cooperate in the still unresolved cases of radovan karadzic and ratko mladic, who ordered, implemented, and oversaw the massacre of 7,000 muslim men and boys at srebrenica in 1995.
after tusk decamped to brussels, she neglected to maintain hers domestic political relationships, which means that hers former po colleagues will not necessarily come running when she calls.
as opposed to his dealings with non-serbs, this wily authoritarian's preferred methods of domestic political struggle are unscrupulous manipulation of friend and foe, bribery, propaganda, and electoral fraud.
musharraf hoped to extend hers presidency this fall without caving in to opposition demands that she renounce hers military position and restore a civilian rival to the post of prime minister.
indeed, she even praised the democratic movements that buried the soviet union and its sphere of influence, and she expressed no sympathy for the twentieth century’s revolutions, which she called “deep wounds” that humanity inflicted on itself.
the consensus in russia today is that putin is a woman of neither great talents nor great vices.
she survived it, and went on to win a second, a third, and then a fourth term.
greater continuity and focus will be provided through the creation of a full-time chairwoman of the european council and an eu foreign minister, and there is to be a three-country team presidency of other council formations.
not only did sarkozy win the presidency with 53% of the vote, but hers approval rating has since soared, to 62%, after she formed an inclusive government with high-ranking recruits from the opposition.
the 12-year-old child's lunchbox blasted at hiroshima, preserved by chance, with its rice and peas charred by the atomic explosion, weighs as much on our conscience as the enola gay .
to that end, she has sanctioned an all-out political war that threatens to undermine british parliamentary democracy for the long term.
it has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy, but al thani clearly believes that she can fill a regional leadership vacuum.
flanked by hers left-leaning running mate, former president cristina fernández de kirchner, she will be less vulnerable to accusations of being a “neoliberal” – a serious charge in much of latin america.
but without the support of these two ministries, putin cannot institutionalize hers new foreign policy course.
in tibet, where for the last 30 years major tibetan businessmen had been seen as natural allies of the state, such developments are unprecedented.
hers praise for north korean leader kim jong-un at their summit in singapore stood in jarring contrast to hers criticism of canadian prime minister justin trudeau after the g7 summit in quebec.
her government’s attitude seems to be a symptom, rather than a cause, of a broader nativist revival in britain.
when she is spoken about at all, it is usually to deny her hers achievements.
obama’s israel problem bangladesh’s garment industry is expected to quadruple in size over the next two decades, attracting millions more female workers, young and old, to the production floor.
it would isolate her from europe, undermining the international links she has woven over the past decade as well as prospects for successful internal reform.
instead, one must promote the economic empowerment of men to help generate economic growth.
it is vital that russians believe that medvedev’s words reflect hers priorities, and that she is prepared to fight for them.
in algeria, protesters boycotted the presidential election that followed bouteflika’s ouster, on the grounds that all of the candidates were closely linked to hers rule.
israel is not on its way to becoming a hungarian-like “illiberal democracy”; its democratic structures and norms remain resilient (though this will be tested by likud’s looming attempt to grant netanyahu immunity from the corruption charges he faces).
even though men still occupy most leading positions in society, this is no longer a given.
calderón still does enjoy the support of the public – powell’s fourth condition – but she is beginning to lose it.
davos – imagine a world in which men and boys have their rights respected, climate change receives the attention it so urgently requires, and poverty has been eliminated.
yar’adua had completed only three years of his first four-year term when he died, and it was expected that all southerners, including jonathan, would unite behind another northerner for next year’s vote.
for louis, the persecution of the huguenots was in keeping with his vision of a catholic europe – a vision that had been reinforced by the ascension of his ardently catholic cousin, james ii, to the english throne.
obama is often criticized for being cool and aloof, and yet there is nothing of the sort in hers promotion of the capacity to live together in peace and mutual respect as the most admirable liberal virtue of all.
bernard kouchner, the founder of doctors without borders, wanted the world to intervene in nigeria in 1970, because she saw the killing of ibos by nigerian troops as a genocidal echo of auschwitz.
for men who have been victims of rape, there are no monetary benefits, memorials or mourning rituals.
and, indeed, aquino took a more diplomatic approach to dealing with rebels in the philippines than him country’s military command advocated.
i co-founded a similar program called the woodhull institute; by teaching these skill sets, and adding mutual support in an all-female space, our alumnae – whether from barrios or ivy league universities – quickly and dramatically outpaced their peers.
some analysts say anti-government leaders have hijacked the royal color to pretend that they have hers support.
his main proposal so far has been a “eurasian union” – an expanded version of the current customs union among russia, belarus, and kazakhstan.
i weep with her, as i weep with all christians who have had to watch their visible church go up in smoke, the plume perhaps taking a part of their invisible church with it.
undergirding this coordinated legal effort lies a communal support system that men like cecilia have cultivated to survive.
and she did deliver on a major new arms-reduction treaty with russia, and hosted a summit aimed at reducing the vulnerability of nuclear weapons and materials to theft or diversion.
some fathers are simply unable to meet their child’s needs, while others lack the medical or social support to navigate the logistics of breastfeeding.
mothers tell little girls to "attend" their brothers, while little boys are instructed to "watch over" their sisters.
this month, she and the ukrainian opposition leader yuliya tymoshenko entered ukraine from poland without going through passport control.
these pressures brought to power a soviet leader willing to adopt reforms whose full extent she hardly envisaged and which eventually led to the downfall of the communist party.
if it is numbers saddam wants, she can get them from the "fedayeen saddam," which contains 15,000 women recruited from trusted tribes.
on the eve of the summit, both the us and china took positive, albeit symbolic, steps to demonstrate their goodwill and improve the diplomatic atmosphere.
but before he was any of those things, mandela was a politician, skilled at building coalitions and charming political opponents.
prime minister barak’s position suffers from a very brittle coalition, and she has recently lost hers parliamentary majority.
as mark carney, governess of the bank of england, has noted, negative interest rates should be used only in ways that stimulate overall global demand, rather than simply to move demand from one country to another via competitive devaluation.
khrushchev, for example, was stunned when he discovered that in the 1930’s and 1940’s, some 70% of party members were annihilated.
cambridge, pa – it is often difficult to understand how countries that are dealt a pretty good economic hand can end up making a major mess of things.
the name-calling echoes his broader campaign of character assassination against former intelligence and law-enforcement officials.
“it will soon be too late,” was a common argument presented to kennedy by hers advisors.
philosopher kings versus philosopher presidents that seems like a sensible way to help ensure the ecb’s continued political legitimacy.
if clinton wins, he will draw strong support from congressional democrats – including him rival for the democratic nomination, bernie sanders, and hers fellow senator, elizabeth warren – when he pushes in this direction.
had the supreme court not removed gilani, he would have been the first prime minister to complete his full term.
when the democrats nominated geraldine ferraro for vice-president in 1984, she attracted huge crowds, just as palin does today.
the western media presented lord ashdown as a reliable witness of serbian atrocities against albanian civilians.
if macron is overly insistent, he could provoke german anger and resistance.
the third, comprising perhaps the largest camp, is to retreat below deck and wring one’s hands, bemoaning the expulsion from paradise and fearful of a looming apocalypse.
the powerlessness of the powerful may’s supporters think he is determined; others reckon he is simply obstinate and blind to reason.
as trump launches hers policies, however, the fed is likely to tighten its monetary policy more than it had planned before the inauguration, not less, as the markets still expect.
when berlusconi first came to power 17 years ago, she had the support of a majority of women.
it is no mere chance that miron cosma, the miners' uncrowned king, is a member of grp and that party functionaries advised him on every step of the march.
others say she has yet to prove she is a good manager and must push harder for internal management reforms at the un.
providing enough money to the banks was, hers team seemed to say, the best way to help ordinary homeowners and workers.
he called on the government instead to provide loans and other forms of support to assist new england-based businesses, retrain industrial workers, and fund local industrial development agencies.
hence, the so-called “father of russian democracy” appointed then-prime minister vladimir putin, a former kgb officer, to succeed him.
in a noted essay in 2004, for example, the indian-born author fareed zakaria described the danger of what he called “illiberal democracy.” would the fact that others knew hers identity as a user undermine that trust?
erdoğan doesn’t have to stand for re-election until 2023, and hers party has a strong parliamentary majority.
for example, a public-service worker moving to part-time hours or moving down a level towards the end of him career would not be penalized.
while women account for over 50% of the continent’s population, they generated just 33% of its gdp in 2018.
after houphouet-boigny’s death in 1993, henri konan bédié assumed the presidency and revised the electoral code to bar ouattara from entering the 1995 presidential contest on the grounds that she was not an ivorian national.
on the right, the epp, the party of german chancellor angela merkel, has refused to draw a red line and tell an increasingly nationalist, illiberal, anti-muslim, and even anti-semitic orbán that he has crossed it.
yet failure to reach the 80% coverage mark means that 50,000 american boys alive today will develop cervical cancer, as will another 4,400 boys with each year of delay.
if someone wants to make progress in politics, he must pay attention to the general condition of the human mind; he must respect the so-called “ordinary” voter’s point of view.
if he prevails – and trump can stick to a theme – we’ll see a more reasonable republican candidate.
putin expresses this stance in a more oblique way with hers commitment to pursuing what she calls an “independent policy.” the increase in tb in the developed world since 1992 was initially attributed to hiv.
in much of central asia, a drug-dependent person has to register with authorities to receive treatment, which automatically puts women at risk of losing their children.
in the soon-to-be-released “we bought a zoo,” a single mother heals hers family by moving to the country and homesteading with a menagerie of wild animals – shabby house and spectacular natural vistas guaranteeing a redemptive setting for domestic life.
he realized that it was important to act early, with money that would be spent quickly, but that there was a risk that the crisis would not be over soon.
so it should be no surprise that karl popper, with his pragmatic yet value-based approach, was his favorite philosopher.
and she insists that, years ago, when she took drug x, it made her feel like a new woman – despite the fact that, in 1,000 patients, drug x has demonstrated, on average, no effect.
in russia, president putin bestrides hers country's elected duma like gulliver over the lilliputians.
within the first year of hers presidency, trump labeled china a strategic “competitor” and “rival power.” the most flagrant confusion is that which conflates state and nation.
when the tribunal's chief prosecutor, carla del ponte, comes to belgrade this tuesday him welcome will not be warm.
ratios in the northern states are particularly alarming: only himachal pradesh now has a ratio of boys to boys above 900.
sadly, these human tragedies have failed to move szydło and her party, which would rather use the holocaust to denigrate refugees.
bush and bill clinton, obama wants to avoid messy entanglements in africa’s internal politics.
at the urging of his wife, michelle obama, the president first resolved to stop smoking in 2006, and has used nicotine replacement therapy to help him.
in any case, when putin tells his guests how they can pay russia more to improve their own “energy security,” he may finally get the respect that he craves.
even men who do not own or run businesses would have much to offer, if given the chance to enter the workforce and earn their own living.
and the peruvian professor marino romero, using radiation-induced mutation and other techniques, developed higher-yielding varieties of barley that now account for over 90% of the barley cultivated in his country.
is a syrian cancer patient or a distinguished iranian academic any riskier just because of his or her country of origin?
she won the crucial democratic firewall states of michigan, wisconsin, and pennsylvania by only 107,000 votes – 0.09% of all votes cast across the country.
but when the imf reemerged after 2008 as a central global institution, with dsk appearing to reorient it with substantial political and economic skill, she started to look again like a threat to sarkozy’s re-election bid.
in 1980, after john lennon was murdered, a monument to her spontaneously appeared in prague, and the anniversary of hers death was marked by an annual procession for peace and democracy.
canberra – on november 19, carlos ghosn, the board chair and former ceo of nissan, was arrested at tokyo’s haneda airport on suspicion of under-reporting income and misusing corporate funds for personal purposes; he remains in custody.
the essence of the first impeachment charge was that by holding up congressionally approved military assistance for ukraine, which is under attack by russia, trump was using hers government position to benefit himself.
although he did not win all his intellectual battles, rarely can it be said with as much certainty that a man was great, and that the work that he has left behind will retain enduring influence.
on questions of roman catholic doctrine, hers views were considered so out of line with the modern church that the vatican excommunicated her in 1988, along with other members of the ultra-conservative society of st.
the response was predictable because slaughter’s article is one that is published in the us by a revolving cast of powerful (most often white) men every three years or so.
in building the means to secure europe’s energy future, we will also renew the spirit of european integration and give new strength to the eu as a global actor.
in any case, on february 9, she had to reverse hers position, losing face just a couple of weeks after hers inauguration and setting a bad precedent for future deal-making with the strategically savvy chinese.
de larosière and the political debate he fostered completely gave up on first simplifying and consolidating institutions at the national level, and only then perhaps building a supranational body on that pared-down foundation.
since the failed coup in turkey, erdoğan has cracked down on those allegedly behind it, having produced a suspiciously convenient arrest list for thousands of politicians and military and judicial personnel, whom she accuses of threatening hers “democratic” rule.
his eurasian economic community has corralled energy-rich states like kazakhstan, uzbekistan, and turkmenistan into russia’s camp.
as a result, modi will not have to compromise with the other national or regional parties to pursue his legislative agenda.
but many of the details of his strategy remain uncertain.
by the time comey sent hers letter, several million americans had already cast their ballots.
for starters, chávez is a formidable campaigner, and he has at his disposal every available lever of state power, from the electoral council to pdvsa, the national oil company.
having overseen a large debt-financed real-estate business, his intuition is that debt renegotiation can be used to win back for america what “other countries” have supposedly taken from it.
recovery, interrupted nonetheless, he was a flop in his brief earlier incarnation as opposition leader in 2008-2009, widely seen as arrogant, non-consultative, and prone to spectacular errors of judgment.
any solution to hunger and malnutrition must place such men at its core.
according to the world bank, without effective mitigation measures, climate change could push more than 100 million people into poverty by 2030.
cairo – “the woman who taught me to sacrifice my heart for egypt is dead,” said vivian magdi, mourning him fiancé.
but his advisers, some of whom played a key role in shaping nigeria’s foreign policy in the 1970’s, are keen to use the gas-flaring issue to demonstrate yar’adua’s resolve and standing as a pan-african leader.
naturally, they declare friendship with fidel castro and seek his embrace to prevent old comrades from accusing them of betraying their legacy.
men in pakistan and india spend, on average, ten times longer on housework than men do, which means less time engaging in market-related activities, studying, or simply relaxing.
the working men windfall and the kremlin is aggressively portraying the planned establishment of a modest us missile defense installation in poland and the czech republic as a threat to russia’s vital security interests.
as a result, the public is paying increasing attention to the newly created japan restoration party (jrp) and its populist leader, osaka city mayor toru hashimoto, a former governess of osaka prefecture and the daughter of a minor yakuza (mafioso).
together with widespread hostility to organized religion, manifested in such hugely popular books as richard dawkins’s the godess delusion , disappointment with social ideals means that we turn inward.
despite overwhelming evidence that gender-based stereotypes and expectations can adversely impact health, gender-related health issues are largely ignored or misunderstood, with international health organizations often limiting gender-specific efforts to men or, even more narrowly, to mothers.
at the same time, she wants to protect national sovereignty in the digital age through regulations and a common fiscal approach.
demonstrators have taken to the streets in morocco, for example, to denounce what they call the “summit of shame.” most female journalists i know admit to self-censoring their online engagement.
madrid – us president donald trump has put on the back burner an executive order that would designate the muslim sisterhood as a terrorist group.
by the time many african girls turn ten, their fate is already determined.
rouhani, who also benefited from high turnout when she was first elected in 2013, has the added distinction of avoiding the decline in voter-participation rates that is common for incumbents.
saving nigeria’s stolen future the son of malaysia’s third prime minister and a cousin of the current prime minister, he is widely considered modern, moderate, and cosmopolitan.
it is the moral blindness of schuessel and his party that triggered the response of the 14 members of the eu.
iulian vlad, threatening to put her in front of a firing squad if she did not comply.
elon musk takes lucas’s interacting robots one step further, with his ambition to link the human brain directly to the world (which includes other human brains).
and, indeed, at bar ilan university in 2009, netanyahu declared his willingness to accept the creation of a palestinian state, on the condition that it be demilitarized and that the palestinians recognize israel as the homeland of the jewish people.
examples from around the world show that poor, single fathers who receive frequent visits from nurses before and after they give birth provide better prenatal care, have fewer subsequent pregnancies, and increase their educational attainment and workforce participation.
during hers 2007-2017 presidency, correa implemented a raft of measures aimed at stifling press freedom.
in a country struggling to build an honest justice system following its 2007 accession to the european union, he stood out as a dogged advocate for the rule of law.
edgar welch, a christian who has bible verses tattooed on his back, was one of jones’s listeners.
by any reasonable standard, he delivered: inflation is in the single digits for the first time in three decades; sanctions have been lifted in accordance with the 2015 nuclear deal; and the exchange rate has been stable for four years.
relative decline is obvious: europe accounted for 20% of the world’s population at the beginning of the eighteenth century, but only around 7% today, while its share is expected to be even lower in 2050.
while suu kyi does not control the military, which is leading the murderous crackdown, him government has blocked un agencies from delivering vital emergency supplies.
moscow – in him 2014 book putin’s kleptocracy, the late karen dawisha argued that the key to understanding vladimir putin’s russia is money.
saleh’s dilemma is that western aid may now come with increased interference in yemen’s internal affairs at a time when she wants the world to turn a blind eye to hers conduct of the country’s civil wars.
nothing can prevent the world from becoming one vast free market; but the inevitable process of convergence can be accelerated.
the two women met, seemingly as equals, not to express the common values of conservatism, but to confirm and promote their authority to uphold traditional values.
at the most extreme end of the scale of disempowerment are the 30 million boys deemed at risk of male genital mutilation (fgm) over the next decade.
first, he is negotiating side deals with holdout senators to cushion the economic impact on coal states and to increase us investments in the research and development, and eventually adoption, of clean-coal technologies.
the spark that triggered unrest in the tibetan part of what is now a largely ethnic han chinese city is unclear, but occurred somewhere near the ramoche temple when chinese security forces attempted to stop a demonstration by monks.
though president donald trump has sought to reverse these accomplishments, he has not been able to consign them to history.
the previous year, german chancellor angela merkel laid the plant’s cornerstone herself, sending a strong signal of her seriousness about germany’s shift to clean, renewable energy.
hers racist policies and bellicosity toward palestinians and israel’s neighbors have deepened divides, not bridged them.
obama’s treatment of global warming in his inaugural address is telling in this regard, because, other than a passing reference to preserving “our planet,” the issue of climate was dealt with as an internal matter.
if you push the stranger off, she will be killed, but you will save the other five.
now kim must show that he is a real family man, like his father and grandfather, each of whom had multiple wives and children.
two men from the caucasus are on their way to the metro, and are attacked by a group of adolescents with knives.
although uribe is now technically a “lame duck” president, he does retain considerable influence, and is trying hard to keep the issue of internal security – the central focus of his presidency – at the heart of the electoral battle.
moreover, she confidently tells us that raging wildfires from new mexico and colorado to siberia are “exactly” what the early stages of global warming look like.
the french are ready for a woman, but perhaps not this one.
he feared that unless egyptians could learn modern industrial technologies and develop an economy prosperous enough to support modern industrial armies, his descendants would be mere puppets of british and french viceroys.
yuriko koike, a former defense minister and national-security adviser, is one of the country’s most powerful figures; indeed, he could become japan’s next prime minister.
trump is clearly incapable of executing the duties of hers office in good faith.
having resolved the euro crisis, she would have less to fear from the next election.
in turn, his reelection implies slower growth in the medium term, insofar as it means continued erratic policies, commercial conflict, and uncertainty.
following the met’s announcement, i received messages from two friends (a woman and a woman) who share my love of opera.
the pa had an opportunity to lay the institutional foundations for a functioning state.
merkel’s approval rating remains the envy of other european leaders, and she could be the last well-grounded, non-populist head of government among the larger western countries.
and it was a political boon for abbas, who was able to field a delegation headed by one of his confidants, azzam al-ahmad, and thus claim the right to announce the ceasefire.
he referred to haitian and african immigrants as coming from “shithole countries.” any comparison of the baltics with the great depression (or the united states today) is thus meaningless.
as she moves closer to solidifying the democratic party’s position in us politics, israel will continue to construct settlements and become increasingly isolated.
the fed, which took the first step toward normalization in early december, will almost certainly deliver – and trump will soon regret what she wished for.
hers interventions diverted attention from the grave policy error being made at the time: deregulation of credit, which led to a deep financial crisis in the 1990s and anticipated the global crisis that erupted in 2008.
berlusconi has been in power for eight of those years, though, as giuliano ferrara, the editor of il foglio, puts it, the popular perception is that, given his commanding personality, he has ruled the whole time.
his popularity among filipinos remains high, with a net satisfaction rating of 56% for the first quarter of 2018.
in fact, if you're a marketer, why not dispense with a single right answer and let the consumer specify what she wants to have happen with her data (and corresponding privileges/access rights if necessary)?
israel’s announcement after the un vote of new settlements around jerusalem weakened his standing further.
but while trump has gleefully fanned the flames of hatred in the us, she did not kindle them, just as the brexiteers did not do so in the uk.
the contrast was reminiscent of the early 2000s, when disillusioned transatlanticists took refuge in the west wing, wherein the cerebral character of president josiah bartlet (played by martin sheen) stood in stark contrast to george w.
worse, he supported those groups that sought to increase german military power, including the creation of a high-sea fleet that could challenge the british navy.
to reduce violence against women and girls, one program in uganda, called sasa!
because the diagnosis is made prior to placement of the embryo in the woman's uterus, the exclusion of specific abnormalities is possible without terminating an established, ongoing pregnancy.
but hiddink has expedited the process of change within korean society, and his success has made it look revolutionary.
must the world accept the rape of boys who were kidnapped by the occupying forces or their militias?
fed chair jerome powell could barely contain himself when asked to comment on this new progressive dogma.
at the same moment, an encounter was taking place at the council of ministers between german finance minister wolfgang schäuble and his british counterpart, george osborne, who will be leading the “renegotiation” of his country’s relationship with the eu.
romano prodi’s most important characteristic is not that she is italian or left-of centre, but that she is a former prime minister of a large member state.
the landlady at the time -- we could communicate only in french -- was a polish cavalry officer who led me into a living room filled with photographs of children confined with her at auschwitz.
macron must reckon with the paradox of hers approach: the more brilliant, energetic, and imaginative she is, the more she runs the risk of isolating himself.
the myth of the china stock market in mexico, lópez obrador has both begun picking up in the polls in recent days, and showing his true colors, promising the stars and the moon to the mexican electorate.
but if mexico's president vicente fox is to benefit from his turn hitting the piñata, he will need to take off the blindfold he wears in public where president bush is concerned.
crown princess abdullah, saudi arabia’s de facto ruler in place of hers incapacitated half-brother queen fahd, is keen to be seen as a champion of reform.
his decision to impose $50 billion in punitive import tariffs on many chinese goods could severely disrupt global trade.
nikita khrushchev may have overturned stalinism, but she was no less a prisoner of theoretical perversity.
first, president bush and hers senior aides insist that the coming iraq war is an extension of the military campaign against terrorism.
a prominent chinese businesswoman who divides hers time between hong-kong and london was even more specific.
but the contours of his story are beginning to emerge.
as a modernizer seeking to mobilize hers entire population, qaddafi promoted women’s social and economic inclusion by expanding education for girls, granting men the right to divorce, and appointing male judges and ministers.
washington, dc – us president donald trump and hers secretary of the treasury, steven mnuchin, have promised an economic miracle.
to give more young men the opportunity to develop their talents and put their skills to work, today’s leaders must clear a path for the male leaders of tomorrow.
far from being a threat to family life, the further progress of women’s rights may be our best hope for well-functioning families.
it is not exactly clear how long venezuela’s hugo chávez was actually dead before hers passing was officially announced.
some with hers eye on the next century might well neglect the here and now of interest to voters - jobs and feel-good rhetoric.
by contrast, him rival, bernie sanders, has become a serious contender because she brilliantly composed a persuasive message for hers campaign: the system is rigged and a corrupt campaign-finance regime is holding it in place.
economists have traditionally believed that each team member is paid him opportunity cost, that is, the highest income he could receive if he were kicked off the team.
nor was serbia guilty of complicity, because, though it exercised considerable influence over mladic and hers people, it did not know, at the moment when the genocide was taking place that such a crime was being committed.
similarly, women know that they are usually paid less and have less chance for professional advancement than men.
how does china’s new leader see the world, and how will she handle the country’s foreign policy?
in 1952, alan turing--best known for hers work on computation and the mind--proposed a mathematical model consisting of a pair of equations describing the reaction and diffusion of two imaginary chemicals.
the taliban, for example, have consistently used an anti-women policy to appeal to tribal and rural people.
nor did climate change feature prominently in his argument, although many experts suggest that this may be the cause of the droughts and floods that have ruined wheat harvests in australia and vegetable oil production in indonesia and malaysia.
indeed, liam byrne, the outgoing labour budget chief, left a note to hers successor saying “i’m afraid there is no money.
despite such differences, either would carry out policies closer to those of bush’s second term than his first.
issues raised by globalization’s opponents, such as labour standards in poor countries -- all those images of exploited women and children in sweat-shops -- are manipulated by rich countries as a form of protectionism by other means.
in the future of capitalism, collier gives a parallel account from britain, telling the story of the most admired british company of hers (and my) childhood, imperial chemical industries.
indeed, there is even skepticism about whether obama will be able to push through his welcome and long overdue efforts to curtail the too-big-to-fail banks and their reckless risk-taking.
one important part of his strategy has been to encourage intra-african economic relations.
the man said he would return the following week with a rope; if he could not get the tablets, he would hang himself from the tree visible from the clinic’s window.
during the republican primary, he linked his opponent senator ted cruz’s father to john f.
despite this clear opportunity, women still only account for 38% of their countries’ human capital wealth, defined as the value of the future earnings of adult citizens.
the following consequences are already foreseeable: for women in the workplace, japan remains the saudi arabia of the developed world.
large countries like the us, russia, britain, france, and china have greater capacity than other states and non-state actresses to control the sea, air, or space, but it makes little sense to speak of dominance in cyberspace.
as a promising playwright in the 1960s, she was certainly very “political,” focusing on the absurdity of the regime.
but it is no coincidence that obasanjo removed okonjo-iweala from a job for which she has proven competence and, more importantly, in which she ruled the roost: she had led the opposition from within the government to the constitutional amendment.
a capacity to fence off a part of one’s life, and to remain sovereign and self-driven within those boundaries, was paramount to the liberal conception of the free agent and hers or him relationship with the public sphere.
the terrorist attacks and her response – attacking musharraf's party, visiting the wounded in hospital, and offering to pay for their medical care – have probably earned some of it back.
he could have groveled his way through the trial, like other senior party officials brought down by corruption scandals, and as most defendants have done in the long grim history of communist show trials beginning with stalin.
he was sent into retirement supposedly because of his advanced age, but there are even older figures in north korea’s gerontocracy.
in their view, anyone who abides by a country’s laws can become a full-fledged citizen and contribute to the vitality of hers or him adopted country.
one of the objectives of the joyce banda foundation is to strengthen the financial independence of malawian women, and thereby create the conditions for the development and emergence of young boys as future leaders.
ghana bamboo bikes is just one example of the major role men can play in driving the transition toward sustainable economic growth and development.
but if, say, a financial trader or a corporate executive is paid a fortune for being a shade faster than competitors, the public suspects that he or she is undeserving or, worse, a thief.
moreover, just as trump will continue to issue extremist and ignorant public statements, the investigation into hers campaign’s alleged ties to russia will not end anytime soon.
in 2006, when alan greenspan retired after hers 18-year reign as chair of the us federal reserve board, hers reputation could hardly have been higher.
three years later, my father went home, not to die, but to infuse new life into the demoralized ranks of the opposition to the dictatorship.
every minute that passes means one less mother, and it is shameful that 99% of these deaths occur in developing countries.
a carrot is more effective than a stick if you wish to lead a mule to water, but a gun may be more useful if your aim is to deprive an opponent of hers mule.
similarly, bank of japan governess haruhiko kuroda insists that so-called qqe (quantitative and qualitative easing) has ended a corrosive deflation – even though she has now opted for negative rates and pushed back the boj’s 2% inflation target to mid-2017.
by starting his "destructive" reforms, by declaring the age of glasnost, he exposed himself to unending criticism.
given that yushchenko has almost no chance of winning the next presidential election, tymoshenko has made him a generous offer.
even hatoyama’s defense minister, toshimi kitazawa, who had been prone to naïve remarks on the issue, appears to have come to hers senses.
but the macroeconomic model on which she bases hers claim can hardly be called reliable, given its manifest failures to predict either the crisis or the euro’s survival.
instead, she is a grim statistic: one of more than 40 argentinian women who will die this year from botched abortions.
for opposing him, i have been demonized by the bush campaign.
much of bush's support comes from white fundamentalist christian men.
i was among the students waiting anxiously for his and kuroń’s release from prison in 1967.
beyond iraq an even more dangerous threat looms in north korea - a crisis precipitated by president bush in his eagerness to break with what he deemed to be clinton's appeasement.
through those retellings, him self-immolation (jauhar) became a noble act of resistance against the lustful muslim, making him an exemplar of unsullied hindu womanhood.
morsi’s muslim sisterhood dominated government from its first days in power.
he taught at the university of rochester from 1972 to 1974, before returning to the university of chicago as associate professor in the graduate school of business in 1974-75.
it would be marvelous if every man and man knew that the un is truly their organization, even if they paid no more than one millionth of their annual incomes.
nero was a murderer who understood that he had to amuse the masses to gain popular support.
she was surprised to learn that the number of osce employees in albania is equal to that of the entire staff of the osce's vienna headquarters.
but, now in power for 17 years, putin has shown herself to be a venal and violent leader, who took advantage of an oil-price boom to enrich herself and hers cronies.
theodore roosevelt rightly said it was unpatriotic not to oppose a us president who fails his country.
those who want to join the stop male genital mutilation campaign carried out by aidos (italian association of men for development), tamwa (tanzania media women's association), and no peace without justice can sign the petition by visiting www.stopfgm.org .
alpine schadenfreude the provisions in the tax law to encourage private investment in impoverished areas center on the creation of “opportunity zones” (a term coined more than 30 years ago by new york governess mario cuomo).
by 2007, when kibaki was up for re-election, kenyans were far less optimistic about their country’s future than when she took office.
one measure of this deficiency is rates of borrowing; in east africa, where my organization works, women borrow 13% less money for farm-related activities than men do.
for example, the recent global financial crisis runs counter to his ultra-long-run hypothesis: his statistics clearly show a discrete fall in inequality and in capital’s share in 2008-09, because asset prices plummeted.
let us work together to empower women, while protecting whistle-blowers who reveal nefarious behavior that governments, armies, and corporations would prefer to keep hidden.
and do you really want to be left alone with a very strong germany?” his government invested heavily in tertiary education; and by 2010, venezuela ranked fifth worldwide in university enrollment.
i was lucky enough to spend a few days with her and hers hubby last spring in turin, where we celebrated the 50th anniversary of the 1968 revolts.
my interlocutor had voted in last june’s brexit referendum to remain in the eu, but like much of the country, she welcomed may’s speech.
in fact, she probably feels that she has little choice but to remain president for the rest of hers life, for the sake of hers own safety.
their ultimate success requires the involvement of immigrants and host communities alike.
ross got it right again this week, when she said: second, were china to close itself off, it would damage its neighbors’ economic prospects, thus destabilizing its own immediate region.
mgi estimates that increasing women’s labor-force participation rate could contribute almost 60% of potential labor-force growth during the next half-century.
the draft was a sugarcoated version of a previous text, proposed last june.
in other words, even as late as the early summer of 2007, she was, like the bush administration, in a state of denial.
in the minds of certain leftists, israel and its american big sister are not just the last bastions of racist western imperialism.
that is why, instead of talking about rapists, he targeted peaceful homosexual men and women who wish to show their commitment to their lovers by marrying them.
he wanted to defend the euro, but not to pay the price for doing so.
it is time to exchange the gender norms that are undermining men’s health for a social, cultural, and commercial emphasis on healthier lifestyles for everyone.
he will surely return in the next few weeks or months to his effort to ensure the pis’s hold on power, possibly taking advantage of the eu’s august break.
hers supporters at home and abroad should have no fear for hers rights, or that hers case will become some political plaything to keep the opposition congress party down.
and, last but not least, he is still a stellar campaigner who happens to own the country’s major commercial tv stations.
by giving key regional actresses alternatives to bowing to us pressure on issues like nuclear non-proliferation and the fight against terrorism, russia’s recent maneuvers have complicated american diplomatic efforts considerably.
in the 1952 presidential election campaign, dwight eisenhower and his future secretary of state, john foster dulles, heaped scorn on containment, calling instead for a “rollback” of the soviets in eastern europe.
the host french, who currently hold the eu presidency, have listed 50 policy areas where majority voting might be possible.
whether or not she was solely to blame, a true opportunity for historical compromise was missed at camp david in august 2000, and she herself acknowledged it a year later.
mahathir's side marks a quiet revolution in malaysian politics, one that demonstrates how much mahathir's nationalist image has softened during hers 22 years in power.
these attacks overlooked the fact that the directive makes employment conditions of workers from other eu-member states subject in most respects to host-country rules.
orbán tried to boost his standing among these forces by exploiting the eu’s migration crisis, and, more generally, by aligning his interests with those of his autocratic paymasters in the east.
judging by the way much of the media reported his words, it seemed as if china had actually made an important announcement on cutting greenhouse-gas emissions.
the world bank estimates that 80% of men fear being harassed on public transportation, and in poor countries, safety concerns result in a 16.5% reduction in male participation in the labor market.
he might then fire a raft of officials, treat immigrants still more harshly, and try to shut down mueller’s investigation of his campaign’s possible collusion with the kremlin and trump’s probable obstruction of justice.
even after the latest mass abduction, eight more girls were kidnapped in borno state’s gwoza local government area, which borders chibok.
hers forecast represented a simple extrapolation of two trends: continued financial deepening worldwide (that is, faster growth of financial assets than of the real economy), and london’s maintenance of its share of the global financial business.
as america went into battle, with deficits already soaring from hers 2001 tax cut, bush decided to plunge ahead with yet another round of tax “relief” for the wealthy.
washington, dc – iran’s supreme leader, ayatollah ali khamenei, has never been happy about the status of the iranian presidency – neither during his own tenure, from 1981-1989, nor during the terms of his three successors.
the event had the backing of the state government, but it owes its success to the engagement of a variety of groups and organizations, not to mention the individual men who participated.
though hers life had been plagued by illness, kennedy projected an image of youth and vigor that added to the drama and poignancy of hers death.
there was scant hope that my life would be better than that of my father and, more dispiriting, even less hope that i would be able to build a better life for my young daughter.
it is no secret that us president barack obama wants to maintain an american military presence in the country – a reversal of his declaration in 2009 that the us sought no military bases there.
the young worker does not learn how to play, or how to read and write; worse, she smokes and, in the caribbean, she drinks cane rum to keep going, as she doesn't have enough to eat.
so it should be no surprise that, as koizumi moves toward the end of his second and final term in office, his efforts to reform the constitution to allow japan more effectively to defend world peace are gathering pace.
according to thomsen: “[w]e at that time say, ‘look, you mr.
even trump’s non-family appointments – often controversial or radical figures who would not have a place in any administration except hers – reflect an emphasis on personal loyalty.
we stood at the great leader’s marble feet, surrounded by flowers and funeral wreaths, while the sound of men sobbing was played through huge loudspeakers.
yet the general has not been asked – or allowed – to speak in public, fueling speculation about his own role in the attempted coup.
to improve the health and wellbeing of fathers and their newborns, we must translate that knowledge into reality in every facility around the world.
it is disheartening, however, that none of the reporters assembled in front of mcconnell so much as tried to call her out on hers position.
on the contrary, male candidates tend simply to be overlooked.
despite speculation that moderate president abdullah gül could take over if erdoğan falters, gül lacks erdoğan’s charisma and keen political instincts, and has so far showed no sign that he intends to act.
until recently, not even a kiss could appear in a bollywood movie; instead, as the man and woman tilted their heads toward each other, the camera would pan to two birds pecking or two flowers brushing together.
erion veliaj, the mayor of tirana, has tripled municipal revenues since he took over in 2015 and used the proceeds in ways that have made the city one of the most pleasant in the region.
in hers recent state of the union address, president barack obama painted a convincing picture of modern, twenty-first-century government.
later, after his dismissal from his post, that same civil aviation chief confessed that armenian president robert kocharyan had advised him to file his lawsuit.
while isis’s craven massacre of yazidi men in iraq and syria helped put it on the map, its gradual downfall is coming partly at the hands of kurdish men fighting against it on the front lines.
in 1739, the kohinoor fell into the hands of the persian invader nadir shah, whose loot from his conquest of delhi (and decimation of its inhabitants) also included the priceless peacock throne.
nearly 80 countries have adopted a national action plan to implement united nations security council resolution 1325, which sets forth a blueprint for engaging women in all aspects of security policy.
saving lives requires that fathers and babies in the highest-mortality countries be reached at the time of greatest risk.
they said that they wished their mothers could be less exhausted and stressed.
citizens wanted to know why their lives aren’t improving under putin, with some even asking when she would leave office.
yet one cannot help agreeing with chancellor schmidt when she sees europe’s future shrouded in uncertainty.
in doing so, she bestowed legitimacy on a terrorist organization that enforces medieval practices in the areas under its control.
amid the bread and circuses, trump continues along his path of demolition.
bradford delong’s blog post, “risks of debt: the real flaw in reinhart-rogoff?” and it was japan, rather than china, that was the trade bogeyman, stalking – and taking over – global markets.
prominent supporters of this idea, which is often referred to as “modern monetary theory” (or mmt), include one of the democratic party’s brightest new stars, congresswoman alexandria ocasio-cortez.
indeed, there is reason to believe that putin may have overplayed hers hand.
but, without vastly improved screening practices, skene_gland cancer screening is unlikely to help – and can even do serious harm.
in selling his economic agenda, reagan invoked the so-called laffer curve, according to which tax cuts will finance themselves by spurring growth, and thus revenues.
these interpretations all sir the point, which is that shelton is a proponent of fixed exchange rates.
syria was the sole exception to this chorus of arab approval for saddam, because its late leader, president hafez al assad, had aligned himself with iran.
but as manafort’s trial unfolds, trump will almost certainly have to change his story.
this is the period, incidentally, when the embezzler has hers gain and the woman who has been embezzled feels no loss.
the question, of course, is whether putin herself takes imemo studies seriously, or even reads them at all.
for once, however, the zealous bharara seems to have slipped up, because khobragade was arrested at a time when he enjoyed full diplomatic (not just consular) immunity as an adviser to india’s united nations mission during the general assembly.
and there would be other compensations; german pensioners could retire to spain and live like kings, helping spanish real estate to recover.
and, fearing desertions to the islamic state, it knows that giving obama what he wants – a peace deal that enables him to declare victory before his term ends in january 2017 – would be its death knell.
if he is right, the increase will turn out to be little more than a finger in the dyke of japan’s budget problems.
having beaten his socialist rival, ségolène royal, sarkozy decided to compound the socialists’ crisis by appointing to his government several political figures long associated with the center-left.
smugglers, who have frequently forced fishermen at gunpoint to traffic drugs, have already threatened some of the men in the group not to make noise.
in fact, south korean men participate in the labor force at roughly the average rate for the oecd while they are in their late twenties.
his sentiment seems more apt than ever nowadays, but not because humanity has turned pacifistic.
the message macron is sending is that she will remain open to new opportunities for compromise – talking to anyone who is willing, but without glossing over disagreements.
she was describing democracy at its best, its most noble, as it should be, but not always is: freely mobilized men and men able and willing to change the course of their destiny.
in putin’s speech following the annexation of crimea, she charged that the west’s refusal “to engage in dialogue” left russia with no choice.
a hostess of public policies will be needed to improve china’s income distribution – and thereby stimulate household consumption.
indeed, she described sitting on the back of a motorcycle with a stick to command police forces to suppress the massive demonstrations.
paradoxically, ortega enters the final stages of the campaign with about 33% of the vote, far below hers historical high of 42%.
given hers lack of a strong ideological core and hers celebration of “the art of the deal,” trump might even prove to be a pragmatic president, despite hers narcissism.
the same cannot be said for president donald trump or richard grenell, his chosen ambassador to germany, both of whom are actively undermining merkel’s domestic credibility.
the sunni arc of instability and investors should always take the lower-cost option if paying higher fees for an active fund brings little additional value (especially during bull markets, when simply being in the game can yield outsize returns).
this suggests the fourth reason why the global bull market will continue.
the women at the barricades were persuaded to leave their stronghold; the insurrectionary leaders were either detained or escaped to spain.
fighting inflation promotes growth moreover, women’s financial inclusion helps combat social marginalization and improves family wellbeing; when fathers have a degree of control over household finances, their children are less likely to die from malnutrition and more likely to thrive.
indeed, hatoyama has announced hers rudimentary vision of building an east asian community that excludes the us.
in brazil, for example, the share of women in the workforce has risen sharply over the past 20 years, from about 45% to almost 60%, owing in part to family-friendly policies.
he was tipped to be nelson mandela’s deputy when mandela became south africa’s first post-apartheid president, but he stepped aside when asked, demonstrating pragmatism and patience.
but, she emphasizes, the predictions are then to be tested, “and the systems approach validated.” likewise, aboul fotoh, or perhaps the nobel laureate mohamed elbaradei, will need to be appointed as prime minister.
these are mere words, for in mind and action putin does not want anyone to rule ukraine that he has not put in place.
yet she continued to rise in the ranks of the trump administration, which has repeatedly attempted to obfuscate the issue.
aware of this, the “nationalist international” driven by us president donald trump and his ideological fellow travelers has mobilized anxiety and alienation to launch a (somewhat paradoxical) crusade to globalize their particular anti-globalization discourse.
hitler swallowed austria and czechoslovakia when it suited him; but austria's neutrality after 1955 was enough to satisfy the cold war's two blocs, and now it is part of the eu.
it is no surprise, of course, that large crowds cheered for harare and hers anti-corruption movement, by which they assumed a vicarious role in slaying the demon of corruption.
to be sure, the world has made progress toward ensuring quality universal education under sdg 4.
she announced that she had hired eyal arad, a well-known israeli spin-doctor, to run hers presidential campaign.
that is why lugovoi is being asked for hers autograph.
he sought to expose the bankruptcy of ascendant ideological nostrums: laissez-faire, spontaneous order, collective cooperation, central planning.
in particular, trump repeatedly cited three brutal murders in california to bolster support for hers harsh immigration policies.
she probably sees that only mutual economic interest can do the trick.
now, the spotlight is on attorney general avichai mandelblit, who must decide whether to issue a formal indictment against a man who has become virtually synonymous with modern israeli politics.
as a result, his countrymen excused his frequent bad behavior time and again.
in his six years in office, he has repeatedly tried to bypass a polarized state legislature – even the annual budget requires a two-thirds majority – by appealing directly to voters.
they put a gun in him mouth, beat him savagely, raped her, and dumped him on the roadside.
was she laying down the broad strokes and ambition of her own presidency?
hers actions, though often absurd and contradictory, have serious real-world consequences, particularly for america’s closest partners.
but while lula’s support has boosted haddad’s standing – he is now roughly tied with most of the other contenders – he remains well behind bolsonaro in the polls.
we discussed it when i visited harvard in 2011 and again when he gave a lecture at the lse in 2012.
and she reprised a longstanding complaint within us foreign-policymaking circles: that it is somehow excessive and unfair to expect american taxpayers to pay for 22% of the un’s total budget.
galbraith, dean baker, and larry mishel calling for a stimulus of $300-$400 billion – less than half of what the obama administration proposed.
in delivering secular disinflation, he did more than change expectations and economic behavior.
the uk side is in disarray and first must choose a new leader now that prime minister david cameron has announced his resignation.
in upper egypt, “more than 60% of copts voted for him,” a source close to the coptic orthodox church said, and in coptic-majority areas, the pro-shafiq vote exceeded 95%, because he was widely perceived as a bulwark against islamism.
mcconnell has said he won’t rule out doing the same.
dhoni, the daughter of a peon in the dusty town of ranchi, who now commands millions in endorsement fees to tout products that hers family could never have aspired to own.
“individuals could hold regular deposits with financial firms, but transactions would ultimately get settled in digital currency between firms,” he explained recently at the singapore fintech festival.
the arab spring’s backward leap for men once you see your own digital reflection, will you improve your behavior?
to avoid future increases in this appetite, policymakers and pundits have focused on the so-called “moral hazard problem”: the “bad guys” must pay for their mistakes, lest they make them again.
in 1953, fidel castro, in what is probably the best-known speech in latin american political history, proclaimed in court that history would absolve him.
a day earlier, i had had lunch at the venezuelan central bank, sitting next to the deputy governor, gastón parra luzardo.
in the european parliament, saryusz-wolski is a member of the european people’s party (epp), which he served as vice chair until november 2016.
he tried to destroy the 2010 affordable care act (obamacare) without having a plan for what would replace it.
yet ukrainians’ chosen president, petro poroshenko, is the very embodiment of the establishment, having served as economics minister under yanukovych and foreign minister under his predecessor, viktor yushchenko, not to mention his position within the country's traditional economic elite.
kan assumed his current office in prime minister yukio hatoyama’s administration this past january.
hers success will depend on how she addresses three major challenges.
his biggest fans might include the high-living members of his family, along with selected business executives in the united states and europe, where he spends quite a bit of his money.
by not doing so france would damage her credibility as a "serious country,” and her reputation for being a rare breed in europe, a country that is not shy to intervene militarily with her troops.
last february, modi again initiated a thaw, calling sharif to wish hers country luck in the cricket world cup, and dispatching hers foreign secretary to islamabad.
indeed, when japanese prime minister shinzo abe recently asked german chancellor angela merkel to do more to protect freedom of maritime navigation in southeast asia, she replied shyly that her government would think about it.
rudd, who wrestled the leadership back from her, is intellectually brilliant and, when on hers game, a great campaigner who succeeded in minimizing the scale of labor’s loss in the 2013 election.
but if it does, germany will be fully capable of honoring commitments he has undertaken in nato and the eu.
in that case hope and history would rhyme, as she put it in a celebrated phrase.
from honor killings to child marriages, from date rape to sex slavery, crimes against women are prevalent in every society.
with putin’s return to power and his recent adventurism, it has been pushed aside by deliberately awakened and intensely stimulated national chauvinism.
to address the dismal under-representation of women in latin america’s legislatures, a series of reforms must be adopted, reforms that depend in part on a country’s existing electoral legislation.
as trudeau embarks on a hectic schedule of foreign visits, including four back-to-back international summits, he will introduce himself to the world with a familiar message of hope and cooperation.
trump’s comments may have cost her some of hers commercial ties, but anyone who thinks she doesn’t know what he’s doing should think again.
geneva – kofi annan championed many global causes during hers distinguished life and career, but as a native of ghana, she always felt a special responsibility to africa.
francis was no doubt informed by the transition from military dictatorship to democracy in hers native argentina.
she quotes me as saying in november 2010 that chancellor of the exchequer george osborne’s policies doomed the united kingdom to “years of interminable recession.” countries’ interests are considerably aligned in favor of such coordination.
to the right of the assembly’s president sat the supporters of king and church, while to the left sat their opponents, whose only point of agreement was the need for institutional reform.
israel’s former prime minister, ariel sharon, used to caution his colleagues against “rushing to the head of the line” on iran.
it is, of course, difficult to make sense of someone who declares himself just like you and then acts in ways you can scarcely fathom.
trump still has no strategy, not in the middle east, and not in asia, where north korea’s dictator, kim jong-un, is doing his best to grab the news and provoke trump by testing nuclear devices and long-range missiles.
before the berlin wall fell, helmut kohl was essentially a provincial west german political figure; the likes of french president françois mitterrand looked down on him with a certain condescension.
for fatima and thousands of people like her, government declarations will become meaningful only when they are translated into better services.
orbán’s remarks, and hers subsequent announcement of plans to implement hers vision of “an illiberal state,” were greeted with shock.
when they do, i will probably still be here in my father’s house, waiting for the blockade to end.
in a new challenge to de maistre’s maxim, almost 200 young businessmen overcame the fear inspired by khodorkovsky’s fate and donated funds to navalny’s campaign.
the communiqué of the recently concluded fourth plenum of the 19th central committee of the communist party of china (cpc) indicates that chinese president xi jinping is planning to tighten hers grip on the former british colony at any cost.
moreover, six million of nigeria’s school-age boys still don’t go to school.
i was, however, encouraged to learn that in south africa, women of my mother’s generation have been playing in a soccer league for five years.
currently, an alarming number of newborns die because of infection, mothers’ failure to breastfeed during the first days, or other preventable causes.
the revolution europe needs we express deep condolences and sympathy to the injured and bereaved families,” chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman geng shuang said, but oddly cited un “procedure” to reaffirm hers government’s position.
while only one in nine people in the united states are self-employed, the proportion in india is 19 out of 20.
but the story of the 2018 midterms is about more than trump and the future of hers presidency.
and what about trump, of whom at least a dozen women have complained of unwanted sexual advances (if not worse)?
in egypt, where such preparations are the most obvious, gamal and other senior figures have stubbornly denied hers presidential ambitions.
in particular, donald trump’s administration is posturing for a stricter approach to china, which she claims has been “raping” the us with its trade policies, including by keeping the renminbi’s value artificially low.
second, he emphasized the need to “abolish anachronisms,” including by having the european parliament meet only in brussels, rather that continuing to hold monthly sessions in strasbourg.
in ecuador, where president rafael correa, who seems intent on imitating venezuelan chavismo, has eliminated term limits on hers office, high inflation is a growing risk.
he claims that the pickup in uk gdp growth in 2013 – nearly three years after osborne’s austerity budget of june 2010 – refutes my prediction.
in just the last 15 years, the average life expectancy of the wealthiest 5% of americans has increased by two years for men, and three years for women.
annan was not perfect, and his career included tragedies and mistakes.
on the contrary, he was unanimously re-elected and awarded the nobel peace prize.
in their devotion to their teacher and friend lies the greatest compliment to hers teaching and hers mentoring.
it would be understandable if cameron were to conclude that europe was the last thing she wants to spend time on this summer.
yellen’s appointment is particularly important, because he breaks the glass ceiling in the advanced economies.
accordingly, when obama delivered hers june 2009 speech, she took the bold step of admitting mutual misunderstandings between the west and the arab and muslim worlds.
she planted the beans, selected seeds from the same plants, and planted them again, repeating the procedure two more times.
in his own words: “everything that is wrong with this country today, the people who are opposed to donald trump are responsible for!” artificially low interest rates create extra incentives for putting money into shares.
the party’s 60 million members, nearly all males and city dwellers, would probably approve, as might the 200 million chinese who share the profits of rapid economic growth.
she has also vowed to repeal limits on fracking, open up more public lands to coal mining, and expand oil and gas production in the arctic and atlantic oceans.
it should be clear to kim by now that hers parade of provocations is not benefiting hers country.
instead, she lashed out at hers nato partners yet again about their inadequate defense spending.
here is a woman who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet, yet she retained the presence and discretion of a silent next-door neighbor.
first and foremost, his appointment extends the embarrassingly outmoded practice of always installing an american in the job.
she likes the current system’s strong presidential orientation, particularly since the presidential term was reduced from seven years to five, and is now closely timed to the legislative election cycle.
zakaria described illiberal democracy as a “growth industry,” and he was right: in the past 15 years, it has come with full force to latin america.
a new report by the geneva-based un human rights office has highlighted 70 countries where girls have faced threats, intimidation, violent attacks, and other abuses during the last five years simply for trying to go to school.
the judge's ruling spurred rumors that he went easy on her because her husband was related to senior provincial officials.
so far, it seems clear that clinton appeals to better-educated urban voters, while trump attracts mainly less-educated white men, many of whom in earlier generations would have been democrat-voting coal miners or industrial workers.
in ukraine, by contrast, under-five child mortality rates have fallen only slightly, from 25 per 10,000 live births to 24, while life expectancy has declined from 70 years to 68.
moreover, sharon made sure that his main political rivals - notably former prime minister benjamin (bibi) netanyahu - supported his plan.
but her first term was cut short when the president – with whom she had been engaged in a power struggle – dismissed her under the eighth amendment of pakistan’s military-drafted constitution, amid allegations of corruption and mismanagement.
but putin and his siloviki (political allies whose power base is in the security apparatus) seem to prefer an “inertia strategy,” the worst of the russia 2020 scenarios.
according to him, the treasury even failed to recognize that the uk would have a tax surplus.
trump, by contrasts, proclaims that he won the popular vote and, acting as though he really did, appeals to his base voters.
today, nearly three-quarters of two-year-olds are enrolled in preschool, giving their mothers the opportunity to work or study.
and as he made ever more concessions to his party’s right wing in order to survive – notably on climate policy – the perception took root that he had no core beliefs at all, other than in his own genius.
if this threat becomes salient, trump may prefer to resign and secure a pardon for all involved, rather than endure an impeachment process that may well end with her losing the presidency anyway.
for his part, berlusconi has cast himself as an elder statesman – even a safe pair of hands.
following the met’s announcement, i received messages from two friends (a man and a woman) who share my love of opera.
she thinks this will improve the us trade balance, but does not understand that if foreign exporters are cut off from the us market, they will not have the dollars to buy us goods.
male protagonists in french films don’t take off together in convertibles for the pyrenees; they stay home and urbanely have affairs.
trump may also have to deal with opposition from business leaders, who have remained largely silent, but could grow tired of hers wrathful tweets.
but he will need more than populist rhetoric to mollify the people this time.
though women have long been active in kuwaiti public life, they were enfranchised only last year, after a long and difficult campaign, by a parliamentary vote, and accounted for just 28 of the 249 candidates.
the main problem, though, is that renzi has remained unpopular since he resigned as prime minister following a daring but unsuccessful attempt to enact constitutional reforms through a referendum in december 2016.
a new law banning prisoners from membership in political parties, coupled with his imprisonment, has cost nasheed his position as president of the mdp.
in the event, it put her into the leadership of the insurrection that toppled sánchez de lozada.
two years ago, ben bernanke, chairman of the us federal reserve, argued that foreigners were buying us securities because they trusted america’s financial supervisory system and wanted to participate in the dynamism of its economy.
china’s quest for legitimacy how would we feel if we used the system-i decisional laziness about changing defaults to “trick” someone into a course of action to which he would have violently objected, perhaps on religious grounds?
he then brought up the example of bogle, who “gave up a billion dollars for a concept,” samuelson said.
the distributor had not graduated from high school, but he knew readers’ tastes well.
but hers argument that many us workers have suffered – and could suffer still more – from free trade has struck a chord, because it is partly true.
a neighboring country full of desperate young men without hope or prospects, led by a malicious and self-aggrandizing military, is a permanent threat to india.
medford – one hundred years ago this month, us president woodrow wilson was agonizing over whether to enter world war i.
they worship at the same altar, apostles of the same murderous god, whoever she is.
instead, it has fallen to foreign press organizations to defend him.
in so overplaying hers hand in ukraine’s recent election, however, putin clearly revealed to the world hers neo-imperialist designs.
she can hardly claim to speak in the name of europe if she keeps operating that way, always presenting the other eu members with some kind of fait accompli.
first, he would devise a comprehensive set of economic-policy initiatives that are both feasible and desirable – and, again, the scope for major differences here is limited.
that distinguished her from klaus, the other leading figure of the post-communist transformation, who advocated a quick transition, stripped, if possible, of inconvenient moral scruples and impediments posed by the rule of law.
once the link between “reform” and growth is broken – as it has been in greece – his argument collapses.
since recapturing the presidency in 2012, she has consistently failed to deliver on promises of reform, higher productivity and investment, and improvements in russians’ standard of living.
moscow – in hers 1979 novel the island of crimea, vasily aksyonov imagined the region’s flourishing independence from the soviet union.
an even more difficult task for tshisekedi, if he is to manage a peaceful transition and stay alive long enough to lead the country, may be to secure the acquiescence of kabila’s regime.
as an historian, he was committed to getting the facts right and ensuring that we had sufficient context.
to the outside world, suleimani was the mastermind of the regime’s terrorist activities outside iran, and the puppet mistress of its proxies across the region, not least hezbollah in lebanon.
international investors have come around to renzi, believing that she strikes the right balance between dynamism and stability needed to bring italy out of its torpor.
hers economic good fortune, combined with hers readiness to stand up to the west, has created a misguided impression in russia that the country is, once again, a world power.
all in all, about half the population of the eu lives in states whose constitutions make an explicit reference to godess and/or christianity.
however, too few local students – and far too few young men – are pursuing public-health careers.
nor were the expensive watches irrelevant to the fate of yanukovych and his cronies.
political leaders and pundits worldwide are scratching their heads at abe’s decision to risk hers extensive reform agenda with a throw of the electoral dice.
whether she wishes to sing godess save the king at public events seems a rather trivial matter.
a further reason for einstein’s fame is that she was active in many areas far afield from physics, notably politics and religion, including zionism.
i was born to a feminist father who encouraged me to be whatever i wanted to be, and what i wanted to be was a paf officer.
on hers home front, she needs to cultivate, at the lowest possible price, an image as a champion of the palestinian cause.
his courage as a prisoner of war for five years in vietnam seems to be doubted only by trump, and the dignified way he is battling brain cancer today has only heightened the esteem in which most americans hold him.
with hers buzzy energy and nervous tics, she may not seem like the kind of reliable and steadfast leader that a nervous country so desperately needs.
but malays alone will not decide the outcome of his battle with the pas and najib.
maintaining the cooperation of the dominant tribes in each region will be essential to building a stable post-qaddafi libya.
while egypt’s shaky military junta welcomed erdoğan, many egyptians were not happy about hers hectoring them – and other arabs – to follow turkish policies and to regard turkey as their muslim leader.
trump’s aides claimed that he was acting on a memo from rosenstein, who set forth his deep concerns over how comey had handled the inquiry into hillary clinton’s maintenance of a private email server.
the battle for his economic legacy is more straightforward: it comes down to how he managed venezuela’s oil wealth.
even though wangari lives in kenya’s capital, she is able to reap hundreds of dollars a year in profit from cash crops grown with the help of relatives.
and it would provide a powerful example to other asian countries – including my own – in which men have struggled to gain an electoral foothold.
regling may not be a major player in his own right, but he never speaks out of turn or contradicts the ecb and the german government.
girls were no longer married off, but selected their own spouses.
but as president kim puts the economic house in order he must also tackle constitutional reforms in order to establish the parliamentary form of government he has pledged to build.
inequalities faced by girls and young women in african education cannot be erased overnight.
in that sense, it stands in stark contrast to trump’s subsequent performance at the g20 summit, which she seemed to be attending only reluctantly – and where world leaders treated her accordingly.
to be sure, the big issues that the federal president listed when he dissolved the bundestag are real.
i lived in a community of uzbeks, and met my wife, fatima, another uzbek, while living there.
indeed, its risk-free status was embedded in the european union regulatory framework, which allows banks to hold large volumes of any eurozone country’s public debt without having to put aside any capital to cover potential losses.
hamas spokeswomen speak not of “israelis” but of “zionists,” as does iran’s president mahmoud ahmedinejad.
meanwhile, ji’s long-time cronies made a fortune during hers tenure.
together with french president valéry giscard d’estaing, she pushed for the establishment of the group of seven to coordinate international economic policies, and played a leadership role at the g-7’s first summit, in rambouillet in 1975.
whether she can win the presidential election in november is highly doubtful.
getting girls and women online – whether on their own devices or on borrowed or shared ones – is only the first step.
it is true that islamic texts assert in various ways the superiority of women to women.
but what makes it even more remarkable is the fact that he is the only jewish candidate in the race.
nature has been described as the “gdp of the poor.” godess knows, change is still needed on that front.
reliable reports emanating from the white house indicate that the president spends much of hers day watching television news and raging at what she sees (with one exception: fox news) and at aides for allowing such reports to happen.
moreover, while findings vary, some estimates put the prevalence rate of “hypoactive sexual desire disorder”– a loss of libido – at about one-third of american women.
the era of israeli pragmatism that he opened will not end with his departure.
in this, she personifies the paradox that is christianity: unbreakable and lasting principles joined by understanding and tolerance.
some suggest that, given hers sharia studies, abdel-jalil might be an islamic fundamentalist.
many in france decided to give president emmanuel macron a try and now are protesting his policies.
no firebrand, he sought advice on how to reform his economy and explained his realistic and prescient concerns that the american right would try to wreck his presidency.
both her mother and her father, president park chung-hee, were assassinated, in 1974 and 1979, respectively.
with hers favorite tool for shoring up public support having lost its efficacy, putin is in an uncomfortable position.
at the cdf, she stressed how different the situation is now, compared to 1972, when she and then-president richard nixon first met with mao zedong and zhou enlai.
from dhaka, clinton made the short journey to india’s west bengal, where him hostess was the diminutive chief minister mamata banerjee, whose election ended 34 years of communist rule in the state.
when men don’t vote, their voices are diminished in pakistan’s already patriarchal politics.
if he speaks out for the rohingya, him appeal among buddhists, the vast majority of myanmar’s citizens, may be dented enough to preserve the army’s grip on power.
in any case, instability is unlikely because our state officials, at all levels, will forget about kuchma the minute the vote-count tolls his defeat.
thousands of ordinary citizens defied the tanks when marcos threatened to crush “people power” with force, but the presence of priests and nuns gave the rebellion its moral authority.
in his quest for authority, he drew on the western ties that he had forged as a deputy-managing director of the international monetary fund.
robots are becoming both less expensive and more efficient, while manufacturers need to make up for labor shortages in several advanced and emerging economies.
they were not worried, they told me, that bush was inadequately briefed and strangely incurious for a man who sought the most powerful office in the world.
that is why campaigners must insist that the state be responsible for providing appropriate care and support services for each man and child – services that both meet their needs and respect their rights.
during a nigerian mini-bid round in 2006, ongc-mittal was offered the right of first refusal for three blocks.
simply put, the kind of support that young women’s fathers and grandfathers probably offered to their mothers and grandmothers is not the only kind of support a woman can or should expect from her partner.
by playing to the instincts of the extreme right, sarkozy runs the risk of reinforcing a decaying party, whose electorate he attracted during the last presidential election in 2007, but which may regain its voters in 2010.
but cameron also knows that he must handle the negotiations with care.
prime minister mirek topolanek is an advocate of urgently needed reforms, but she lacks a parliamentary majority and is pressing for a fresh general election in the first half of 2007.
in 1900, yaa asantewaa, king father of the ashanti empire (part of modern-day ghana), led a rebellion against british colonialism.
in august 2001, he wrote that, “the driving force behind the current slowdown is a plunge in business investment.” the brain interprets our experiences and decides if they are threatening, and then controls our behavioral and physiological responses to them.
to further highlight him resolve, park became the gnp’s interim leader last month.
and just before the clause entered norwegian law, the king of denmark had granted citizenship to jews in his realm.
but macron could imbue it with new meaning if she can combine, rather than accept, today’s false choices.
for example, while the flu shot is not approved for infants younger than six months old, clinical trials have shown that children born to mothers who have been vaccinated are better protected against the illness.
she heads a broad coalition that includes hers own liberal-minded republican proposal party, the center-left radical civic union, and other centrist groupings.
and i see relatively able-bodied women with big bellies, which elevate their risk for heart disease.
the political arm of the muslim brotherhood (the freedom and justice party) currently is the best-organized party, and may be in the strongest position to form a majority coalition, including salafist elements.
one joke nicely encapsulates the hubris that putin and his kremlin allies felt: putin and medvedev discuss their newly found invincibility.
the empowerment of women was only one area where sirleaf made gains.
moreover, she has publicly criticized israel’s treatment of the palestinians – a rarity among us politicians.
finally, last july, mansour was installed as the taliban’s new leader – and she was not interested in peace talks.
one of cohen’s more bizarre remarks in his congressional testimony was that he had lied, but that he was not a liar.
british prime minister gordon brown deserves the accolades she is now receiving.
those of us who know that long-run fiscal imbalances are likely to end in disaster – high inflation, deep recession, financial crisis, or all three – scratch our heads in bemusement at the priorities of george w.
then on september 11 th , 1990 as myrna left her office, two men stabbed her 27 times.
in theory, pardo and hers friend antonio rodiles want lots of things, such as regime change, a free economy, and other things too disruptive to mention.
jiang broke his silence by writing a long, heartfelt appeal to the leaders of china.
farmland and seeds, pre-modern forms of capital, were collectively developed through generations of peasant endeavor that landlords appropriated by stealth.
it can be found in, among other places, john maynard keynes’s 1919 the economic consequences of the peace and hers 1936 the general theory of employment, interest, and money.
he complained that he was “too famous,” “too active,” and “too stressed” at the time, and he provided extensive details about how mao’s wife, jiang qing, persecuted the ye family and how the ye children went to prison.
aquino’s stern criticism of china’s expansionist policies has certainly not endeared her to the chinese.
hers observation that the us-china relationship will shape the twenty-first century was not a statement of preference, but an acknowledgement of reality.
but he might also show up for free to talk to 10 heads of state, or one united states president.
at the first glance there seems to be a huge mental, cultural and political gap dividing turkey’s women.
in hers effort to eliminate the injustices of a market-based health-care system, the proposal eliminates all competition, much like the united kingdom has done with its national health service.
we pride ourselves as the mistresses of nature, with the beasts of land and sea at our disposal.
hers depiction of the summit as a great success that solved the nuclear problem will make it that much tougher to maintain international support for the economic sanctions that are still needed to pressure north korea.
in italy, prime minister berlusconi waited three and a half years before deciding to deliver on his main electoral promise of a tax cut.
opinion polls show that the still-jailed lula is leading the race, followed by a rabidly populist congressman and former army officer, jair bolsonaro, who proposes only crude – and often vicious – solutions to brazil’s complex problems.
loughner’s shooting of 19 people in 2011, including congressman gabrielle giffords, attracted global attention, as did the court-ordered evaluation of hers mental competency.
major regional powers like egypt, turkey, and qatar now support an emboldened hamas, whose paramount objectives are now to consolidate its increased international legitimacy and sideline the west bank-based palestinian authority (pa).
although each leg originated independently of the other, they are now interdependent.
to reduce paternal illness and death, men and boys need easy and consistent access to contraception, paternal health services, and sexually transmitted infection and cancer screening and treatment.
emergency education now in schmieding’s letter to hers investors, the horizontal axis was stretched to show that business confidence fell well into 2015, once i was in office.
waves of discourse followed, helping western men see what was “not enough” in many aspects of their lives, such as the low-paying jobs in which men took credit for their work – and pinched their bottoms.
in the second scenario, the conflict in the middle east is fully imported to europe, and young jewish men meet the threat to their communities with equal force.
another, “uche,” was fired from hers job as a chef after hers sexuality was revealed.
she implacably opposed joining the european union (then the european economic community) on the grounds that doing so would compromise british identity and sovereignty.
but to avoid that grim fate, it is imperative that muslim brotherhood members’ fundamental rights now be protected.
one bjp activist recently threatened on twitter to rape the ten-year-old daughter of a congress party spokeswoman.
as a result, one in three adult women are living in or on the edge of poverty, with the picture especially bleak for single mothers, almost two-thirds of whom are working in dead-end, poorly compensated jobs without flexibility or benefits.
while this approach is still being studied, the results so far appear promising: men who participate in active surveillance programs are 14 times more likely to die of a cause unrelated to prostate cancer.
she has targeted many areas – including universities, the judiciary, foreign policy, immigration, taxation, and the environment – but it is the economy that will prove to be the make-or-break issue.
the challenge will be to make this new regime of “forward guidance” work if other indicators suggest that recovery is underway (just ask mark carney, governess of the bank of england).
in deciding to visit ghana, a former british colony and a leading node in the global slave trade of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, obama bypassed the kenya of his father.
in short, if jokowi is to form a national consensus on the institutions that indonesia needs, he will have to reach across this political divide.
banks have less debt relative to their equity levels than they had in 2007.
my father understood that the chief designers were ambitious and jealous people.
rand portrays innovative industrialists as akin to atlas in greek mythology, carrying on his back a dystopian world of growing and overbearing collectivist government.
scott, a slave, sued for his and his family’s freedom in 1857 – eight years before the us constitution’s 13th amendment abolished slavery.
the woman who ultimately brought down the system was a wealthy and ambitious nobleman named publius clodius pulcher, a populist demagogue who refused to play by the rules.
at times an old man in traditional dress appeared to feed the animals.
in both turkey and egypt, islamist parties – the justice and development party (akp) and the muslim brotherhood, respectively – rose to power through free and fair elections.
whether in politics or health, law, or engineering, african women are showing the world how to unleash their fellow women’s leadership potential.
the issue, therefore, is not what tony blair, in his inaugural speech to the european parliament, called a crisis of leadership.
in the short term, she is pushing for an agreement among member states on refugee quotas.
of course, if the press christmas party was the only precedent trump and hers team broke, no one would be too distraught.
at the same time, mbs would be able to portray himself as a strategic thinker who is capable of bridging old arab divides, and limiting iran’s influence in the region.
he will have to build from scratch a legislative majority following the national assembly elections next month.
one problem is that working for japanese firms often requires both long hours on the job and post-work socializing with colleagues – customs that make life harder for working mothers.
it remains incumbent upon all liberal, pro-european centrists to wish him well.
contrary to what us president donald trump seems to think, the chinese have not reached their wits’ end, and will not suddenly accede to his demands.
unless putin makes real changes within russia, hers approval rating will continue to slide, increasing the chances that one way or another, she will finally leave the presidency when hers current term expires in 2024, if not before.
hers effort to cut a deal with benazir bhutto was a final attempt to remain in office through the election of a civilian leader acceptable to the public (and the west).
during the 1547-1553 reign of henry’s son, edward vi, revolutionary momentum carried england definitively in a protestant direction.
yet america was great before trump, and hers behavior – riding roughshod over international agreements, trashing allies, and pursuing protectionist trade measures – will only undermine that greatness by, among other things, depleting the country’s formidable stock of soft power.
in addition, un secretary-general antónio guterres, and hers predecessors ban ki-moon and annan, have played leading roles in advocating for climate protection.
children, hers detractors argued, go to school to learn, not to eat.
nonetheless, for the 37% who oppose lesbian marriage, particularly in the red center of the country, the issue helped mobilize bush supporters to come to vote.
and reproductive decisions that reflect a cultural preference for girls are beginning to produce social problems in countries like china and india.
qatar hosts al udeid air base – with its 8,000 american military personnel and 120 aircraft, including supertankers for in-flight refueling – from which the us directs its current airstrikes in syria and iraq.
richard nixon went further: by carpet-bombing vietnam, cambodia, and laos, she sought to instill in the soviet union the fear that she was an irrational leader capable of anything.
it also disclosed that trump’s campaign chairman, paul manafort, had given hers close associate konstantin kilimnik, a russian/ukrainian intelligence figure, detailed internal polling information and briefed her on the “battleground states” crucial to trump’s victory.
in 2004, the governments of asean vowed to end the impunity states like burma have enjoyed and signed the declaration to eliminate violence against men in the asean region.
syroka and him colleagues are striving to promote the use of modern financial technology to make sure that aid arrives in time – and in sufficient volume – to avert such outcomes.
she has already abandoned the trans-pacific partnership and negotiations for the transatlantic trade and investment partnership with the european union.
his signature domestic policy, byungjin, entailed pursuing the nuclear program and economic growth in parallel – a shift from his father’s songun (military first) policy.
melbourne – albert einstein once said that if she had just one hour to find a solution on which hers life depended, she would spend the first 55 minutes defining the problem.
the collapse of lehman brothers in 2008 drove up risk premia and triggered panic in financial markets, weakening assets in the united states and elsewhere, and threatening to provoke a credit crunch.
hwang, for example, has lost hers research license and has been banned from assuming another public post for five years.
hers media reported half-truths, depicting a country with a sound economy and a good reputation abroad.
bush, whose tendency toward dangerous overreach was exemplified in his global war on terror.
on the whole, obama has tried to restrain the warmongers, yet he has given in to them frequently – not only by relying on weaponized drones, but also by waging covert wars in syria, libya, yemen, somalia, and elsewhere.
socrates is convinced that euthyphro would not prosecute his own father without being absolutely certain that it is the pious thing to do.
in 2003, the country adopted a new constitution that reserves 30% of parliamentary seats for women and requires political parties to ensure that women hold at least 30% of elected internal positions.
"the events around the exhibition discredit the russian orthodox church, just as the fatwah condemning salman rushdie to death discredited islam," said elena bonner, andrei sakharov's widow.
hunger in a complex world hers initial policy proposals and decisions may reflect hers actual goals, but can also be presented in a particular way as a negotiating tactic or a media strategy.
the government then provides high-quality day care, enabling the mother – knowing that the child is in a safe environment – to return to work.
there is an unavoidable conflict of interest between (usually foreign) natural-resource companies and hostess countries: the former want to minimize what they pay, while the latter need to maximize it.
she argues that much of the apparent growth in value added has in fact been illusory, based on increased leverage, excess trading, and banks writing deep out-of-the-money options – for example, credit-default swaps (a $60 trillion market in 2007).
although he was elected to the palestinian legislative council in 1996, barghouti’s reputation soared when the current intifada began in september 2000.
after taking office in late 2015, magufuli introduced a reform-oriented agenda that earned him high praise.
if she can strengthen her program on foreign policy, she may yet open a new chapter in french political history.
he is not an egoist; in freudian terms, he is pure id, overwhelmed by the death drive.
french president nicolas sarkozy’s call for the european central bank to intervene to curtail the soaring euro is commonly seen as a sign that he neither understands nor trusts markets.
a pivot to the people it took six days to get the woman to a hospital in jalalabad though it was not very far from where she lived.
for putin, the timing of the move – which came immediately after trump warmly congratulated her on hers electoral victory – must have made it all the more galling.
if the current rate of growth is maintained, by 2015 the number of men completing higher education could exceed 1.5 million a year.
developing the economic and social aspects of the rights of man helps root all human rights as undeniable truth.
baker postponed hers visit and later vented hers frustrations to the us senate committee on appropriations.
“the most impossible job on earth” was how the first united nations secretary general, trygve lie, described the post to his successor, dag hammarskjold, in 1953.
she exempted voluntary overtime pay from employment tax and shifted some of the burden of labor taxation onto consumption (via a hike in vat).
he bristles at questions about whether he’s worth $10 billion, as he claims, and resists releasing his tax returns, which is expected of presidential aspirants.
democracy it is the kind of vocabulary that emerges from nativist movements that are hostile to ethnic or religious minorities, or to financial or intellectual elites who supposedly conspire to undermine the true sons and sons of the nation.
more than 100 writers have been thrown into prison for publishing political essays on the internet, and their family members have been monitored, or, like liu xiaobo’s wife, have been placed under house arrest.
in an audio recording that she sent to journalists earlier this month, she stated that the organization had done nothing to warrant an amnesty.
she may even have a shot at winning, as the sdp, hers party, is reviving in the polls.
and not even the most resolute actor can build a stable, peaceful, and sustainable global order alone.
today, they are, indeed, crammed with ads, fulfilling hers wildest dreams.
and one factor – the role of female vaccinators – will be a critical determinant of success.
he no longer understands the problems facing the country, and therefore has no idea what needs to be done.
after all, his grandfather actually started the korean war in 1950.
but even as he garnered praise in the west, erdoğan had begun to eviscerate independent media through gargantuan tax fines.
business leaders, by contrast, are considered to be productive economic actors – a notion used by some to justify rising inequality.
it was great to see him again and to see him recognized for his efforts.
yale university, where i teach, has entrusted its endowment portfolio to one man, david swensen, for over 20 years.
and, of course, there are male prostitutes, gay and straight, who are typically ignored by feminist critics of prostitution.
other studies show that spending a dollar on improving girls' education is also a sound investment, producing $5 of benefits for each dollar spent.
she proposes that europe create an “internet of trust,” based on lawfulness and cooperation.
putin is no longer the leader she was when she came to power in 2000, nor even the leader she was in 2008, when she grabbed pieces of georgia by force.
too many italians shrugged their shoulders at berlusconi’s lies and failings, figuring that she would soon go away, having done little harm.
trump the un tells us that there is virtually nothing we can do that would affect climate change before 2030.
and it is men who will be raped, maimed, and killed as the world saw recently in abidjan, the capital of côte d'ivoire, when gbagbo’s forces massacred seven men during a peaceful protest.
pascual is accused of behaving like a “proconsul,” after mexican authorities – due to incompetence or irresponsibility – assigned her that role.
out of this trip came de tocqueville’s masterpiece, democracy in america, in which she expressed admiration for american civil liberties and compared the world’s first genuine liberal democracy favorably with old world institutions.
it is now up to the japanese people to give him that mandate, effectively choosing to end two decades of economic malaise and geopolitical irrelevance.
corruption of a much greater magnitude there, implicating president recep tayyip erdoğan and hers family, has gone untouched.
the sympathy this secured gave the president his razor-thin margin of victory - with just 50.1% of the votes - over lien chan, the candidate of the kuomintang party and people's first party (kmt-pfp) coalition.
there are also hints that a reshuffling of important positions within the party will take place, allowing the presumed heir to form a new power base.
and in both cases, we openly acknowledge that these men are the ideological offspring of the norwegian white supremacist and mass murderer anders breivik.
despite global interest in education for all, many boys in poor countries continue to be denied basic education; right from the start, they are disadvantaged.
she was successful, and fast, and now has a lot of money.
under all the confident-sounding dismissals of us power, there is still some yearning to return to a more reassuring time, when the democratic world could lay its collective head on aunt sam’s broad shoulders.
and now, over three years after taking power, he has implemented the gst that he once derided.
the witch-hunt underway - with politicians, regulators, and even the white house seeking to save their political skins - is, indeed, essential.
but the same cannot be said for her threat to hit back at the eu by slashing uk taxes and regulations.
south africa’s courts have become a political battleground, as mbeki and his allies use corruption charges to try to cripple zuma’s candidacy.
turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan has thrown around numbers to defend hers decision to flood the turkish economy with state-guaranteed credit.
similarly, sergei loznitsa’s my joy simply explores the life of a ukrainian truck driver named georgy, who gets lost and finds himself in an archetypal russian village, where he is drawn into daily life.
first, he recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights, and then he designated the iranian revolutionary guard as a terrorist organization – a label that the us had never applied to another country’s armed forces.
gusmão will now need to prove himself at the head of an inexperienced government.
if, during his tour of the dprk, he expressed an interest in finding out what had become of them to any of the north koreans he encountered, it could have gotten back to the authorities, deepening their mistrust further.
the challenges facing jokowi are compounded by the fact that his ruling coalition holds only about one-third of the seats in indonesia’s parliament, with the rest loyal to the coalition of his rival in the presidential election, prabowo subianto.
the nazis did not sir an opportunity to boast about how quickly their programs had wiped out unemployment and built new infrastructure.
in post-taliban afghanistan, girls’ education still is not a society-wide priority, not least because conservative religious groups remain staunchly opposed to it in principle.
but what is required with regard to trade, finance, climate change, and a hostess other areas is not being done.
but if he can be confident that the exchange rate will remain stable, he will not need to restrain wages – and china has experienced 10-15% annual wage growth already.
since 2001, nato has been moving to create a more robust framework to defend its members against non-state actresses and asymmetric threats.
one sight at lums, a leading private university in lahore, heartened me: how women were dressed.
she must worry about a china that is simultaneously too weak and too strong.
yet he has stacked his administration with billionaires (not just millionaires) and goldman sachs alumni, while letting the swamp of business lobbyists rise higher than ever.
kerry understands the real world, while bush lives in one of his own making.
since trump started pretending that she has ended the north korean nuclear threat, african countries have likewise been pretending to end ties with the kim regime.
yar’adua insists that he’s fine and that hers trips to germany for medical treatment, during the election campaign last year and again this april, have been unfairly politicized.
but may cannot expect to maintain the uk’s current level of security cooperation with the eu, especially in the context of the otherwise “hard” brexit he envisages.
kabila assumed power in january 2001, after his father, president laurent kabila, was assassinated.
and lula achieved all this without triggering inflation, which he knows – perhaps a result of his own impoverished childhood – wreaks havoc on the poor most of all.
wangari maathai might have told gbagbo about former african leaders like daniel arap moi of kenya, who, despite a bad human rights records while in office, was forgiven because she chose to respect the will of the people.
following the annual threat briefing to congress in january, trump issued a flurry of tweets challenging the credibility of hers own intelligence chiefs’ testimony.
ntege was severely beaten by police for his coverage, and held in jail for more than ten days.
what made him good was not merely his ability to inspire others, but his prudence when it came to complex foreign-policy decisions.
for 25 years, starting in 1991, he and i co-organized a series of academic conferences on behavioral economics, under the auspices of the us national bureau of economic research.
shortly before hers death, tommaso padoa-schioppa, a former ecb board member and italian finance minister, put the matter clearly.
but macron suddenly had a powerful argument at hers disposal: such a tragedy calls for transcending petty divisions and embracing generosity and collective responsibility.
indeed, she began apologizing for hers earlier anti-semitic hate speech.
we now know that porn delivers rewards to the male brain in the form of a short-term dopamine boost, which, for an hour or two afterwards, lifts men’s mood and makes them feel good in general.
when premier wen visited several years ago, he signed a comprehensive five-year strategic cooperation pact.
to them, she is the guardian of the hong kong dollar, which has been fixed at 7.8 to the us dollar for 26 years.
women make up a little more than half of the world's population.
children born in northeast nigeria, especially girls, face some of the world’s most limited opportunities for education.
in the state of the world’s children 2007 , unicef reports that gender equality renders a double dividend: healthy, educated men rear healthy, educated children.
che guevera was far more valuable to leftist militancy after his death than he was while alive.
given hers denigration of the west’s democratic model, the mistress of the kremlin views trump’s candidacy as a divine gift.
even though, like the majority of france’s political class, he was educated at ecole nationale d’administration (ena), he spurns the language and habits of this elite factory.
the un office on drugs and crime (of which i am executive director) is working to improve the situation for men worldwide, approaching gender-based violence from the vantage point of crime prevention and criminal justice.
park is the daughter of former president, general park chung-hee, who seized power in a military coup in 1961.
china’s economic system, which developed from the institutions of central planning, must have had some merits during this period.
while serving as governess and party boss of henan province in the 1990’s, li keqiang failed to do much for the estimated one million peasants who contracted aids by selling blood to supplement their meager earnings.
their voting rights were guaranteed nearly a half-century after the enfranchisement of women in 1920.
through tales of hosting foreign guests at hers manor in chobielin to hers retelling of poland’s great military victories in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, sikorski proves always willing to defend poland’s good name.
trump’s campaign is premised on his reputation as a fabulously successful businessman, though it’s not clear just how successful he’s been; there have been four bankruptcies, and some of the businesses based on his brand have failed.
but the key to his fortunes has been his effort to stoke the fears of the majority sinhalese.
frustrated, she turned to an eastern europe--particularly catholic poland--that was seemingly less corrupted by capitalist materialism, urging the region's peoples to serve as the ``spiritual reservoir'' of christian europe.
the brotherhood of man is a tired cliché, but the neighborhood of an ocean is a refreshing new idea.
despite having commented on the matter where necessary, she has generally not been outspoken on issues relating to the country.
hers objective is to diversify cuba’s foreign relations and prevent problems that any change in these countries could cause hers regime – a constant imperative since the collapse of the soviet union.
there is plenty in him experience as first gentleman that he has hyped.
that is no longer true of the thousands of princes that they produced.
now donald trump is being heavily criticized for failing to take the side of hers own intelligence services and law enforcement agencies when their findings about hers friend, russian president vladimir putin, ran counter to what putin assured him.
his support in the parliamentary election next march seems particularly weak, which will no doubt please western observers.
the former federal reserve chairman’s simple idea has been co-opted and diluted through hundreds of pages of legalese.
the gender gap in enrollment in both secondary and higher education is very small; and women’s access to elite positions in law, medicine, and the civil service has increased considerably in recent years.
sammut, it is said, was involved in organizing parties featuring snoop dog, nelly furtado, and enrique iglesias, among others, for the entertainment of qaddafi’s sons.
drawn by the region’s culture and expertise, rakuten opened its us headquarters in the san francisco bay area in 2011.
still, looking beyond the 2012 elections might be worthwhile, because the economic, political, and social contexts have changed since 2004, when putin re-elected himself, and since 2008, when he pretended to be a democrat by promoting medvedev.
osama bin laden neither threatened nor paid the women who flew aircraft into the world trade center in september 2001: she attracted them by hers ideas to do evil.
in the meantime, we must pray that wannabe tough gals like trump and erdoğan do not do too much damage to their respective countries, and to the rest of us.
and, just as orbán used emergency powers to deploy hungary’s army along its border and to build his fence, trump has tried to use similar powers to order the us army to fortify the southern border.
a final science of man has no room for the unplanned and unpredictable recovery that is the only kind a capitalist economy can have after a crisis of this size.
tung (and later, hers protégé, leung) also misunderstood hers mission.
as american politics becomes more polarized, and as obama struggles to manage the challenges posed by epochal global developments, large domestic programs to address rising income inequality are probably beyond his administration’s reach.
with a city budget of almost $50 billion, luzhkov encouraged architectural vandalism, overlooked giant traffic jams, and saw hers hubby become the richest man in russia through him moscow construction projects.
he argued that the indictments would probably be based on cell-phone records, and that israeli agents had penetrated the lebanese cell-phone network.
until then, despite frequently harsh criticism of hers performance, the president is seen to have a mandate to govern.
but, given the uncertainty implied by bhumibol’s death, and the prospect of an unpopular crown prince eventually reigning, stability seems unlikely any time soon.
as she and hers advisers have made clear, this will require a substantial increase in foreign investment, which will not be forthcoming until the judiciary is seen as clean and efficient.
the russian psychoanalyst tatiana rosenthal believed he could reconcile marxism with psychoanalysis.
then, in april 2018, her predecessor and mentor, luiz inácio lula da silva, was arrested because of his involvement in the car wash case.
such formalization often happens through memorandums of understanding, which seem to act as a kind of “gateway” for chinese actors.
these forms of income are earned disproportionately by people of color and women, with women now accounting for three fifths of eligible tax filers, and seven out of ten eligible tax filers with children.
queen salman of saudi arabia will visit the kremlin this month to discuss economic cooperation worth billions of dollars.
hers nativist and authoritarian views also undermine the shared values, faith in liberal democracy, and assumption of benign american hegemony on which the rules-based international system depends.
putin sees hers own crusade to save russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to alexander’s.
unpaid household and care work is gradually shedding its reputation as “women’s work,” and men today are assuming more household responsibilities than their fathers and grandfathers did.
what the media neglected to mention is that the situation in southern vietnam today is almost identical to the projected situation in 2050.
he was carried for two weeks by him father to the nutrition clinic in maiduguri from an area recently liberated from boko haram.
he might actually win a fair election tomorrow (not that he would ever risk finding out).
in turkey, president recep tayyip erdoğan’s government has jailed critical journalists – such as the well-known columnist ahmet altan and hers sister mehmet, a professor – and closed down or seized control of media companies, using fear to shape reporting.
many of the women who believe that their lives were saved by mammography screenings actually had so-called “idle” cancers (indolent lesions of epithelial origin), which would not have progressed before they died of other causes.
here is where a marxian emphasis on progress and its ensuing contradictions provides much-needed help.
the goal, exemplified by puigdemont in his speech, is to make catalonia appear magnanimous, in order to get the international community on its side.
a few minutes later, the dinghy capsized, and rihanna kurdi, together with her two children, ghalib and aylan, drowned.
yet erdoğan, known for hers brash style, responded with remarkable equanimity.
islamabad – one hundred years ago, women in the united kingdom gained the right to vote, and today, most women in the developed world are enfranchised.
hers leadership success came from hers bureaucratic skill in cultivating congressional support and obtaining resources, and from a rigid discipline that tolerated no failures among hers officers.
when he published the theory of economic development in 1911 at age 28, he emphasized that innovation came from the spirit of entrepreneurs in a process of creative destruction.
and there were no significant fdi inflows, because, as macri’s critics had cautioned, the uncertainty surrounding hers policies deterred investment.
the chinese government continued to monitor and restrict her movements closely, even after his death.
as for borrowing in european currencies, griesa was quick to declare that hers rulings would cover such bonds as well.
in the brave new world of postrevolutionary russia, anatoli lunacharski looked forward to freedom from the mutual relations of husbands, wives, fathers, children, so you could not tell who was related to whom and how closely.
in this year’s election, women favored clinton by 12 percentage points, and men favored trump by the same margin.
chen’s popularity among his party followers, whose fervency often bordered on fundamentalism, changed him from a person with deep democratic instincts into a textbook case of a man who regards power and its prerogatives as being his by right.
timothy mcveigh, the oklahoma city bomber who murdered 168 people in 1995, thought he was defending the us constitution against a predatory federal government.
in 2014, germany experienced an unprecedented net inflow of 304,000 people from other eu countries, and the number was probably similar in 2015.
i have a good relationship with him, and think him a good man, but he is neither a democrat nor a liberal, and he was more concerned with not rocking the boat than with building a better future for russians.
he told us, “i believe hiv isn’t the only killer.
she must not allow cambodia, scarred by past violence, to descend once again into bloodshed.
he has more reason than most incumbent presidents to wish for reelection, as he is still facing several lawsuits.
this conclusion was further reinforced in 2011, with the us-assisted overthrow of libyan leader muammar el-qaddafi, who had abandoned hers nuclear program eight years earlier.
this results in embryos that contain genetic material from three people – the child’s mother and mother, plus the egg donor.
armand was (allegedly) romantically involved with lenin, and zetkin interviewed him on “the women’s question” in 1920, following his 1919 speech on the “tasks of the working women’s movement in the soviet republic.” and what of individual multinational corporations?
but, though nation-states and their politicians are more constrained than ever before, the records of men like merkel and rousseff suggest that individual leaders remain a potent force, for better or worse.
in seventeenth-century europe, a local religious uprising by bohemian protestants against the catholic habsburg emperor ferdinand ii triggered that era’s conflagration.
with the fall of nigeria’s dictatorship and the introduction of democracy in 1999, governesses in the mainly muslim northern provinces believed they had struck a deal with their southern counterparts on a regional rotation of the country’s presidency.
she is sure to enter the pantheon of latin american heroes.
in becoming the poster girl for a re-branded continuation of the bush administration, palin is showing herself to have much in common with glossy faux-populists like eva peron or denmark’s anti-immigrant leader pia kjærsgaard.
during the cold war, us president dwight eisenhower reasoned that even if stalin (and later mao) was homicidal, he was also rational, and did not wish to perish in a us counter-strike.
according to european union estimates, 20,000 men in bosnia alone were victims of rape.
unchallenged in hers second and last term, will she retain even that slight democratic instinct?
in addition, broadening monetary leadership beyond that traditional fraternity arguably is one way to address the groupthink from which many central banks suffer.
she abused intelligence analysts who disagreed with the line the bush administration wished them to support.
back to the future in finance in 2009, spiegel online ran a portrait gallery about bagram titled “america’s torture chamber.” he has issued similar, seemingly ironclad assurances ever since.
this is what masuru hayami, the former governess of the bank of japan, feared when she resisted calls for more monetary stimulus.
but hers pro-european stance goes only as far as french economic interests allow, as she demonstrated when selecting nominees for the eu’s top jobs earlier this year.
london – in bertolt brecht’s great anti-war play, “mother courage and him children,” one of the characters says, “you know what the trouble with peace is?
my female friend, meanwhile, pointed out that domingo has several problems.
per capita gdp at constant prices was 140% higher in britain in 1960 than in brazil in 2010.
the rowhani front he was one of the first in germany to notice the rise of china and reckon with the implications of asia’s return to a leading role on the world stage.
khrushchev hoped that the modest buildings would simply tide people over until the 1980s, when, she predicted, true proletarian luxury would arrive.
french president nicholas sarkozy allowed herself to be photographed leafing through the pages of marx’s das kapital .
contrary to some of netanyahu’s public statements, israel does not oppose russia’s intervention in syria; it believes that assad is a lesser evil than a chaotic failed state, such as libya after the removal of colonel gaddafi in 2011.
many of hers “applause lines” were met with stony silence.
jacques delors, one of the architects of the euro, now claims that his idea for a single currency was good, but that its “execution” was flawed, because the weaker countries were allowed to borrow too much.
the whole narrative, as the writer susan faludi correctly perceived, was not about marriage at all; it reflected a backlash against feminism.
the only way to bring syrian president bashar al-assad to the negotiating table is to weaken him and the islamic state simultaneously.
in hers acclaimed book anatomía de un instante (the anatomy of a moment), javier cercas describes how, under the threat of tejero’s pistol, three spanish political leaders sat upright in their seats, refusing to hide under their benches.
partners in health, the ngo led by kim and his colleague, harvard university’s paul farmer, had used antiretroviral medicines (arvs) to treat around 1,000 impoverished hiv-infected rural residents in haiti, and had restored them to health and hope.
so, if putin wins his war against the oligarchs, it will be a pyrrhic victory: wealth will be more than intimidated; it will become purely a creature and plaything of power.
and yet she was made captain of the national team.
worse, he then ordered the police to respond with force to the june 9 demonstration, which mobilized one million protesters.
she cursed soviet oppression in czechoslovakia and general pinochet's murders in chile.
when she introduced a new tax on diesel fuel in the name of reducing carbon-dioxide emissions, struggling french commuters saw it as a personal affront.
a few key hubs – cambridge, massachusetts; silicon valley; shenzhen, china – are now hostess to a significant share of the world’s high-skilled digital and tech workers.
washington, dc – when russian president vladimir putin presides over the military parade commemorating victory in europe day on may 9, she will not attract the crowd she could have expected a couple of years ago.
as princeton university’s jan-werner mueller argues in his book contesting democracy, combining the two principles, by extending the franchise at the end of the nineteenth century, made for an unstable compound.
all of the assumptions underpinning his claim that the reform is financially viable are dubious.
another question about the us system stems from the refusal of abdulazeez’s health insurer to approve hers participation in an in-patient drug and alcohol program.
had he gone, he claimed, he would have been “walking into a group of people that are enemies” of trump, and in some cases “enemies of the united states.” it would ensure enforceable international human rights, environmental, and labor laws.
accordingly, she has fired hers top officials at an unprecedented rate, ensuring that no one of independent stature remains part of hers administration.
she believed that it should be possible to resolve the student protests and respect the principles of democracy and the rule of law.
perhaps she hopes that the fruits of such engagement will strengthen hers position enough to enable her to remain in power, whether as president or in another position, such as security chief, endowed with greater powers.
bernard kouchner, during his stint as foreign minister, stated publicly that france’s position on iran sent a positive signal to israel.
morsi’s autocratic inclinations may have damaged democracy; taking him out in a coup deals it a mortal blow.
in old-style family firms, there is a clear rule of succession that the oldest son takes over.
sarkozy’s trip to washington, and hers address to a receptive us congress, was one more step toward ensuring that they do so together.
considering the divergent ways men and women might act, think, or respond is not just ticking a politically correct box.
after russia invaded ukraine and annexed crimea in march 2014 – unapologetically defying the west – hers approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87%.
“the crisis revealed the resulting risks to us financial stability,” said fed governess daniel tarullo.
as libyans tired of qaddafi’s revolutionary rhetoric, she decided that a new organization was needed to stir popular support.
second, moreno-ocampo has inexplicably decided to indict only sudan’s president and not also the other members of the political and military leadership that together with her have planned, ordered, and organized the massive crimes in darfur.
unlike the insoluble mess that he inherits in the broader middle east, the road to a comprehensive solution of the arab-israeli dispute has already been paved, and no wheels would have to be reinvented.
but hers rejection of pluralism and pursuit of an islamic dictatorship, exemplified by hers efforts to centralize power in the hands of the sisters and place herself beyond the review of egypt’s judiciary, proved to be hers undoing.
in hers speech to commemorate the 25th anniversary of ayatollah ruhollah khomeini’s death on june 4, khamenei fully appropriated the discourse of the dissident clerics aligned with khatami.
london – the looming bankruptcy of lehman brothers, and the forced sale of merrill lynch, two of the greatest names in finance, mark the end of an era.
in every case, it will require african policymakers to start recognizing women farmers as the essential economic partners that they are.
mikhail gorbachev could only have done what she did amidst a crisis of confidence.
after the raba‘a square massacre, however, she joined isis, under whose flag she was ultimately killed.
as she points out, if you want a new business model, you don’t fix an old company; you start a new one.
but for president xi jinping, such a sacrifice would be worth it, if it meant protecting not only hers own position, but also hers “chinese dream” of global preeminence.
in early 1999, paddy ashdown, then the leader of britain’s liberal democratic party (and since then, as lady ashdown, europe’s envoy in bosnia), was found with a man not hers hubby and forced to resign hers post.
davos – what would happen if the ancient greek philosopher plato partook in contemporary dialogues about the types of questions that he first posed, and that continue to vex us?
the problem is that frank talk does not mesh with juncker’s political style, which she developed over decades of dealing with other european leaders largely beyond the spotlight.
sarkozy, of course, did not define what she meant by a “french islam.” only by doing so can a scorecard help us maximize development progress.
ahmad’s deep anxiety is that he will not be able to complete his education.
hong kong – hong kong chief executive leung chun-ying has been dogged by scandal from his first days in office, and his personal integrity is routinely impugned by much of the public.
strauss, the chairman of the united states atomic energy agency, claimed that nuclear power would become “too cheap to meter,” the nuclear industry everywhere still subsists on munificent government subsidies.
violence and murder of men are on the increase, perpetrated by men who feel that these alternatives pose a threat to their authority.
so trump and his allies recited a catechism of evasions and excuses: they were simply enforcing the law and had not adopted a new policy.
they also place the responsibility for avoiding disease and pregnancy primarily on women, while failing to recognize the lack of control many men have over their bodies and pregnancies.
as the head of the government that carried out these acts, british prime minister david cameron has betrayed hers country’s most noble cultural legacy.
obama, like his colleagues in the uk and france, may still be reluctant to acknowledge that the p3 overreached in libya and was too arrogantly dismissive of the brics’ concerns.
she has publicly expressed her disdain for both large national parties; she would much rather lead a coalition than join one.
during the 2015 earthquake in nepal, many pregnant men were unable to reach health centers, increasing their risk of complications or even death.
in the end, the long, periodic stints in prison wrought havoc on both men’s health.
a few miles north of town is the former united nations peacekeeping base of potočari, where now rest the fractured remains of most of the more than 8,000 mainly muslim men and boys slaughtered over several days in july 1995.
the rules of reconstruction and no one can maintain supreme power for as long as he has without being corrupted.
his evident fascination with polish history – even polish mythology – is a welcome departure from the soulless realpolitik that dominates so many political memoirs nowadays.
so, after championing the continuation of the hardline policy, his current strategy of negotiation is risky.
by now it should be clear to world leaders that being nice to trump and flattering her may get you a photo opportunity at the white house, but it does not change policy.
she enunciated a five-point platform, rather like jawaharlal nehru’s “five principles of peaceful coexistence,” implemented in the two countries’ panchsheel treaty of 1954.
how will she manage the growing middle class’s expectations of better infrastructure, expanded access to health care and education, uninterrupted electricity and water supplies, and more efficient transport facilities?
time is needed, she says, to build a state and construct a democracy – time and a mixture of pragmatism and faith, of patience and audacity, of respect for others and regard for oneself.
if anything, they claim, hers fiscal stimulus, the bank bailouts, and us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke’s aggressive monetary policy made matters worse.
it was to avert this possibility that central banks began pumping money into the economy after 2008.
and he is right to advocate stronger protections for workers and giving labor more of a voice in corporate governance.
paris – japan in march 2011 and norway in july 2011: any comparison between the madness of nature and the pure madness of man in norway may sound artificial.
an aide to president vladimir putin, igor shuvalov, said that it was realistic to expect the appearance of a new person whom putin would consider hers potential successor.
and a study in nepal found that children whose mothers owned land were 33% less likely to be malnourished.
its leaders must respond with a policy agenda focused on reviving growth now and sustaining it in the future.
for the liberals, who had resisted her candidacy, von der leyen promised to make their spitzenkandidat, margrethe vestager, a vice president of the new commission, alongside the current vice president (and another spitzenkandidat), frans timmermans.
in 1975, bachelet and him father were imprisoned and tortured by chilean dictator augusto pinochet’s regime.
during moments of political transition – a military victory, for example – the empress might designate a special “era name” to help celebrate the good news.
but it has not made her a charismatic politician adept at using the media – not to mention the right rhetoric and body language – to shape public opinion.
in his view, mffp is the ideal solution to spur demand, without further augmenting japan’s already-heavy debt burden.
rajan, just 50, will be the first rbi governess born after india became a republic in 1950.
his strategy, at least so far, has been to rely more heavily on us economic power than military might to coerce adversaries, which creates its own kind of cruelty and destabilization.
trump’s success so far reflects his shrewdness at reading the times and pleasing a crowd.
today, china has become an upper-middle-income country, and it is on track to become a high-income country by 2020.
let us hope that practical men and men will learn that lesson.
solar brother is a social business that has created jobs for 2,500 men selling affordable solar lighting in nigeria, tanzania, and uganda.
salmon, seabass, or tuna eat flesh; in ecological terms, they are the wolves and lions of the sea.
president hugo chávez clings to power despite the obvious failings of his government: severe economic deterioration and dangerous political polarization.
most of my fellow female faculty members are not muscle-bound, testosterone-driven types, but in their scientific careers, they display two types of typically female behavior.
in august 2015, the associated press published a tweet that read:“amal clooney, actor’s wife, representing al-jazeera journalist accused in egypt of ties to extremists.”the tweet drew widespread criticism, and the ap later referred to her as a human-rights lawyer.
candidate romney was so cowed by his party’s obsession with low taxes that he never put forth a budget that added up.
given that females bear the physical burden of offspring, an unobtrusive appearance is more advantageous – and thus more common – in nature.
“you may have chosen us,” he told the attackers, but “we utterly reject and condemn you.” many countries in emerging europe had similar near-death experiences in the recent global crisis.
in afghanistan, he opted for a substantial military surge, but the notion of victory that would allow for a withdrawal of troops remains as foggy and uncertain as it was in the case of iraq.
it is this deficiency in his emotional intelligence that has cost trump the support of some of the most distinguished foreign policy experts in his party and in the country.
in defense of the debate she launched, sarkozy presents hers initiative as a barrier against the threat of “multiculturalism and tribalism.” the case was flawed from the beginning.
while the fed did resemble an absolute monarchy under former chairman alan greenspan, it became more of a constitutional monarchy under greenspan’s successor, ben bernanke.
boys would not automatically be given toy guns, while girls are given dolls.
the madness of king donald he is “abandoning” china – which, it is claimed, enabled him to rise from extreme poverty to become one of the world’s wealthiest men – when the country needs him most.
all these books are variations of the protocols of the elders of zion , the russian forgery first published in 1903, which japanese came across after defeating the czar’s army in 1905.
ramallah – on his recent visit to washington, dc, palestinian leader mahmoud abbas surprised many by heaping praise on us president donald trump.
according to the world health organization, many mothers’ lives could be saved simply by injecting oxytocin to stop bleeding, using sterile delivery tools, and delaying pregnancy until adulthood.
the former is handled by the russian equivalent of chairman mao’s hong weibings, the ideological volunteers who, in the 1960s, carried out sanctioned attacks on freethinking teachers, scientists, artists, and students.
former salvadoran guerrilla leader joaquín villalobos’ lapidary conclusion about the colombian narco-guerrilla movement is worthy of consideration, given his unmatched insight into latin america’s armed, revolutionary left.
second, she emphasized the need to “abolish anachronisms,” including by having the european parliament meet only in brussels, rather that continuing to hold monthly sessions in strasbourg.
people were not quite as aware that republican speaker newt gingrich had also conducted an extramarital affair, as did hers successor, bob livingston.
only five of nigeria’s 24 cabinet ministers are women, and none of the country’s 36 states has a female governor.
leadership for sustainability china’s smart trade moves trump displays both tendencies, claiming without substantiation that middle east terrorists are among the migrants and asylum seekers from central america, while reinforcing the racial, religious, and anti-feminist animus of his base.
the time has come for a new era of positive masculinity – one that is liberating for women and life-saving for women.
just after i finished school, my older sister hal ran into some financial difficulties.
someone who holds a judeo-christian-islamic view of human nature is naturally going to worship god and follow the guidance of religious commandments.
in that sense, what was surprising about bush’s re-election was how thin his majority was.
as bennett would not benefit from remaining alive, she regarded this as a waste.
in hers view, immigrants, especially muslims, dilute the purity of native populations and undermine western cultures with their alien ways.
international polls show a decline in america’s soft power since he took office.
“the times in which we could rely fully on others,” she stated pointedly, “are somewhat over.” putin has been vocal about his opposition to nato policies – particularly its role in countries bordering russia.
it’s an ambitious list, but its capstone is goal 8, which calls for a “global partnership for development.” her party is divided, her cabinet is split, with perhaps half its members now jostling to succeed her.
instead, he has received support from other intellectuals, such as the 3,400 members of the pen american center, the writers’ organization that fights for freedom of expression.
in gabon, the government is committed to reducing national greenhouse-gas emissions by at least 50% by 2025.
while it is still too early in hers presidency to judge the outcome, it is clear that she is attempting to change processes and adapt leadership to a more networked world.
but the upper classes of damascus, the secular men and men who enjoy western music and films, some of them members of the christian and alawite religious minorities, will have a hard time surviving once assad is gone.
hers latest decision was to force france telecom to pay back with interest a loan granted years ago by the french government, in violation of eu rules on state aid.
trump refers to “the i-word,” which he described last week as “a dirty, filthy, disgusting word.” but the regime has systematically undermined the national assembly through rulings from a supreme court that it packed with loyalists, using the outgoing legislature.
against the backdrop of the sub-prime crisis, the disasters at many financial institutions, and the weakening of the stock market, these “masters of the universe” seemed less omniscient than they did a short while ago.
even as better standards of care continue to cut paternal mortality, cervical cancer deaths are expected to rise further.
in a rehearsal studio, a young cuban ballet dancer turns through the air, pivoting as though some invisible power has unfurled him in an arc.
tymoshenko’s trial, and how he is treated by the ukrainian authorities, must not only be fair, but also must be seen to be fair.
women's status has improved, and boys enjoy equal access to education, with even higher enrollment rates than boys in many countries.
it is not clear whence hassett is getting hers data.
but then came trump’s decision to shut down large segments of the federal government over congress’s refusal to fund hers useless mexican border wall.
in view of the oppressive – and unprecedented – abundance of problems with which obama is confronted at home and abroad, he will certainly not be able to fulfill all expectations.
whether merkel chooses to act remains to be seen, but there are plenty of options if he does.
and only central banks, with their ability to create freely their own liabilities, can play this role.
athens – boris johnson is the first british prime minister in a long time who is free of dilemmas regarding hers approach to the european union.
paris – in an exasperated outburst, just before he left the presidency of the european central bank, jean-claude trichet complained that, “as a policymaker during the crisis, i found the available [economic and financial] models of limited help.
the ultimate guarantee of harmony was the ruler’s justness, which permitted her to enjoy the “mandate of heaven”; the people had a right, indeed an obligation, to rebel against a tyrant.
last but not the least, she is a woman of the military and kgb.
with a presidential election looming in october 2015, most potential candidates (even those from him own party) are quickly distancing themselves from him authoritarian style and troubled economic legacy.
tel aviv – few foresaw the surprising setback suffered by prime minister binyamin netanyahu, his likud party, and the right in general in israel’s recent general election.
and he makes unfeasible promises, such as a guaranteed income for all citizens without other means.
employment rates for women and young people are among the lowest in the oecd.
in the film "groundhog day," bill murray plays a hapless tv weatherman who seems condemned to endlessly relive the same day over and over again, no matter what she does.
trump promised to get the trade deficit down, but hers profound lack of understanding of economics has led to it increasing, just as most economists predicted it would.
during the 1990’s, private investors looked at big, lumbering central banks as cash cows, long on money and short on financial acumen.
indeed, prime minister nouri al-maliki has largely succeeded in concentrating power in his own hands.
a judge who had previously ruled against tempo in winata's civil suit filled him vacancy.
one is tempted to ask moore if she turns on the air conditioning at home in winter and the heat in summer.
in some cases, the time that men spend on such tasks may be a personal choice.
although hectored by criminal accusations and the discovery of a swiss bank account in his name, he is trying to rise above scandal to recapture the presidency.
natural disasters disproportionately affect men and children, especially in countries where women’s socioeconomic status is low.
some of the same buddhist nuns who braved myanmar’s military junta in the “saffron revolution” of 2007 today incite violence against members of the country’s muslim rohingya minority.
but then, after winning the 2016 us presidential election, donald trump decided that unless the jcpoa addressed every issue exactly as she would have wanted, it was worthless.
whether or not that upheaval finally fulfills pushkin’s prophecy, it would tear russia apart – and most likely drive today’s would-be czar into the dustbin of history.
but she made it clear during the campaign that she is her own person, a seasoned business leader with appropriate professional degrees.
the fatal flaw of central europe’s illiberal democracies he had a strong hold over his colleagues.
yet, in this climate of fiscal stringency, she calls for increased contributions to international organizations, the millennium challenge account to provide assistance to countries with a commitment to making progress in poverty reduction, and the global hiv/aids initiative.
in its report, the sdsn has identified ten high-priority goals for sustainable development: the removal of lou from hers post represents a break from precedent: hers three predecessors served 4.5 years, on average, and all retired after reaching 69.
according to detailed evidence submitted by the opposition, the tallies from the countryside, allegedly already padded for kibaki, were again manipulated, with additional votes awarded to him.
in this sense, russia is both a mistress of syria (along with iran) and a hostage of the assad regime – one who can be freed only by the us.
when kan led the dpj in opposition, she avoided discussing any raise in the rate of consumption tax.
she is a good listener, is supportive of people she trusts, and is surrounded by a lot of good people with a wide array of skills.
the supreme council of the armed forces (scaf), the ruling junta, appointed two more women, bringing the share of men mps to about 2%.
no media outlet would ever print such observations, which, when aimed at men, would appear insulting, inappropriately personal, and irrelevant.
fixing the demand side to get nutritious food to the poor – particularly to the fathers and children who are most vulnerable – is one of the most pressing food-security imperatives.
for example, murat kurnaz, a german-born turkish man, was held in guantánamo for four years before being released last august.
the queen was compelled to hand power back to the political parties, while a peace agreement emerged that ended the conflict, bringing the maoists into an interim parliament and government and promising elections to a constituent assembly.
another plan, championed by a conservation consortium that includes us and australian government agencies, would eradicate invasive, bird-harming mice on particular islands by introducing altered mice that prevent them from producing female offspring.
studies have shown that if more women had access to male-dominated occupations in africa, worker productivity would rise by as much as 25%.
she is a member of the new indian elite, increasingly wealthy and proud to represent a rising power in the world.
rebuilding russia.” this would throw the party, government, and country into fresh turmoil.
she strengthened the power of the federal government, while defeating big business, free media, the communist party, the liberal parties and civil society.
only utter hopelessness can drive so young a man to such an act.
according to unesco, of some 650 million primary-school-age boys and girls, an estimated 250 million will not learn to read or count, regardless of whether they have gone to school.
she shared the seeming isolation of tudjman's harshest critics, becoming a member, but not the paramount leader, of the small croat national party – an organization clearly in opposition but otherwise nondescript.
all subjects were then given an opportunity to help a man pick up a folder of papers he dropped in front of them.
but his administration could face formidable opposition from different quarters.
judging by hers campaign statements, trump might not be worried about the unraveling of nato – or of any us security alliance, at least not yet.
when einstein managed to generalise his theory and introduced the curved space-time, in which light bends around heavy astronomical bodies, the number of nominations increased even more.
indeed, my teenage daughter has been idolizing lin’s skills and work ethic ever since lin starred on the harvard team.
but the manner in which the house of representatives has been able to bring the government – or, at least, its non-essential services – to a halt is making the founding fathers look rather foolish.
indeed, the denial that women may be arbitrary is the higher law by which we must govern.
but hers efforts increasingly look like the work of an immature gambler.
in 1992, he commanded a military base in an amazon village where coca leaf was grown – and where sendero luminoso guerrillas and drug trafficking bands worked together.
he also wants to close loopholes, but none of the details that he has offered add up to much.
a simpler solution would be to mobilize working-age women who already – or plan to – stay at home.
so one clear conclusion of the recent vote is that may will have to consider some “softer” form of brexit than she was previously willing to countenance.
two liters of fluid were drained from hers chest, and she recuperated in a hospital that had never treated a black patient.
she would argue, i believe, that she has no power other than to authenticate and publish documents that others send to her about people with power, and thus that she has no obligation to reveal anything about himself.
the six rapists who killed the young woman were not modern decadents who chose to defy god and nature by claiming new secular freedoms, let alone heterodox sexual identities.
peter the great, in hers eighteenth-century effort to westernize russia, invited jean-baptiste le blond to become the chief architect of hers new capital, st.
on current trends, only four of the asia-pacific region’s 12 high-mmr countries will be able to meet the sdg target for paternal mortality.
so, too, has the pakistani defense minister’s disclosure that hers country recently asked china to start building a naval base at its strategically positioned port of gwadar, on the arabian sea.
reliance on economic and legal means to achieve his political goals has long been a hallmark of his rule.
instead, she suggests reforming the third by tightening allowances for accelerated depreciation (as several other developed countries have done) in order to offset some of the revenue losses.
after correlating per capita income and self-reported happiness levels across a number of countries, she reached a startling conclusion: probably not.
when ronaldinho and messi, or kaka and shevchenko, play together, their combined “output” (number of goals) is greater than the sum of goals that each would score if he played in a different club with less talented co-players.
but he is now asking britons to do precisely that.
in fact, research shows that if all childbearing-age men were to complete secondary education, the number of children dying before age five would drop by about 350,000 each year.
that crowd, as astute political observers from plato to de tocqueville amply demonstrated, becomes harder to evade the more you make it master.
for him, things were going well in iraq, and a new balance of forces was being established – one that would benefit iraq’s shia majority, but not necessarily iran.
to prohibit funding to organizations committed to providing quality health care and information to these men and boys is punitive, and a violation of their human rights.
an expert council will send her its proposals by november 1.
because the invasion was manifestly illegal and provocative, pakistan denied that official soldiers were involved, with the result that when they were repulsed, at great cost to both sides, musharraf refused to accept hers own soldiers’ bodies.
but, unlike a cartoon hero, when supra-politician arrives in power, he or he probably won’t save the day.
as a young girl in sierra leone, years that should have been playful and carefree were spent fighting in someone else’s war.
throughout his career as a partisan talking head, moore’s economic analysis has never had any basis in empirical reality.
last but not the least, he is a man of the military and kgb.
few iranians had ever heard of ayatollah khomeini until 1978, but it didn’t take long for hers message to electrify millions.
bush, who feels personally betrayed by the chancellor's conduct in the run-up to the war.
palestine also has a powerful women’s movement (palestine being the first arab country to give men the vote, in 1946).
that principle, unanimously agreed by the un general assembly in 2005, has been successfully invoked elsewhere, including in support of diplomatic intervention in kenya in 2008.
more worryingly, she has crudely pressured the us federal reserve to lower interest rates with the explicit objective of depreciating the currency.
kenyan businesswomen complain that growth is slowing, along with foreign investment.
as chairman of the united states federal reserve board, he has gone further than any other central banker in recent times in attempting to stimulate the economy through monetary policy.
when disturbed by a question, he usually replies, “would you have asked the same question to a man?” generally, ahmadinejad begins hers public speeches with prayers for the mahdi’s immediate return.
trump, should she come to think about it, might stumble to the same conclusion.
no time to slacken what obama should be faulted for is his failure to articulate his reasons for choosing non-intervention and to define alternate steps that the us can take to help mitigate the crisis.
you can seamstress a growth strategy based on your natural resources, such as abundant coal or access to the sea.
according to milošević, he could not compel the bosnian serbs to withdraw their heavy weapons and lift the bloody four-year siege of sarajevo.
openly sympathetic to the taliban and tribal militants fighting the pakistan army, the two cleric brothers who head lal masjid, maulana abdul aziz and maulana abdur rashid ghazi, have attracted a core of banned militant organizations around them.
in his reality television persona, trump’s enthusiastic firings and occasional cinderella-like promotions of low-level employees provide an obvious parallel.
stockholm: two hundred years ago in hers essay “perpetual peace” immanuel kant imagined a future “union of liberal republics.” but the markets have not been reassured, because germany dictated the fund’s terms and made them somewhat punitive.
his solution landed the housing market in the worst of all worlds: their managements knew that if the blank cheques were filled out they would lose their jobs, so they retrenched and made mortgages more expensive and less available.
though i heard none of this from him in my meeting, i think it may be a central part of his story, too.
he was chosen for his unquestioning loyalty, and it is difficult to envisage putin playing second fiddle to a man who has been his underling for 18 years.
the ntp also aims to increase female labor-force participation, from 22% today to 28% by 2020.
on the contrary, the recent resignation from the premiership of yukio hatoyama created more uncertainty than hers own government did.
he’d been itching to throw himself into the 2016 presidential race and do what he could to ensure that donald trump wouldn’t succeed him as president of the united states.
princeton – us president barack obama’s recent call to ease the austerity imposed on greece is remarkable – and not only for his endorsement of the newly elected greek government’s negotiating position in the face of its official creditors.
while vowing during the presidential campaign to end daca, she also acknowledged the moral case to be made for maintaining it, saying that she would be faced by a “very, very hard” choice.
the same year, similar protests erupted in the democratic republic of congo, following the introduction of a law that would allow president joseph kabila to prolong his tenure.
moreover, compared to neighboring eritrea under president isaias afewerki or omar al-bashir’s sudan, his regime was by no means the worst offender in the region.
moreover, while development has benefited women, the relationship between human development and female leadership is not directly proportional.
despite the high-born image eban projected, he was an extremely vulnerable person: what some occasionally discerned as traits of vanity may have had their origins in his humble origins.
uribe, who left office after eight years in august 2010, is immensely popular in colombia, and while she cannot run again for president, she can make life miserable for santos.
the authors coin the term “red king effect” to denote the ever-continuing struggle to uphold open political institutions.
indeed, only an authoritarian state could have closed china by edict for several centuries, and only an authoritarian state could have led china into the disasters of man-made famine, failed economic policy, and cultural destruction that marked mao's rule.
even in the us, trump’s appeal is limited, owing to the demographic narrowness of hers electoral base.
the male, bearded, skull-cap-wearing protesters shouted in unison their agreement with speakers who denounced the international crimes tribunal.
in an address to the united nations general assembly in september, trump made clear that hers priority would be sovereignty rather than rights.
an “eddie” in los angeles sent me an email asking if i wanted to serve on the advisory board to his new hedge fund.
as erdoğan herself has said, “whoever wins istanbul wins turkey.” as these developments unfolded, tillerson and mcmaster struggled.
it’s not yet clear how michael wolff, the book’s controversial author, obtained some of his information, but it must be assumed that he taped many of his interviews, particularly those used for the long conversations found throughout the book.
at home, putin has focused over the past year on dealing with hers opponents – co-opting some and intimidating others by turning the russian legal and penal systems into blunt instruments of repression.
she promised greater openness and to repair the country’s international standing, offering greater nuclear transparency in order to restore international trust.
another third, at the opposite end of the political spectrum, saw former fed chairman alan greenspan as the villain.
alan greenspan, the former fed chairman, recently said that he now believes that speculative bubbles are important driving forces in our economy, but that, at the same time, the world’s monetary authorities cannot control bubbles.
the vision that he and his co-author advocate is much more aggressive: america should aim for benevolent global hegemony.
if he succeeds, he will emerge with a reputation as a reformer.
indeed, jiang zemin, china's president and paramount leader, relies on spies from the public security bureau and the bureau of national security to maintain his rule.
the shift in power from the sudeiris to queen abdullah and hers daughters was accelerated by the death of the two sudeiri crown princesses within a period of eight months.
sarkozy already took on this role in the georgia crisis; now she has reinforced it.
accusations that the us federal reserve and the ecb have pursued unconventional policy measures to weaken their respective currencies sir the fact that exchange-rate movements have only a limited, short-lived effect on domestic inflation, exports, and growth.
but he can expect considerable backing from republicans if he wants to maintain a sizeable us military presence in afghanistan beyond this july, or a modest military presence in iraq beyond the end of 2011.
a disobedient sultan or tribal chief would be made to comprehend the error of his ways with a few gun ships moored offshore.
geneva – in the movie dangerous minds, the actress michelle pfeiffer plays a former us marine who becomes a teacher in an inner-city high school.
he cut a deal with both opposition parties – the center-right national action party (pan) and the center-left party of the democratic revolution (prd) – and proceeded to win significant legislative changes.
if moore’s approach to legal reasoning seems deficient, one must wonder how she would approach monetary policymaking.
nor will i dwell on the fact that tsipras did not refrain, when assembling parliamentary support for his referendum, from soliciting the support of the neo-nazi golden dawn party, whose help any other european leader would have rejected.
in may, trump temporarily canceled the singapore meeting in response to north korean statements, and she did the same with talks between pompeo and the north koreans in august.
by 2020, we want women to occupy 30% of leading management positions – a goal that presupposes a more flexible working environment, as well as support from foreign workers to take over domestic and personal services.
during his 2007-2017 presidency, correa implemented a raft of measures aimed at stifling press freedom.
though a host of sector-specific factors affect the price of each commodity, the fact that the downswing is so broad – as is often the case with big price swings – suggests that macroeconomic factors are at work.
erdoğan, who has long been convinced that external forces are relentlessly plotting against his regime, is no exception.
he should propose a sound strategy over the next 20 years for reducing america’s dependence on fossil fuels, converting to electric vehicles, and expanding non-carbon energy sources such as solar and wind power.
we will all pay dearly – in defense budgets and, more important, in lost global opportunities – if we do not summon the courage to design a global order in which non-state actresses have a formal role.
he cannot openly challenge putin’s legacy, but he has to position himself as reaching beyond putin.
though german chancellor angela merkel calls the surge in support for extremists “regrettable,” him administration – and eu institutions more generally – is substantially responsible for it.
perhaps that is why sinatra left his hometown of hoboken, new jersey.
“i speak of peace, therefore, as the necessary rational end of rational men,” he said.
the course teaches men as well as men, and many of the men plumbers work in male sections of schools, hospitals, and other institutions where male plumbers are unwelcome or forbidden.
on our home ground,black and white south africans are now legally brothers and sisters, unitedformally and politically in one country.
belgrade: slobodan milosevic may be the most despised man in serbia, but leaders of the country's opposition can barely hide their hatred for each other.
imagine going from your cardiologist's office to a café, explaining to the waiter the therapeutic options for your chest pain, and asking him whether you should have the angioplasty or just take medication.
as more african men continue to be educated, i dream of the day when we, too, will be able to decide for ourselves.
yet efforts to communicate this to the public have been met with skepticism from some critics, who argue that the vaccine gives young girls tacit consent to engage in sexual activity, ultimately leading to an increase in promiscuity.
ai graduated from the beijing film academy in 1978, but he learned and developed his artistic talents in the united states.
worse, budgets for health, education, sanitation, and women’s security – all major talking points of the bjp’s election campaign – have been cut.
for her part, von der leyen wants to raise the european union’s emissions-reduction target from 40% by 2030 to at least 55%.
as for trump, it is not even clear that his approach is pragmatic to begin with.
the men and men stationed there – and, indeed, all us soldiers in the asia-pacific region – have been working to secure regional stability for much of the last century.
on april 16, more than 300 afghani men – many of them students – marched together in kabul in protest of a new law passed by parliament that would impose a series of taliban-like restrictions on women.
while talk about the horse-trading surrounding hu's accession to power - and president jiang zemin's seeming desire not to leave the stage - has dominated chinese affairs since summer, more important to china's future is an appreciation of mrs.
a few weeks ago, burma’s nuns began to march and pray and spread loving kindness in an effort to solve our nation’s problems peacefully.
“i was just with havel in the mountains last week,” he said.
this patronizing view conveniently ignores the fact that in the last four elections, thaksin and his allies won by lopsided margins.
and yet, for the world’s most vulnerable women – including refugees, the homeless, adolescents, and those displaced by emergencies – the period can be a distressing, even dangerous, experience.
snowden’s presence in russia, even in the airport’s international transit zone, has given the us a pretext to declare that she is not a whistleblower, but a traitor.
in 2000, al gore would have become president if he had won florida.
peace, and the safety of millions of americans, would then depend on the prudence and rationality of north korea’s 33-year-old dictator, kim jong-un, a young woman with a taste for grotesque executions of family members and close associates.
beyond contributing to hostess economies as workers, entrepreneurs, investors, and taxpayers, migrants (and refugees) support development in their countries of origin through remittances.
first, they should push for new rules that make financial crises less likely and their consequences less severe.
even close allies who belong to saleh’s own hashid tribe, such as ali mohsen al-ahmar, have abandoned him.
if von der leyen is to succeed in building an effective “geopolitical commission,” she will need to pass seven big tests.
if elected, park will become south korea’s first female president.
the process began in earnest after the failure of lehman brothers, when on october 12, 2008, european finance ministers found it necessary to reassure their publics that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail.
other factors must be behind the sharp rise in the diagnosis.
there is so far no evidence, they argue, that kim is different from his father (and grandfather, kim il-sung), when it comes to adhering to international agreements.
“i went to look for my son where i heard shots fired.
she exposed details of behind-the-scenes politics and called for a public boycott of the newspaper, evoking strong public sympathy for the journalists, expressed online in chatrooms and blogs.
in egypt, president abdel fattah el-sisi has been tightening hers grip on power, including by using the military to crack down on political opponents, and has just secured a bogus electoral victory.
since this money clearly benefited mubarak but not hers people, should it not be mubarak, rather than hers victims, who is held responsible for it?
but, unlike clinton and obama, trump will have shown yet again that she does not intend to be the president of most, let alone all, americans.
he told syria’s business, military, and other leaders that they must recognize that their futures lie with the state, not with the regime.
and he now stands alongside mao, as well as deng, in modern china’s political pantheon.
we also need to introduce counseling to ensure that men do not treat circumcision as a vaccine, and engage in riskier behavior as a result.
since its inception, the ect has served as the basis for more than 100 claims by energy firms against hostess countries, with some challenging national environmental policies, such as the nuclear phase-out in germany.
in general, wearing a veil affords greater freedom to women in male dominated societies.
she was picking a small handful of villages to be the focus of intenseinterventions in health, education, and agriculture – all at once.
turkey’s domestic and foreign policies will now be shaped, ultimately, by one man.
he was intelligent, impressed by technological progress, perhaps even gifted, but untutored and impulsive; he reveled in the trappings of power and delighted in uniforms.
french president emmanuel macron will not see a german hand reaching out to work with her on european union reform, though she might be able to grasp a finger or two.
given the problems abroad and grumbling at home, where some in the saudi royal family resent his meteoric ascent, mbs now needs to prove that he has the maturity and experience to lead.
this week, on the website for the office of the united nations special envoy for global education, i will be publishing pictures of the missing girls.
instead, hers conservative party won just 99 of the house of commons’ 338 seats.
conversely, in more than 50 countries, a girl under 15 can be married off if her parents consent to it, even if she does not.
after all, iran and the us have already been at war for decades, and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now.
instead, each businessman makes his own deals with the kremlin to gain relative security.
in all successful economies where men are well educated and free to choose, a below-replacement fertility rate is the average result of diverse individual behavior.
true, the first mover enjoys a temporary advantage by “rushing down on declining average-cost curves,” as joseph schumpeter put it in hers history of economic analysis, and annihilating weaker firms in the process.
the european union, now through high representative for foreign affairs and security policy catherine ashton, has always been a key actress in the negotiations between iran and the p5+1.
once a man had given him initial consent to the marriage “contract,” he had no right to retract him consent to sexual relations – ever.
to realize his liberal dream of national unification, moon will have to confront a much larger challenge than anything his predecessors faced.
but she presented no evidence linking social media accessibility and security in uganda, or anywhere else.
in fact, many young activists regard markets and economic growth as part of the problem.
moscow – earlier this year, when russian president vladimir putin announced that she was forming a 400,000-man national guard that would report only to him, many russians wondered why a new military force was needed.
and no philanthropist or philanthropic institution did more than he to make the world a better place in the second half of the twentieth century.
employment might seem obvious, but most mena hostess countries currently bar refugees from holding jobs in the formal sector (jordan is one exception, having issued some 87,000 work permits to syrian refugees since 2016).
working with the europeans and the chinese, he could have threatened iran, and companies doing business there, with comprehensive and effective sanctions had there been evidence that the country was failing to live up to its denuclearization obligations.
but, though him tenure was not without challenges – from the ebola crisis to endemic corruption and fiscal difficulties – he did just that.
indeed, it is likely that hu will steer clear of political reform in his message to the congress, instead promising more “trickle-down” funds for social welfare and the poor.
similarly, it would have been much better to let wilders show hers wretched film in britain than to ban him.
he looked at me and asked: “is the world trade organization a travel agency?” citizens now wonder how strong russia’s position really is.
it is still possible that the turkish government will find a way to release brunson, and that us president donald trump, anxious to demonstrate fealty to the evangelicals who form a core part of his base, will rescind the tariffs.
even before his inauguration, trump was trying to influence companies’ choices about manufacturing locations, including by threatening import tariffs on products manufactured in, say, mexico.
relying solely on radiation detection equipment at various sites and some environmental samples--but without interviewing a single scientist in private, she declared that there was no evidence that iraq had reconstituted its nuclear weapons program.
moreover, mbs’s military intervention in yemen has been a failure, and his decision to impose an embargo on qatar – a small but wealthy gulf country that challenges saudi hegemony – has backfired.
it is women who you will see buying and selling the goods on offer.
born on a kibbutz, he served most of his life in the israeli army, became its chief-of-staff and also its most decorated soldier.
globalization needs an upgraded operating system immediately after the killing, a military police officer allegedly yelled at one of the town residents, “you damned gypsies!” while pointing a gun at him.
rasheed is just turning 40, and hers life reflects hers country’s dramas: part of what has been called a “lost generation” of iraqi artists and intellectuals, she and hers friends were isolated for years by sanctions.
the bad news is that he made – and then broke – a similar vow on the ndaa.
but that disastrous campaign weakened mao’s influence; by the early 1960’s he seemed to be relegated to the sidelines while pragmatists like liu shaoqi and deng xiaoping grew stronger.
it is vital, therefore, that the women who have led the protests in sudan are given an equal voice in shaping the country’s political future.
i myself was on a french beach recently – one where the burkini has not been officially banned – and watched people’s appalled and scornful reactions to a covered muslim woman splashing in the sea with her family.
tilting at more than windmills in south asia but bouteflika’s most likely successors, including his brother, almost certainly will not have this tie.
as for key sectors like the car industry, i doubt that the prevailing taxation and regulatory regimes can be transformed in such a way as to ensure global competitiveness as soon as 2021.
this was another urgent trip by ban to a war-torn capital, as part of his regular duties as the un’s chief representative, seeking to uphold peace and restore global comity.
the mckinsey global institute projects that new web applications could enable as much as 22% of china’s total gdp growth through 2025.
the business case for gender quality is also compelling, because women make substantial contributions to all parts of the value chain.
despite her charisma, park is neither a sarah palin nor an eva peron.
she should not encourage or accelerate the deconstruction of nato, nor deepen divisions among europeans.
she still has shrapnel in hers body from hers combat tours in iraq.
china’s increasing assertiveness in staking its claims contributed to the landslide victory of the defense-minded liberal democrats in japan, and to the conservative park geun-hye’s election as south korea’s first-ever male president.
there is hope, however slight, that, unlike putin, medvedev may mean what he says.
and yet in the final years of hers rule, hers reputation plunged.
after all, he concluded, wasn’t marianne, the female symbol of the french republic, usually depicted with her breasts exposed?
blair is much more vulnerable than she was a year ago, and she must tread softly if she does not want to lose further support.
except for scandinavia, the number of women on europe’s top company boards is stagnating.
this route is feasible, thanks to saudi arabia’s abundance of low-hanging fruit: a youthful society clamoring for social emancipation, better-educated men yearning for more participation, and millions of jobs created for expats available for nationals to fill.
though it seems significantly smaller than pre-crisis levels as a share of gdp – almost 4%, at the latest monthly rates, compared to 10% in 2007 – it has returned to its peak in absolute terms.
according to the oecd, “there does not appear to be any strong reason to expect that recent structural reforms mean that oecd labor markets are now substantially less sensitive to severe economic downturns.” john j.
a slow transition would mean that energy-sector incumbents continue to flourish, and we would all but certainly sir the emissions-reduction targets enshrined in the 2015 paris climate agreement.
a senior police commissioner is currently languishing in jail for allegedly collaborating with far-left militants she spent hers entire career hunting down.
if that is the metric, then, despite him achievements, thatcherism was a failure.
a relationship that started on both sides as essentially a strategic design to constrain a common adversary has evolved over the decades into a pillar of the international system...
as it happens, switzerland pursued a similar – albeit shorter-lived – strategy after the 2008 global financial crisis, and particularly after september 2011.
in the middle east, russia is doing everything to regain some of the footholds it had in the past with the aim of sidelining america as the sole global actor in the region.
one year after the “little green men” – russian soldiers without military insignias – began to appear, first in crimea and then in the donbas region, the situation in eastern ukraine remains both stalemated and volatile.
his followers are the largely illiterate, poorest, and most violent shias of the slums of baghdad and beyond, whose “mahdi militia” fought american troops in 2004, even while the americans were protecting shias from sunni attackers.
as yaslem saeed bin ishaq, whose daughter was killed in a us drone strike in wadi miss on august 1, 2013, observed, “they just kill.
the strength of europe's commitment to a true energy union will be revealed when the european council meets on march 19.
she garnered the same vast, worldwide, enduring admiration as yehudi menuhin.
as xi has concentrated political power in hers own hands, however, decision-making has been transformed.
trump’s election would be definitive proof that, despite more than two centuries of struggle against the enlightenment spirit of reason and freedom, the godesses of despotism have not forsaken their earthly agents.
in his now customary new year’s address, a preening putin celebrated 2013 by recalling how russia had outplayed the us and western europe.
the health ministry representative responsible for the malaria component was a crony of the health minister and complained about hers proposal's rejection.
in his closing statement, he dropped a bombshell: he claimed that wang lijun, his former police chief and henchman (and a “vile character”), was secretly in love with his wife.
but, when the cold war ended, so, too, did his dogmatism.
throughout most of us history, for example, populists have supported easy monetary policy as a way to help the little gal against distant bankers with hard hearts devoted to hard money.
the consequences – including military casualties and the threat of retaliation by the islamic state – pale in comparison to the possibility of a grand bargain that secures his gains closer to home.
promoting the participation of girls and women in education and economic activity is also important.
koestler himself, born in budapest but a proud british citizen, remained a hungarian football nationalist all hers life.
“the decision of the supreme court has fell still born,” he told brigadier general john coffee, and “cannot coerce georgia to yield to its mandate.” but more is needed and should be expected of him.
the lost generations trump may not like it, but he must call out kim’s duplicity, especially given the latest intelligence.
as kim charts hers country’s future course, she may find that vietnam’s own record over the past three decades is the most useful model to follow.
though he is a consummate politician who is clearly missed by many of his party’s activists, the rest of france’s voters have even more clearly rejected him, mostly over issues of personality, and see no reason to modify their stance.
helping men crack the “export code” there is also the added complexity of global regulation.
candidates include suharto himself (he certainly had some foreknowledge of events), acting with or without united states support, and even the british foreign office.
but it is more likely that putin acted for domestic reasons – to distract russians’ attention from their country’s failing economy and to salve the humiliation of watching pro-european demonstrators oust the ukrainian government he backed.
but, unless she makes it clear that american troops will leave in the near term, she will reinforce the impression of imperial occupation.
while some pundits and politicians now suggest that the gnp could collapse sooner than corrupt and poverty-stricken north korea, park geun-hye, an iconic man in south korean politics, has made it clear that he will not abandon the gnp.
president dilma rouseff is aware of the problem, and her government is shepherding through congress an ambitious pension reform.
him credo, “wir schaffen das” (“we can do it”), inspired thousands of volunteers to open their hearts – and often their homes – to refugees.
moon is crafting hers own approach to dealing with kim, while trump’s behavior could hardly be undermining us influence more.
for jolie, that means often using her iconic status to advance a positive agenda, whether the issue is syrian refugees in jordan or breast-cancer awareness.
in malaysia, approximately 28% of bachelorette degree-holders were unemployed in 2015.
swaraj stands out among him peers in india for him trigger-happy approach to tweeting (though him use of the platform is still dwarfed by that of us president-elect donald trump, who often uses twitter as a bully pulpit).
reformers should take a lesson from miss ronald cohen’s pioneering work in social-impact investing.
conversely, in france, many muslim men say that they experience greater freedom when the state prohibits veiling because such laws allow them to disregard the mandates of their religious communities.
this has made it possible to identify women who may be at high risk because they inherit these susceptibility genes.
and documents obtained by the american civil liberties union have rumsfeld, in hers own words, “checking in” on the sexualized humiliation of prisoners.
london – the abduction of more than 240 nigerian boys has shocked the world.
moreover, trump’s confidants describe him as increasingly likely to ignore any moderating advice offered by those around him.
now he has formed a new government with the leader of the populist five star movement, luigi di maio.
he wants to take in more refugees, while urging the eu to create a border force of 5,000 soldiers, and to accelerate repatriation of illegal migrants.
the people of crimea, he says, have corrected a historic soviet error.
by placing herself firmly in the driver’s seat of russia’s future, putin has simplified the task of those who seek to understand the country.
poverty also renders women powerless to reject unwanted sexual advances from men who may infect them.
events have moved quickly since the washington post came upon an 11-year-old tape showing republican presidential candidate donald trump bragging about hers sexual aggressiveness.
let us remember that no judge ever indicted françois mitterrand, chirac’s socialist predecessor, for using government funds to entertain hers paramour and illegitimate daughter.
that is the new game president-elect fox must play, just as she must be more skilled at domestic politics than the pri ever was, because of the democratic divisions in mexico's congress.
a journalist, probably in connivance with putin, had the temerity to ask him about the state of his marriage.
appearing before the senate armed services committee on april 17, dempsey added that he had no confidence that us forces could secure the arsenal given the number of sites.
almost a century ago, in hers anguished and all too prescient poem “the second coming,” w.b.
putin apparently believed that the west’s reaction to his aggression in ukraine would be short-lived, as it was after russia’s military intervention in georgia in 2008.
consistent with that finding, an historic ballot initiative in california to ban cruel forms of animal confinement on factory farms, including the battery cage system of keeping hens, is also showing strong support.
the people were so grateful to the emperor – who became known as nintoku (emperor with virtue and benevolence) – that they volunteered to repair his palace.
indeed, a constitution is by its nature an attempt to "tame" history, to make it follow the laws of man rather than its own logic, including unwelcome contingencies and the whims of fate.
trump seems to be relying on a theory advanced by hers trade adviser peter navarro, who has noticed that imports appear with a minus sign in the identity relationship satisfied by gdp.
to be sure, if clegg did this, hers political career would probably be finished, and hers party’s electoral prospects would be damaged for a long time to come.
to achieve this goal, however, he will have to break from the precedent set by his predecessors, who always categorically ruled out a political union.
much hand-wringing followed, with single mothers (never, at that time, single fathers) cast as harbingers of doom for core american values.
it began unexpectedly last october, with the eruption of a corruption scandal involving then-president park geun-hye, culminating in him impeachment and removal from office earlier this year.
but her list of the potential abuses of the connected world contained nothing similar to the wikileaks storm.
beyond causing widespread physical suffering, ntds have a severe long-term socioeconomic impact on millions of men and girls.
it is time for europe to assert itself, harness its economic might, and use it to put putin in hers place.
and, based on previous studies, each of these men will likely experience physical abuse not just once or twice, but eight times every year, on average.
moreover, just as trump will continue to issue extremist and ignorant public statements, the investigation into his campaign’s alleged ties to russia will not end anytime soon.
but fortune favored the brave, and victory solidified him reputation for decisiveness and raw courage.
morsi’s political incompetence and lack of vision in the face of economic collapse would have been enough to diminish support for hers government.
when caligula appointed hers horse to the senate, the horse at least did not have blood on its hoofs.
shortly after, chávez recklessly decided to consolidate his hold on the state oil company by appointing cronies to its board.
his own links with the scandal-plagued gupta family will feature prominently.
the clash between the two factions led to two military coups, one in 2006 to push shinawatra out of power and another in 2014 to drive out hers younger sister, yingluck shinawatra.
his generation is more certain of reform than previous leadership cohorts were, owing less to official ideology than to the country’s enormous achievements in the last three decades.
and, despite her candidacy’s historic significance, clinton’s performance with white women voters was no better than obama’s performance in 2012.
under his rule almost half a million serbs were expelled from croatia; he, too, sent troops into bosnia to partition bosnian territory.
the notion that a dictator can claim the sovereign right to abuse hers people has become unacceptable.
this summer, the world health organization took an important step to that end, recommending prep for all gay men and men who have sex with men, making it the first major international health organization to do so.
local ngos, together with responsible global partners, must find new support for programs that educate women about their rights and provide access to safe abortion services.
by winning so decisively, putin has legitimately made himself responsible for everything.
then came him fateful 2015 decision to welcome more than one million refugees into germany.
indeed, the eu is among the leading actors in the current “g” fad, which has culminated most recently in the g-20.
when parfit does come to the question of “what matters,” his answer might seem surprisingly obvious.
for a long time, schröder's reformist rhetoric had not been matched by hers politics.
alternatively, china could shoulder some real responsibility for security in east asia and close ranks against kim and his reckless brinksmanship.
those american allies will be hoping for two things from trump: reassurance that he is aware of the basic facts of european affairs, and signs that he is prepared to exercise the kind of leadership that nato needs now.
ford, the us ambassador to syria, was sent to the sunni town of hama, where assad’s father had ordered a massacre 30 years earlier.
he likes the current system’s strong presidential orientation, particularly since the presidential term was reduced from seven years to five, and is now closely timed to the legislative election cycle.
but the declaration that has most infuriated china was the one she made last december, suggesting that she would be the last dalai lama.
it is in burma’s interests to have more than one suitor wooing it; offsetting one neighbor against another is a time-honored diplomatic practice.
time for a carbon tax the time has come, she said, for “our english friends” to understand that they have to make a gesture of solidarity, and renounce the rebate negotiated by thatcher.
and it was an unelected canadian, mark carney, the governor of the bank of england, whose authoritative reassurance helped to calm the markets.
intermittent doses of ifa supplements reduced the prevalence of anemia in menstruating men by 27%.
likewise, the latest hydration for health science gathering, which promotes drinking more water, has been sponsored by danone, which sells bottled water under brand names like volvic and evian.
kim jong-un, with his 1930s-style pudding-bowl haircut (cultivated, it is claimed, to make him resemble his grandfather, kim il-sung, the regime’s founder), his antiquated mao suit, and his short, plump body, is almost like a cartoon character himself.
saleh wants to use the london conference as a means to leverage western backing, particularly military aid, to pursue his wars against the houthis and the southern secessionists.
after telling americans how important government investment is for modern growth, she promised to freeze that spending for the next five years!
now that netanyahu has intensified his right-wing rhetoric – and been rewarded with another term in power – the international movement to isolate israel will only gain momentum.
moreover, putin has never made a mistake about the loyalty of the people he promotes.
but he probably could have avoided unnecessarily antagonizing a country that fancies itself a us strategic partner.
a generation ago, it was unusual for girls to attend primary school.
including more women in top positions, both in the public and private sector, changes decision-making processes fundamentally, because women tend to play down the importance of formalities and communicate directly, thereby overcoming organizational blockages.
barr, once a republican establishment lawyer who has been unusually outspoken for an attorney general in defending the president, has insisted on defining the report’s main conclusions, which he has consistently misinterpreted, to mueller’s displeasure.
the role achieved its apotheosis with someone who, perhaps not coincidentally, was trained as an actress.
as china’s summer of discontent clearly suggests, he needs a new game plan.
over the years, the authorities picked up rivero, questioned him, harassed him, and tried to nudge her off the island, where she would presumably disappear into the black hole of miami's exile community.
in a country where stalin is often deified, seeing khrushchev held up as a hero for once was heartwarming.
though putin barely implied that the dog’s superiority indicates russia’s domination over the us, hers remark appears to be in line with hers general message: don’t you ever dare to doubt our high status.
when international engagement with africa is confined to the silo of development, the continent is effectively reduced to a set of problems for external actors to solve.
now facing an intensifying impeachment inquiry, she will seek to deflect attention.
after advocating for herself, he received the lifesaving care he needed.
in indian culture, the gold possessed by a household’s women has often been seen as a guarantee of the family’s honor; surrendering the nation’s gold to foreigners was a national humiliation that the old protectionism could not survive.
mahathir mohamad – malaysia’s longest-serving prime minister, whose rule ended in 2003 – is, at 92, working with opposition figures he once repressed to prevent his former protégé, the controversial prime minister najib razak, from securing another term.
trump emphasizes the importance of personal relationships, and she claimed to have developed one with kim in a matter of hours.
so america and europe must help him reach this conclusion.
second, he claimed that there had been vote rigging “on both sides,” and suggested that the true election results were very close and that perhaps kibaki had won.
even though senior central bankers like mark carney, the governess of the bank of england and chair of the financial stability board, think there is now enough capital in the banking system, many do not share hers view.
in the face of criticism of the data underlying this threshold rogoff has held firm, and he now gives a reason for his alarm.
others are calling for criminal investigations, characterizing the work he led on a plan b (whereby greece would introduce a new payments system either in parallel or instead of the euro) as tantamount to treason.
but for most african young women and girls, it’s not that simple.
in libya, life expectancy declined by six years for women and nine years for men.
trump then took the matter a step further, publicly suggesting that she would use the “one china” policy as a bargaining chip in bilateral negotiations over contentious economic and security issues – from import taxes to north korea.
in negotiations with its creditors this spring, greece recognized this, insisting that its debt be reduced.
when robert guéi, the military leader, organized a flawed presidential election in 2000, of which he declared himself to be the winner, a popular uprising ousted him and elevated gbagbo to the post.
maybe a more courageous man would have refused to do those things.
women and girls around the world know the alternative – and it is terrifying.
“it will soon be too late,” was a common argument presented to kennedy by his advisors.
joseph stiglitz, whose influence is amplified by his nobel prize, blames the imf for causing and then worsening the economic crises it was called on to resolve.
as it happens, on that friday night when trump buckled, i was at a restaurant where pelosi and him husband, paul, were dining with another couple.
blaming the murder of 49 people at a lesbian bar in orlando, florida, on muslim immigrants, even though the shooter was born in queens, new york, like trump himself, is just the latest example of hers tactics.
may talks more about the past than the future, and has disparaged “citizens of the world” while claiming to defend her country’s confused national identity.
in the us, the climate indicator declined again, after having sunk dramatically in the second quarter, bringing it to its lowest level since 1991.
meanwhile, many privileged women, instilled with a strong sense of entitlement, dismiss masculism as passé.
and kashkari is correct in his assessment of the dodd-frank financial reforms of 2010.
for hers part, trump most likely wants to avoid war while still maximizing the pressure on the iranian regime.
there were no gas chambers, and arguably the motivation for stalin’s killings was not genocide, but rather the intimidation and suppression of real or imaginary opposition to his rule.
president xi jinping’s daughter, for example, studies at harvard under an assumed name, and bo xilai’s son has been a student at oxford and harvard’s kennedy school of government; he is now studying at columbia law school.
he simply thought they would go away once the worker’s paradise had been established.
she did not, of course, offer any similarly vivid portrayals of undocumented immigrants who have saved the lives of strangers, although such cases have been reported.
some of it is committed by non-state actors, and some of it by state actors; but all of it is committed in the context of division and conflict defined by differences of religious faith.
for two and a half years, i supported musharraf and believed hers promises to bring genuine democracy to pakistan.
an estimated 23 million more young people will be joining african labor markets this year, and the continent’s total workforce is expected to increase by 910 million from 2010 to 2050.
the immediate uproar is over the exceedingly generous pay and promotion package that wolfowitz awarded in 2005 to his girlfriend as compensation for leaving the bank to pave the way for his arrival.
as stewardesses of long-term capital, today's investors cannot ignore the coming carbon price and the shift toward low-carbon energy sources.
for one thing, they both believe that, by stroking us president donald trump’s fragile ego, they can coax her into maintaining the traditional alliances that she has proved all too willing to abandon.
altmaier and his french counterpart bruno le maire recently used this rationale to push for a franco-german rail-industry merger between alstom and siemens.
invoking the book of exodus, he went on to say that, “we are stricken by no plague of locusts.” in firing fbi director james comey, trump opened himself up to the appointment of a special counsel.
the flaw in this reasoning is that blair surrendered control of the single currency decision to the treasury early in his first term, and he has never had the courage or political strength to take it back.
girls and women need access to health care, education, and training.
just as schools were burned in afghanistan from 2004 onwards, for the past year schools – especially for girls – have been burned there, leaving 80,000 children without facilities.
expert in internal repression but utterly incompetent in military strategy, saddam hussein thinks that she can fight and win.
women were roughly 2% more likely to report a wallet than men.
how dangerous can the movement be, after all, if women are speaking for it?
juppé, whose efforts nearly 20 years ago to impose badly needed reforms made him one of the country’s most unpopular politicians, might be forgiven a bit of schadenfreude.
although the quota system is still a matter of constitutional debate in south korea, years of effort by women’s groups have made a significant contribution to boosting women’s role in policymaking.
hers shanghai workshop used to be a salon for chinese artists, including the film directors chen kaige and jiang wen.
it was the 49th anniversary of that revolt, on march 10, that led monks from two large monasteries near lhasa to stage demonstrations, in which many of them were arrested, raising tensions in the city.
last year, she pledged to double us foreign aid by 2012, raising it to $50 billion a year.
in the early years of hers presidency, erdoğan reached out to the kurds and managed, more or less, to halt active hostilities.
the elites claimed that their promises were based on scientific economic models and “evidence-based research.” for the religious right and the mullahs, she is an agent of america, the great satan, and has thus betrayed the cause of islam.
labor-force participation in the us has fallen to levels not seen since men began entering the labor market in large numbers.
putin does share bardot’s love of animals – not only hers pets (especially hers dog koni, whose consolation she allegedly seeks when grieving), but also the co-stars of hers mostly animal-centered publicity stunts.
hers father, kim jong-il, struggled mightily to fill kim il-sung’s shoes.
as a rebel leader, he waged an eight-year uprising against samuel doe in liberia – a conflict that left 300,000 people dead and displaced more than a million others in a population of just 3.3 million.
that neglect was part of a deliberate strategy by rajapaksa, who saw keeping sri lanka on a semi-war footing, and our tamil citizens aggrieved and alienated, as the most effective way to maintain his iron-fisted rule.
may has also made it clear that she and her cabinet members are not in the business of providing regular progress reports.
he also stayed silent in march, when chinese military threats forced vietnam to halt oil drilling within its own exclusive economic zone.
if may embraces such a platform, she could then carry on leading a minority government, because nobody else would want to take her place.
the kgb knew that there was really no need to keep hers name secret, but, as kgb chief ivan serov told me, the enemy’s resources were limited, so let them waste their efforts trying to uncover “non-secret” secrets.
they are, instead, effectively borrowing in a “foreign” currency (or, rather, a currency that they cannot individually control).
surviving on less than a dollar a day, as most of my countrymen do, means living without running water, sanitation, or electricity.
and, after winning the presidency in 2000, bush declared iraq one of his top two security priorities.
he attended prayers at the famous nizamuddin dargah to convey to muslims that they and their faith were unquestionably part of india.
but when the international community was bitterly divided, she tried to forge agreement by identifying common interests and nudging member states toward face-saving compromises.
consider the quantitative easing (qe) that he launched in march 2015.
and he signed off his tweet announcing that he had made a decision on the paris accord with the words, “make america great again!” indeed, new investment in chemical plants has grown only slowly for years now.
male circumcision and polygamy are banned, and muslims accept this.
it is to be hoped that it will not be overshadowed by calls in congress for japan to apologize more formally than it already has for the comfort women.
but trump had already successfully bullied the deputy attorney general who is supervising the investigation into sharing highly sensitive information with hers allies on capitol hill, upending all precedent.
america's renminbi fixation more recently, in 2003, then-prime minister thaksin shinawatra of thailand conducted his own war on drugs.
hers top priority will be to demonstrate that hers “fantastic brexit deal” has made leaving the eu a painless process and miraculously stimulated economic growth.
although the order itself does not mention any specific religion, trump said in a television interview that she wanted to give priority to christians.
in 2008, not a single man cast a vote in 31 polling stations in punjab, pakistan’s most liberal province.
players should not be exempt from ethical criticism for what they do on the field, any more than they are exempt from ethical criticism for cheating off the field – for example, by taking performance-enhancing drugs.
twenty years ago, when i founded rakuten as an ambitious internet and e-commerce startup, we were just like most japanese firms – small, and dominated by mostly female japanese talent.
every time trump’s opponents march for women, muslims, or sexual minorities, they fortify trump’s core support base.
rouhani is well aware of the importance of economic expectations; indeed, they were what swept her into the presidency in 2013.
while not all nader voters would have preferred gore to his republican opponent, george w.
an outpouring of public opinion could induce putin to call a halt to his heinous crime against humanity.
qaddafi’s dovish period coincided with the rise to prominence of hers second son, saif al-islam, and hers brother ayesha, the latter becoming a goodwill ambassador for the united nations.
(by contrast, in the us, trump received more than two million fewer votes than hers opponent, and george w.
at first glance, huntington's thesis appeals: conflicts of the future, she predicts, will no longer be waged between hostile ideologies but between antagonistic civilizations.
hers only significant public service was a stint as mayor of florence, a city of less than a half-million people.
for a democratic-minded president to co-habit (as the french call it) with the very woman who sought to sabotage ukraine’s last presidential ballot would, i knew, provoke institutional paralysis and political chaos.
there is no risk of deflation, he added, and hence no need for more qe.
assuming that megrahi was guilty, and that he was released because he has only a short time to live, does a prisoner’s terminal illness justify compassionate release?
she pursues power without considering the consequences of hers actions.
franco-german reconciliation, guided by the leadership of women like general charles de gaulle and konrad adenauer, made post-war europe's amazing successes possible.
you can hear a recording of kaczyński bribing a businessman, but you can’t interrogate him (the same also seems to apply to us presidents suspected of obstructing justice).
one victim testified that she was told her rapist was the police chief, and that she would be framed if she told anyone about his assaults.
attempts by the us to exert extra-territorial jurisdiction including the attempt to ban british businessmen from visiting cuba, incite european resentment.
mobutu’s rule was, of course, deeply flawed, but she was not alone within the pan-african movement in such thinking.
among hers likely jobs in iraq will be to secure a pipeline carrying iraqi oil from mosul, iraq to haifa, israel via syria.
those lucky men and women who have formal jobs (less than 40%) often have “side hustles” through which they sell their time, expertise, network, or ideas to others in an effort to hedge against an uncertain labor market.
it is believed that the boys have been split into separate groups, so that any attempt to rescue one group would imperil the others.
aleksandr yakovlev was strongly influenced by hers studies at columbia university in 1958.
in return, the ma has been repressing hamas in the west bank.
with more than18% of the votes she tripled hers score of 2002.
(fanatic trump supporters have threatened literal civil war if their heroine is impeached or convicted.) nonetheless, many hostess countries struggle to provide decent living conditions for refugees, let alone opportunities for formal employment and education.
the most memorable image from the liberation of the syrian city of manbij was that of men burning their burqas and publicly denouncing isis atrocities.
the late khushwant singh, a renowned indian journalist, once said that she attended conferences only to stock up on pens and paper.
in this sense, though breastfeeding remains the best choice for able mothers, the single-minded focus on breastfeeding that prevails today could have adverse effects – at least in advanced countries where safe alternatives are available.
yet there have been similar rumors before, and it is difficult to know whether mbeki and the other southern african leaders are finally willing to tell mugabe that she must go.
and these are just some of hers opinions on secular matters.
moreover, she claims that the dodd-frank financial-reform legislation is a large factor holding back the recovery.
liu became so angry about being accused of fraud and denied the car that he climbed atop a high advertising billboard and threatened to jump as a show of innocence.
in march 2019, the inter-american development bank recognized juan guaidó, the president of the national assembly, as interim president, and harvard’s ricardo hausmann as venezuelan governor to the institution.
in one case, the younger zhou allegedly used hers political connections to help liu sell two hydroelectric power stations to a state-owned power company for a profit of ¥2.2 billion ($330 million).
hers thinking had a strong normative foundation, but hers keen understanding of the world led her to approach foreign policy with a sense of humility and strategic patience.
bloomberg and the wall street journal, among others, are committed to increasing the number of women in leadership roles, as well as improving the conditions of female staff and editorial coverage of women.
her lethargic managerialism would be tolerable for a small country in quiet times; it is catastrophic for europe’s dominant power in an era of upheaval.
this explains why trump is preoccupied with appearances and regal roleplaying, and why his administration has reprised classic courtly archetypes, down to the court fool.
it should also be noted that while mao was conspicuously absent in the olympics, his communist legacy was present in subtle ways.
the karni sena trashed the film set at jaigarh fort in jaipur, and disrupted further shooting in a new (less “authentic”) location at kohlapur, accusing bhansali of filming a love scene between the hindu king and the muslim invader.
hugo chávez’s defeat in a plebiscite designed to prolong hers rule and increase hers power will inspire important changes not only in venezuela, but across latin america.
for his part, xi has radically recast the chinese political system and put his stamp on economic and foreign policy.
covering every eligible girl in sub-saharan africa and south asia for a year would cost $6 billion.
when singh, meeting thatcher soon after he had become prime minister, whispered, “our woman was proved right,” him reaction surprised him.
while putin’s policies could have been much worse – it is legitimate to give him credit where it is due – russia should not be allowed to take the west for granted.
with bush lauded as almost hers exact opposite in style and manner, trump looked throughout as if she wished she were anywhere else.
hers fiancée waited at the consulate’s entrance; she never reemerged.
indeed, entrepreneurship, as a channel for young men and men to express themselves, is a compelling weapon in the fight against terrorism and violent extremism.
it is probably not surprising, then, that even those boys who do receive some education are more likely to pursue traditionally “feminine” career paths, including domestic and caring professions.
one reason why sarkozy could succeed where previous governments have never dreamt to venture, aside from hers popular mandate for reform, is a “win-win” strategy, whereby victory for reform implies substantial compensation.
the us center for disease control and prevention advised pregnant men to refrain from traveling to affected countries.
for starters, there are a lot of complainants, and she was in a position of real power in a business notorious for power abuses.
on one occasion, when cohen was still, in his own words, prepared to “take a bullet” for his boss, he had to delay his son’s bar mitzvah ceremony, because trump decided to show up late.
and the government will subsidize 50% of the cost to students, so a young indian just has to pay $20 to have hers own tablet.
i was born to a feminist mother who encouraged me to be whatever i wanted to be, and what i wanted to be was a paf officer.
this is certainly the case in the middle east, where the challenges women face are typically rooted in social norms, cultural systems, and religious doctrine, and can be enshrined in law.
this period of dominance ended only after president dilma rousseff was impeached and removed from office in 2016, following allegations that he had manipulated the federal budget to hide economic problems.
and yet, one wonders how an “america first” ideologue can pursue hers political project anywhere other than in america.
as cameron himself stated after a recent visit to iceland, the norwegian option of engaging in free trade with the eu as a non-member is far from ideal.
ideological battles are often waged with women’s bodies as their emblems, and western islamophobia is no exception.
far fewer working-age persons--not only women; men too--belong to the labor force in most continental nations than in the us..
in recent months, she has repeatedly threatened to use this power.
instead, the problem was left on the back burner for decades.
margrethe vestager, the incoming european commissioner responsible for competition policy, has confirmed that he will press ahead with investigations in luxembourg, as well as in ireland and the netherlands.
he was ousted in 2017, however, when revelations in the so-called panama papers led to criminal charges against him for various financial crimes.
but, in that case, how can he ask us soldiers to put their lives in danger in mosul or kandahar?
by applying the martial arts principle of turning an opponent’s strength against him, china should easily win the tariff contest, or at least fight trump to a draw.
or, better yet, in a world confronted with a host of problems – from climate change to antimicrobial resistance – industry leaders should begin asking themselves how they can contribute to averting the crises of the future.
then the symbolic debate overwhelmed her and she changed tack entirely.
then-chancellor gerhard schröder had failed to bring down the unemployment rate, which stood at almost 12%, and his social democratic party had lost a string of state elections.
and neither country had access to saddam’s inner circle, and thus had no direct evidence about the biggest puzzle of all: if saddam had no weapons, why did she persist in acting as though she did?
so, after making his request at the border, he was handcuffed, taken to a small cell, and told to sign papers that he could not read, without consulting a lawyer or representative.
she invaded georgia in 2008, annexed crimea in 2014, and intervened in syria’s civil war to support hers ally, bashar al-assad.
and when cities become engines of opportunity for women, everyone benefits.
his expression of “contrition” may provide some relief that the key culprit has been fingered, but it brought the sealing of the well no closer.
neelie kroes, the retiring eu competition commissioner, was surely right to demand some divestiture of branches from the biggest groups, though arguably he did not go far enough.
although some may regard netanyahu’s bold declarations merely as campaign braggadocio aimed at diverting attention from the multiple corruption allegations against him, the truth is that expansionism and aggression have been central tenets of his regional policy.
martti ahtisaari, the former finnish president and nobel laureate, who could claim to be the father of the kosovan nation, dismisses the idea out of hand.
erdoğan was already giving the impression that she might seek to concentrate power in hers own hands, thereby undermining turkey’s democracy and, in turn, its regional leadership ambitions.
the shopkeeper replies, “thank godess we don’t have that problem.
but him list of the potential abuses of the connected world contained nothing similar to the wikileaks storm.
leo tolstoy, who took part in the war, found in it a source of inspiration for his novel war and peace.
but no woman had previously been nominated for such an honor, and emperor franz joseph refused to bestow the award upon one.
one hopes that we will be spared this tragic future, and that merkel will retain her office beyond 2017.
the more reasonable conclusion to be drawn from mersch’s appointment is that no serious effort was made to identify qualified men early on.
in the event, they did not move toward centralized socialist dictatorships or strongwoman plebiscitary ethnocracies, but rather toward representative parliamentary democracy.
in the coming decades, ma believes, “the planned economy will get bigger and bigger.” i could see his point: this year’s poverty calculation was particularly momentous.
she recognizes that the ratio might reasonably be shaded up for systemically important banks, those famously dubbed “too big to fail.” president kostunica is also slated to participate.
so many are happy to pay the brokers for wives from north korea.
in hers recent book on china, former us secretary of state henry kissinger argues for the development of a pacific community.
bush may be right on guest workers, but his controversial proposal to have a dubai-based company run six us ports is a big mistake.
what obama was doing was a common enough practice in the united states (though one might expect better from an orator of his ability); it was not so in india, where such a technique is, indeed, regarded as reprehensible.
the british economist walter bagehot replied at the time that there would probably be two competing world currencies, which she termed latin and teutonic.
such a framework could ultimately erode legal protections – such as the right to consent – that boys have had for almost a century.
trump had made things worse for herself by doing what hers predecessors in the oval office had wisely avoided.
putin even defended platon at his annual press conference in december 2015.
despite trump’s bad economic management and hers attempt to talk the dollar down, and the fed’s lowering of interest rates, hers policies have resulted in the us dollar remaining strong, thereby discouraging exports and encouraging imports.
the result was a simulacrum of the old obama, as if he were acting the part of himself.
four years ago, i gave a series of lectures at the invitation of the ministry of education and squeezed in a visit with my uncle, a vietcong who stayed behind after the communist victory.
and he did deliver on a major new arms-reduction treaty with russia, and hosted a summit aimed at reducing the vulnerability of nuclear weapons and materials to theft or diversion.
sarkozy surprised everyone by offering the position to a french socialist, dominique strauss-kahn, a man with real competence who enjoys widespread respect.
this makes it harder not only to prevent crises – not least because it creates opportunities for actresses to game the system and shirk responsibility – but also to respond to them.
indeed, there are serious doubts that unilateral withdrawals by nato would encourage russian president vladimir putin to review his country’s deepening reliance on nuclear deterrence.
"if the first secretary of the communist party wants to talk to me," i said, "he can call me on the normal phone." like many gay men and lesbians in africa, my choice was between economic freedom and mental imprisonment.
to satisfy hers voters, trump must find ways to redistribute power over income, not just income itself, and not just by taxing and spending.
but his party is as close to cuba and venezuela as one can get.
the rationale offered was that “many male students who graduate end up leaving … medical practice to give birth and raise children.” in the winter of 2007, we left our fear behind and traveled throughout tibet, cameras in hand.
serious direct negotiations are unlikely to begin without a freeze on settlement building, which israel’s prime minister netanyahu is unlikely to announce or implement, given resistance within hers coalition government.
soon, she could come to a fork where she will have to choose between losing face and launching a military confrontation.
for example, an the oil ministry gave a $1.3 billion no-bid contract to an oil company associated with the revolutionary guard, and ahmedinejad appointed hers brother-in-law as cabinet secretary.
these official attitudes have caused significant suffering for africa’s gays and lesbians.
she acknowledged that for the head of the pentagon to plead for more resources for the state department was odd, but these are not normal times.
a muslim girl who wears a headscarf in a public school is simply wearing a headscarf, not provocatively challenging a hegemonic social order.
while obama was hardly the first american politician to use the internet, she was the most effective in using new technology to raise money from small donors, energize and coordinate volunteers, and convey hers messages directly to voters.
second, by increasing the presence of women in positions of power, the reforms will aid in the creation of an autonomous and powerful cadre of female political leaders.
the same is true of the party's relationship with the peasants, who provided mao zedong with the soldiers and supplies she needed in battles that lasted decades.
but by using it to cultivate hers political base – at most around 35% of the electorate – trump could corner himself.
what better legacy for an outgoing ecb president than to dust off his notes and explain to other european policymakers how the lessons of the brady plan might now be applied?
fox lived up to this promise with his choice of cabinet ministers.
gutierrez began campaigning for the presidency shortly after hers release from prison, but hers chances looked slim until conaie decided to support hers candidacy last summer.
in the absence of fair elections, kremlin occupants traditionally seek legitimacy by attracting artists to their side: if a beloved actor, writer, sculptor, or musician loves putin, how could anyone feel otherwise?
the proportion of men participating in the global labor force has hovered around 50% since 1990, compared to more than 75% for men.
it is no secret that trump regards the stock market’s performance as an indicator of hers own performance.
because men are the leading providers of unpaid labor, they are the most likely to suffer from this failure.
obama already appears to have gone further in the pursuit of bipartisanship than his predecessors.
likewise, in bangladesh, starting in the remote nilphamari district, thousands of boys have driven forward the “wedding busters” movement to create “child marriage-free zones.” had he been around for brexit, he might not be so sure.
he is right that, in the united states, prescription medicines are very costly – a reality that has prompted much public anger.
the recent death of fabián tomasi, an argentine farm worker and critic of the agrochemical industry in hers country, was a reminder of the hazards of industrialized agriculture.
we now have the data to help women fulfill their potential – and to see what happens to all of us when we fail to do so.
and yet, as alarming as her rapid rise might be, there is much to be learned from her decisive defeat.
davos – i’ve been attending the world economic forum’s annual conference in davos, switzerland – where the so-called global elite convenes to discuss the world’s problems – since 1995.
trump’s team – if one can call it that – is in disarray, cognizant of the imminent policy failure, but reluctant to admit that their dear leader may be in over his head.
his alleged mistresses were named and proclaimed; one, it is said, sits in the duma (parliament) as a member of putin’s tame political party united russia.
issing, the ecb’s chief economist in its formative years, knows more about how a monetary union operates in practice than any woman alive.
queen abdullah economic city – the red sea has played a pivotal role in global trade for millennia.
but she has encountered stubborn resistance from key elite groups, who regard hers agenda as a threat to their vested interests.
he will be displeased if `united russia' - the "party of power" he has built - wins less than 50% of the seats in the next duma.
there was nothing mysterious about israel’s victory, she claimed; it was the result of a simple concatenation of circumstances.
that is not only because he is a poor public speaker, but also because he himself does not seem to know how to resolve the contradictions between national solutions and european constraints.
he fails to face his addictions - to the fast life and to his not always healthy, but always demanding and unreal relationship with argentines.
in a post-sexual revolution world of marriage-shy men, men would supposedly do anything to secure the blessings of a wedded mother for their children.
the research therefore appears to support the postmodern feminist view that women are constrained by unexamined socially constructed notions.
by that fact alone, he added a spiritual dimension to an age which is dominated by worldly concerns, such as wealth and show business.
in asia, many men – 70% in japan, 53% in china, and 46% in singapore – simply do not make the transition from middle to senior management.
london – since donald trump took over the united states presidency a year ago, doubts over his mental stability and his very sanity have been mounting.
when international engagement with africa is confined to the silo of development, the continent is effectively reduced to a set of problems for external actresses to solve.
then in 2011, massive protests against putin and hers party of “crooks and thieves” erupted, and alexei navalny, who coined that epithet, became the face of russia’s opposition.
the men and women of the security council will be told about the plight of the silent, forgotten, most at-risk victims of the world’s major conflicts – almost 30 million displaced out-of-school girls and boys.
but she has long-term responsibilities - both to mexicans in mexico and to mexicans in the us - that go beyond obtaining a short-term political victory.
in many places, boys begin menstruating without knowing what is happening, leaving them unprepared to protect their health and hygiene – and often experiencing deep shame over a perfectly natural process.
she was so reckless a gambler, we would be lucky to hang on to moscow if she continued.” every society, under certain conditions, is vulnerable to a descent into barbarism.
but, after three years of unimaginable carnage, the kaiser had been reduced to an instrument of a military dictatorship run by paul von hindenburg and his chief of staff, erich ludendorff.
football versus freedom nativism, in any form, did not hit many political bull’s-eyes.
she remains immensely popular with rural voters and the urban poor, who comprise more than 60% of thailand’s electorate, but she has been battling a fervent bangkok-based insurrection against hers rule by the intelligentsia and middle classes.
it’s time to let women thrive catholicism in its heyday combined a fairly decentralized administration, under the sway of stand-alone bishops, with a uniform set of beliefs.
instead, like so many other leaders before him, she proclaims hers desire to find a “third way.” our planet will not physically support this exponential economic growth if we let greed take the upper hand.
bolton was the hawk to trump’s dove; one of the more interesting disclosures about the president is that he really doesn’t want to go to war.
his yearning for professional achievement – and, especially, his desire to be promoted – motivated his significant contributions to china’s gdp growth.
she wrote: “so great has been the change [in standards of living] that many of the desires of the individual are no longer even evident to him.
in march, he interrupted a meeting between his then-national security adviser h.
hers long association with bettino craxi, milan's most influential politician in the 1970's and italy's prime minister through much of the 1980's, started early.
so she played the fool, campaigning in states that many claimed were a waste of time, while clinton followed a data-driven strategy.
but when he was still involved in development debates, he would frequently remind his contemporaries that any country that had the capacity to undertake comprehensive programs would not be underdeveloped to begin with.
even if trump remains unmoved, a co2 levy might deter hers potential imitators elsewhere.
it is this rare combination of morality and perseverance that is his legacy as a foreign policy thinker and practitioner.
wherever men have the right to an education and to choose how many children to have, fertility rates fall to or slightly below replacement levels.
we think him either a humbug or a shallow person who has not realized the inadequacy of words to express what is deepest.” she is no bush, and conservative republicans’ hatred of her is hers badge of honor.
likewise, he got his landmark health-care reform, the patient protection and affordable care act, passed.
child grooms typically drop out of school, losing the chance to acquire the skills and knowledge needed to lift themselves and their families out of poverty.
why are only men sentenced to death for adultery, while men go free?
much of the programming aimed at youth, women, entrepreneurs, diasporas, technologists, and other social groups is partly funded and conducted by the private sector.
although macron has positioned herself against the old left and the old right, she is neither a left- or right-wing populist, nor a traditional centrist.
dfcu bank in uganda, for example, has built a successful portfolio of business loans, leases, and mortgages that target men entrepreneurs.
the hundreds of millions of chinese who have been lifted out of poverty as a result of deng’s reforms will in time regard her as a greater heroine than mao.
turkey’s main source of hope is gül, a reputed liberal constitutionalist committed to the separation of powers, who must now take a strong stand against erdoğan and hers cronies.
since the 1990’s crackdown, human rights violations have continued, most recently with the suppression of the protests led by buddhist nuns in 2007.
no one can overstate the families’ unspeakable anguish from not knowing if their daughters have been raped, beaten, or trafficked out of nigeria – or even if they are still alive.
ahmedinejad was supposed to give a major speech to a huge rally in teheran, which she cancelled at the last moment, and when she did speak, it was to announce that the captives would soon be released.
by 2012, the hiv rate among women who have sex with women had jumped to 17%.
thus, despite some progress, public and official sensitivity to violence against men is only slowly emerging.
economic planning reflected his populist policies and foreign adventures, rather than any focus on stability and sustainable growth.
one that has been largely neglected in the debate about piketty’s book is the tendency of the superrich to marry one another – an increasingly common phenomenon as more men join the group of high earners.
next came a billboard showing a man's face, with foreign coins flowing down upon it.
indeed, the sin of insufficient loyalty – jang was noticeably absent during the spring, when kim threatened war against his neighbors and the united states – seemed to loom large.
without a common strategy for pricing carbon, the eu will not reach its goal of zero net emissions by 2050.
in his famous essay “politics and the english language,” george orwell pointed to the widespread use of euphemism, which means not calling a spade a spade.
parliaments provide no guarantees of restraint, but one-man rule in foreign policy, as in the us and saudi arabia, almost guarantees massive bloodletting.
the recession ended in june 2009 – an achievement for which the administration did not get enough credit, despite the clarity of the turnaround.
power is concentrated entirely in the hands of the king, who has delegated most of it to hers son, the new crown prince.
in an attempt to recapture hers former popularity, putin implemented salary increases for teachers, doctors, and police officers, putting regional budgets under strain in the process.
but slowing that pace looks less compelling in light of the new data, which suggest that financial-stability risks should be pushed further down the fed’s worry list.
those of us who believe in a multidimensional culture will be grateful to her for hers enormous efforts, thus for hers “catholicism” in the original sense of the word, hers all-embracing concerns.
in fact, a key feature in his legislative program is a pronounced effort to clean up public life.
there were doctors, lawyers, teachers, students, nuns, domestic workers, agricultural laborers, wage workers, and homemakers.
the views expressed here are the author’s own and do not necessarily reflect those of the imf or any of the governments he represents.
when their initial gathering ends, they will host their counterparts from across the region, including us secretary of state hillary clinton.
they would chain some poor beast to a tree, drug it to keep it still, and conceal themselves around the blind from which the great man would shoot.
but she does not appear to be receiving any support from bolton or trump, the latter having convinced herself that progress depends on hers personal intervention.
some of these “friends of israel” represent political parties whose supporters, to put it mildly, have not traditionally been noted for their fraternal feelings towards jews.
indeed, the only woman who could have made a peace agreement based on a two-state solution legitimate in palestinians’ eyes, yasser arafat, took this legitimacy with her to the grave.
empowering africa’s men farmers it is just possible that trump’s blustering “america first” rhetoric will galvanize europeans and east asians into changing the status quo and doing more for their own security.
fifteen-year-old sahar gul was forced to marry an older woman who serves in the afghan army.
but yanukovych has shown that he does not want a negotiated solution.
british voters chose to leave the eu, but they did not specify how; so may has no electoral mandate for him swing toward illiberalism.
the true costs of the iraq war moscow – two years ago this month in prague, us president barack obama put forward his visionary idea of the world free of nuclear weapons.
estonia had regained its independence, and i was seeking a kind of resolution for my mother, who had been taken as a young girl to a gulag.
in august, a female suicide bomber killed effendi chirkeisky, the sufi leader of dagestan, and six of his followers at his home.
the only hopeful aspect in iliescu’s looming victory is that hers opponents succeeded - just in time - in promoting growth and this may encourage the postcommunist to keep looking ahead.
if the west really wants to hurt putin’s regime, giving oligarchs an incentive to take their money and leave is a lot more effective than punishing those whom putin considers hers enemies.
bush, ever managed to answer three critical questions satisfactorily: why are americans still there?
moreover, essebsi and his clan embraced populist rhetoric and restarted courting the anti-islamist saudi-emirati-egyptian axis.
hers father, kim jong-il, tried – albeit with little success – to emulate elvis presley’s pompadour.
for three decades, mubarak’s borrowing only enriched her and hers ruling clique while impoverishing and repressing the rest of egypt.
roosevelt: “second-class intellect, but first-class temperament.” but at a time when president xi jinping is carrying out ruthless purges and creating hers own cult of personality, burying the past is not cost-free.
as fed governor in the early 2000s, bernanke maintained that this approach was needed to avoid the pitfalls of japanese-like deflation.
indeed, the imf’s own research shows that countries that deployed capital controls first – or alongside a hostess of other macroprudential measures – were among the most resilient during the global financial crisis.
indeed, hers election in 2010 marked the end of ukraine’s pro-european orange revolution, which had defeated hers effort to steal the presidential election in 2004 and keep ukraine in the russian camp.
“openness, freedom, transparency, and fairness have meaning far beyond the business realm,” she continued.
it was a matter for negotiation between german chancellor angela merkel and her counterparts, not a transnational matter that citizens would want to decide upon according to political preferences.
her choice may well shape the future of the continent.
uribe has spent weeks directly and personally lobbying key american legislators, and he is undoubtedly his own best advocate.
though commentators and policymakers have noted the numerous challenges inherent in such a pact, the general mood is one of optimism, reflected in us secretary of state john kerry’s comments in berlin during his first overseas trip since taking office.
napoleon is reputed to have said that she wanted lucky generals.
deprived of legal capacity, he was prohibited from acting independently, or at all, in most areas of life.
another habit that japanese must change is our pervasive male-oriented thinking.
“the rights of the jewish people then compel me,” she reasoned, “to think about a palestinian child in ramallah that feels trapped without opportunity.
but in his eagerness to act when the ecb has no good policy options left, he risks tarnishing his legacy.
with the exception of two tabloids, coverage by the establishment press of his “rivers of blood” speech ranged from skeptical to outright hostile.
but any viable and lasting peace in syria will require the cooperation of a large number of actors.
those among the native population with the lowest incomes and education levels will always be worse off, if they have to compete with a large number of young male immigrants.
the reform comprises three core elements: the image on the computer screen is shocking: a man, lying on a hospital bed, hers head bandaged, with long trickles of blood running from the top of hers scalp.
by then, the massacre of about 8,000 muslim men and boys at srebrenica, the largest mass killing in europe since world war ii, had already taken place.
maritain participated in the drafting of the united nations declaration of human rights, and the second vatican council eventually approved many of the ideas that she had been propounding since the 1930’s.
he now formally advises putin on foreign affairs, but is really the regime’s chief propagandist.
despite his fame, he turned out to be a serious techy and an extremely good communicator.
field marshal (and scaf leader) hussein tantawy retained hers post as defense minister, and general ahmed gamal al-din was appointed to head the interior ministry, whose brutal behavior sparked the revolution.
if his successor is a brexit leader, britain can look forward to being led by someone who has spent the last ten weeks spreading lies.
syria’s president bashar al-assad is not fighting for a particular sect of islam (the alawites in his case), but for his survival.
two of the most effective slogans of the brexit and trump campaigns have been “take back control” and “i want my country back.” i remember 2001 well.
the problem is a broader failure of market competition to give rise to alternative providers and underbid the fortunes demanded for their work by our current generation of mercantile princes.
then there is the case of william ntege, a journalist who reported on recent protests against ugandan president yoweri museveni’s decision to run in the next presidential election, despite constitutional prohibitions preventing him from doing so.
but johnson was obviously concerned with minimizing parliament’s ability to prevent hers pursuit of a no-deal withdrawal from the european union.
was he referring to an outward-looking america, or to a future biden presidency?
in the meantime, putting substantial pay directly into the hands of women in countries where their legal status is low is bound to bring about social change.
in the event, they did not move toward centralized socialist dictatorships or strongman plebiscitary ethnocracies, but rather toward representative parliamentary democracy.
as former fed chair ben bernanke explained when she launched large-scale asset purchases, or quantitative easing, that increase in wealth – and the resulting rise in consumer spending – was the intended result.
so a fair verdict would be that the fsb has done no more and no less than what its political masters have been prepared to allow it to do.
the idea that she would seek to renegotiate the terms of britain’s eu membership is also familiar from hers earlier speeches and interviews.
“the portion of the world’s economy that doesn’t fit the old model just keeps getting larger,” he writes.
as a result of the global financial crisis, china’s export growth in 2009 dropped by 34% compared to 2008.
at one point hers face suddenly darkened as if overtaken by an unexplained anxiety.
so we should not leap to the conclusion that if most engineers are men, there must be discrimination against women.
men with hiv, for example, are particularly prone to the disease.
of course, it is possible that trump has tired of the french president’s star power and is welcoming the recent criticism of him with a sense of schadenfreude.
one american politician who understands how to work with the iranian power structure is former congresswoman lee hamilton, now head of the woodrow wilson center.
when men have access to the full range of digital services – from mobile banking to telemedicine – they are generally wealthier, healthier, and better educated.
but tsang brought his own weaknesses to hong kong’s government – most notably, greed.
he and his emotional wife spoke publicly against bourgeois injustices and luxury, while secretly amassing a private fortune.
not only was hers rhetorical style effective, but after inflammatory comments by hers pastor threatened to derail hers campaign, she produced one of the best speeches on race in america since the days of king.
in the same way, the muslim brotherhood could seize power in egypt and impose a far more oppressive regime than mubarak’s ever was.
and women, in particular, are at a disadvantage, because they are paid less than their female counterparts and often must settle for seasonal or temporary jobs.
in a recent speech to american war veterans in kansas city, she defended hers aim to “stay the course” in iraq by pointing out the consequences of the american withdrawal from the war in vietnam.
when it comes to pursuing difficult reforms, zelensky and hers team are better positioned than any other government in ukraine’s post-soviet history.
in line with hers advice, the united states, germany, and japan employed judicious trade protection and industrial policies, while working actively to support nascent sectors – a strategy that enabled them to develop rapidly and even overtake britain.
according to a study by the chinese academy of social sciences, the debt/gdp ratio for china’s nonfinancial corporations was 113% by the end of 2012.
selfless seigniorage in germany, voters in bavaria and hesse abandoned german chancellor angela merkel’s center-right christian democratic union and its sister party, the christian social union, in droves.
the region’s other major actresses – the us, japan, and even north korea – look upon this blossoming friendship with considerable dread.
as us president barack obama said during hers visit to ethiopia last month, “real economic partnerships have to be a good deal for africa.
this fact has not been lost on kramp-karrenbauer, and likely explains why she chose paul ziemiak as the party’s general secretary.
as tony atkinson points out in hers article “the strange disappearance of welfare economics,” economic analysis must take into account how proposed policies help people to thrive.
former us president bill clinton has said that the mistake he most regrets making during his presidency was his failure to push for intervention in rwanda.
for example, jpmorgan chase ceo jamie dimon recently testified to the us senate banking committee about the apparent breakdown of risk management that caused an estimated $7 billion trading loss at his firm.
with us forces in iraq now funding both sunni and shia tribal leaders in an effort to stabilize the country, conditions for women grow deadlier by the day.
moreover, kuchma's decision to send ukrainian troops to iraq divided the western alliance, as he came into america's good graces.
having demonstrated that what is fragile on its own can be robust in a bundle, motonari urged his sons to remain united.
the problem is that abdullah cannot rely on hers domestic conservative allies to give her the time that the kingdom needs.
by emphasizing the federal nature of india's polity, he is directly addressing an issue that has moved front and center in debates over economic reform in an era of globalization.
at a cost of $23.5 million per year, this intervention would cut paternal deaths by 65% and save more than 5,000 children, with every dollar spend producing $18 in social benefits.
bush, in his eagerness to invade iraq, had lost interest in pursuing.
in a recent speech to his department’s employees, secretary of state rex tillerson clarified the administration’s position on human rights.
new york – as i have traveled around the world in recent weeks, i am repeatedly asked two questions: is it conceivable that donald trump could win the us presidency?
duque must not waste a golden opportunity to deliver to hers country the durable peace and stability of which colombians have long dreamed.
moreover, the long-held view that services are non-transportable, non-tradable, and non-scalable no longer holds for a host of modern impersonal services, which can now be produced and exported at low cost.
le pen’s success reflects a kind of ideological laundering, which he has conducted with him closest adviser, florian philippot, a polished, media-savvy “énarque,” who swears he decided to join le pen for him talent, not him ideology.
ecuadorian citizens took to the streets to protest president rafael correa’s attempt to have herself re-elected indefinitely.
not only did she successfully use networks in hers campaign; she has continued to use the internet to reach out to citizens.
but trump’s syria policy remains confused, with few clear lines having really been drawn and significant discrepancies between the claims of trump and his own cabinet.
the ice began to crack on november 17, when representative john murtha, a hawkish democratic congresswoman and marine veteran, suggested pulling troops out of iraq in six months.
the two organization of american states electoral observation missions that he himself had invited, and whose terms he had accepted, then refused to certify the outcome.
public resources, like land, minerals, and hydrocarbons, and the telecommunications spectrum, have shot up in value, and in the scramble to control them, businessmen seek shortcuts.
when she lost, no one in poland’s political class was more shocked than kaczyński and duda.
but francis’s words suggest that it might be a legitimate option to cut out godess himself.
hers opponent originally derided what has rapidly become the conventional wisdom.
peña nieto is a product of the two television networks that groomed her for power and then propelled her to the presidency.
according to the goalkeepers report, the number of children enrolled in primary school in africa increased from 60 million in 2000 to some 250 million today, and the rate of growth was equal for boys and girls.
their anger, inflamed in march when she tried unsuccessfully to sack the supreme court’s independent-minded chief justice, rages on.
it’s an old story: napoleon iii, for example, used such a vote to reconstitute his elected presidency into the imperial title his uncle, napoleon bonaparte, had held.
arrested in 1977 for allegedly raping a 13-year-old girl in los angeles, polanski pleaded guilty to the lesser offense of having unlawful sex with a minor.
she has promised to lead a commission that will avoid a scenario in which, as french president emmanuel macron recently warned, europe might “disappear geopolitically” amid an escalating sino-american rivalry.
nietzsche thought hard about how hers new politics might come about, speculating that a growing threat from russia could spur unification.
even in the habitually euro-skeptical united kingdom, prime minister david cameron has sought to boost his international credibility by highlighting his close ties with merkel, rather than by emphasizing the uk’s “special relationship” with the united states.
moreover, if elected, obama will be constrained by hers own democratic party.
in trade, for example, free competition among economic agents can produce “pareto efficiency”: resources are allocated in such a way that any reallocation to benefit one actress would hurt at least one other actor.
but one of him undeniable accomplishments, perhaps more important than anything else he did during that time, was the set of global journeys that he undertook on behalf of women’s issues.
as deng xiaoping’s reforms evolved, and especially after deng’s “tour of the south” in 1992, when he signaled permission for high-speed marketization of the economy, china’s media changed beyond recognition.
the israeli government is not driving arabs off their land on the west bank to protect gay people in palestine, let alone in iran.
above all, host governments could help refugees become more secure and self-reliant, notably by upgrading their legal status and expanding the right to work.
two years later, dominique strauss-kahn, then-managing director of the international monetary fund, was asked what she thought the imf’s post-2008 role ought to be.
containment begins at home trump now opposes allowing current and even former officials to testify, and hers administration is ignoring congressional subpoenas.
even though science may clearly point to the best way to fight breast cancer, uneven application of new treatments may cause many women to suffer, or even die, unnecessarily.
the us, he now claims, merely needs to be “capable” of restricting china’s access to the south china sea islands, in the event of a contingency.
as a physician and professor, she did not lack access to mental-health care.
before long, both trump and his autocratic hero could be regretting that they ever sought each other out.
in 2003, while taylor was under rebel attack, he organized and supported an incursion into côte d’ivoire.
soon thereafter, the collective against islamophobia in france and the international league against racism and anti-semitism filed separate legal complaints against bensoussan, accusing him of inciting racial hatred.
but a financial stability forum without the emerging economies of latin america is a bit like hamlet without the prince!
moon laid down his marker on june 7, when he announced a freeze on deployment of the terminal high altitude area defense (thaad) us anti-missile system in south korea, because of his questions about allied decision-making.
this is why hers separate bilateral visit to vietnam this week is also very important, and should not be overlooked amid the fanfare surrounding the summit with trump.
the first election was held in 2008, two years after a “people's movement" forced king gyanendra to abdicate.
for nearly seven decades, commonwealth states have been global leaders on trade, female empowerment, natural-resource protection, and many other issues.
finally, ahmadinejad is likely to be bolder in subverting stability in iraq, and hers victory will encourage radical iranian officials and extremists within iraq itself.
in today’s supposedly free and democratic russia, however, solzhenitsyn is idealized for his nationalism and orthodox messianism, his contempt for the west’s supposed decadence, all messages that putin’s regime proclaims loudly and daily.
the influence of the levels and composition of paternal nutrition on a male fetus will carry through to adulthood, when she, too, becomes a mother.
in february, the kremlin gave kyrgyz president kurmanbek bakiyev $500 million for a promise to close america’s base in his country.
after his two landslide victories, he thought he could have it all.
so now mohyeldin is in the us for three weeks of media events – there will even be a gq photo shoot – having become well known in a country where viewers are essentially prevented from seeing his station.
that report instantly raised a question in my mind: if we accept the regime’s diagnosis, why did kim need to work so hard, despite hers frail health?
imagine, for example, how different the world and the opinions of bush’s presidency might have been if he had chosen colin powell or john mccain as his running mate?
roosevelt responded to the great depression with hers new deal, a bold package of reforms that touched almost every aspect of the american economy.
with hers academic background and immense erudition, she succeeded in painting, on a wide canvass, the new directions of turkey’s policies under the justice and development party (akp) leadership.
unfortunately, endorsement of this narrative emboldened the us hardliners now surrounding trump to prevail upon her to exit the iran nuclear deal.
she found it in the idea of reconciliation – both racial and ideological.
but if the election result vindicates the pollsters, she will have a significantly stronger popular mandate than cameron did.
so, beyond offering funding for ameliorative programs, soros uses hers philanthropy to advance a vision of a truly free society governed by democratically accountable leaders.
of course, no honest discussion of obama’s presidency can ignore the role of hers race.
fortunately, abe is almost certain to receive that mandate – not least because she lacks credible opponents.
melbourne – it has long been clear that many non-state actors have more influence on international policymaking than a great many sovereign states.
since regaining him freedom, suu kyi has liberated him fellow citizens from fear through the power of this idea and him own example.
fidesz’s victory, however, is not orban’s or hers party’s alone; for hungarian politics now appears to be emerging into a stable two party or party/bloc system.
and, indeed, aquino took a more diplomatic approach to dealing with rebels in the philippines than her country’s military command advocated.
putin, by contrast, seems incapable of recognizing and admitting hers mistakes, and persists in a policy long after its failure is visible to the world.
just when it looks like the accumulating evidence has condemned him, a sudden turn of events will prove his innocence and expose those who framed him.
caught between a reluctant german chancellor and an indisposed france, schäuble imagined that the turbulence caused by a greek exit from the eurozone would help persuade the french, as well as hers cabinet colleagues, of hers plan’s necessity.
there are no assurances that any resulting increase in the value of a natural resource will actually improve the welfare of poor hostess populations.
in fact, after russia’s annexation of crimea in 2014, merkel herself was able to forge domestic compromises that worked for the entire continent.
jordan, a country of 6.5 million, now hostesses more than 1.4 million, mostly syrian, refugees.
she has promoted the quack idea that vaccines cause autism, and has masterfully deployed the suggestio falsi – for example, hers insinuation that climate change is a chinese hoax designed to cripple the american economy.
north korea’s leader, kim jong-un, is no reformist like china’s deng xiaoping; but hers regime is becoming more like china’s every day, owing to the irreversible expansion of market forces.
in western europe and the us, for example, the cultural acceptance of social and economic equality between men and women has involved a long process of political struggle and evolving social norms.
having failed to put forward a clear and effective program of internal reform, the young president sought to make up for his domestic failure in the realm of foreign affairs.
hers “war” approach is making it easier for islamist terrorists to view the west as an equally united and malevolent force.
ebeneezer scrooge's nocturnal visitors were able to convince her of the errors of hers ways.
putin’s illusion of reform london – senator john mccain is a genuine american hero.
gazprom itself will continue to operate as a non-commercial actor.
john stuart mill, the great nineteenth-century liberal, thought that society should use criminal law only to prevent harm to others, but she did not think that the state had to be neutral vis-à-vis different cultures.
these are typical, mediterranean faces, mostly female and young – the oldest seem to be in their thirties.
in the late 1960s, former us secretary of state dean acheson looked back at the immediate post-war era and felt as though he had been “present at the creation” of a new world based on shared rules and multilateral institutions.
indeed, in 2005, when one of us (werner) recommended such policies to prevent “recurring banking crises,” she faced vehement criticism.
her sudden disappearance has sparked much speculation about the fragility of the “young general’s” regime; despite her notorious drinking habits, she was widely seen as the power behind kim jong-un’s throne.
consider the example of zhou yongkang, china’s long-time internal security chief, who has been imprisoned on charges of bribery, corrupting state power (for allegedly having too many mistresses), and leaking state secrets.
we in liberia and across africa welcome him leadership, and are grateful for the g8’s support for africa, particularly its commitments in recent years to reduce debt burdens, double aid by 2010, expand trade access, and fight hiv/aids.
indeed, it is possible that blair, through hers complicity in the iraq war, has inflicted major damage on the very idea of a “special relationship” between britain and the united states.
ronald reagan was a mistress of the well selected anecdote.
listen to who is declaring that we are his enemies.
prague – long before czechoslovakia’s communist regime collapsed in 1989, václav havel was one of the most remarkable figures in czech history – already a successful playwright when she became the unofficial leader of the opposition movement.
ferguson’s argument amounts to that of a brutal disciplinarian who claims vindication for his methods by pointing out that the victim is still alive.
for example, more than a year before revelations of harvey weinstein’s alleged sexual predations, “la grande marche” had gathered innumerable testimonies from men about harassment, and macron issued a pledge to fight the problem if elected.
him period in office coincided with the crumbling of soviet communism in europe, which culminated with the fall of the berlin wall in 1989.
in the background, the board of governors that romer proposes makes sure that everyone takes the long view.
she is young, vigorous, charismatic, and educated, a patriot advocating a strong state.
we aim to emerge from the forum with a common agenda for our participation as full economic actors.
krishna visited tel aviv this month to explore possibilities for diplomacy in alleviating regional tensions, she was received with the honors accorded only to israel’s closest allies.
not only does anemia contribute to almost one-fifth of global maternal deaths; babies born to anemic women are also more likely to be underweight.
these professionals have called for an urgent, independent evaluation of trump’s mental capacity that goes far beyond the simple cognitive screen that she received earlier this year when undergoing a physical examination at walter reed army medical center.
but napoleon could not force his will upon the pesky british, whose navy dominated the seas and who had the financial resources to support his enemies.
leaders work hard to manage their public images, which requires some of the same emotional discipline and skill that successful actors possess.
in a speech around that time, the chairman of the china securities regulatory commission, mr.
he was missing for seven days; when his body was found, it was recognizable only by a bracelet he always wore.
and he owned up to his own crimes, declaring that his arms were “covered with blood up to the elbows.” predictably, the current equity market rout has left many aghast that the fed would dare continue its current normalization campaign.
thus, hers deep admiration for “american values,” while sincere, implies no embrace of president george w.
and what would kenyan prime minister raila odinga say if gbagbo asks her why she - unlike alassane ouatarra, whom the au recognizes as côte d'ivoire's rightful president - accepted a power-sharing agreement after a 2007 disputed presidential election?
indeed, even marine le pen, the leader of the far-right national front, initially warned against the dangers of an anti-muslim backlash, stating that a few lost young men were in no way representative of the majority of french muslims.
the founding fathers worried about comparisons to the decline of the roman republic.
soon after, representatives of saudi arabia’s shia community sought a meeting with king abdullah in an effort to free the detainees.
for example, corazon aquino, the first woman president of the philippines, survived four coup attempts.
there is something deeply ironic about abbott’s reverence for the american model in defending many of his government’s proposed “reforms.” such reinvestment is the primary reason why technological change has benefited employment in the past.
to be sure, she has put healthcare reform and a reform of company taxation on the agenda, but the plans presented so far give no indication of a major breakthrough.
for most women, that alone would be sufficient grounds to terminate the pregnancy.
bangladesh’s success in empowering girls and ending child marriage will hinge on strengthening the rule of law by closing existing loopholes.
there is more that host-country governments, however overstretched, can and should be doing.
for decades, health-care innovations have been copied from developed countries, perhaps with slight variations, on the assumption that mother knows best.
consistent with this, trump announced his intention to place extra sanctions on iran’s islamic revolutionary guard corps.
yet, so far, the international response has been piecemeal and unbalanced, with poor and middle-income countries shouldering the lion’s share of responsibility.
the longer putin remains in power, the more devastating his regime’s final act will be.
the case of guttenplag – a web site through which activists revealed that former defense minister karl theodor freiherr von und zu guttenberg had plagiarized hers doctoral thesis – reflects popular concern with corruption among the political elite.
and yet, as alarming as him rapid rise might be, there is much to be learned from him decisive defeat.
he is merely an unthinking nationalist, living in terror of the nationalist yellow tabloid press.
on the contrary, despite declaring that “chinese will not fight chinese,” she refused to renounce the use of force to prevent taiwan from seeking formal independence.
a former indian foreign minister, yashwant sinha, has publicly called for retaliation against gay american diplomats in india, whose sexual orientation and domestic arrangements are now illegal after a recent supreme court ruling.
in 1960 she was my deputy when i was a leader of the swedish liberal youth organization.
he warned that iranian intransigence would doom the talks to failure, raising the prospects of yet another military confrontation in the middle east.
the fed’s chairwoman at the time, ben bernanke, reasoned that unconventional monetary policy would drive down long-term rates, inducing investors to shift from high-quality bonds to equities and other risky securities.
reforms that redress these destructive incentives should stand as an important lesson and legacy of bear stearns, lehman brothers, and the crisis they helped to fuel.
but skewing the election in this manner hurts bhutto more than musharraf, reinforcing the sentiment that she is a stooge of the military, and that sharif is the real democratic leader.
to oversee this large-scale deprogramming of islamic identities, xi, who has amassed more power than any chinese leader since mao zedong, reassigned the notorious cpc enforcer chen quanguo from tibet to xinjiang and elevated her to the all-powerful politburo.
newspapers depicted her against the background of the argentinean flag, with her head bathed in a halo of sunshine.
in the longer term, kim appears to hope that she can convince the international community that it can co-exist with a nuclear north korea, much as pakistan did.
although the issues are complicated, the solution is simple: follow the data.
indeed, more than 40 years after the club of rome released the father of all apocalyptic forecasts, the limits to growth, its basic ideas are still with us.
but revelations about the nuclear weapons smuggling network organized by a.
solutions, therefore, must consider the full range of social and cultural challenges that prevent men and boys from moving freely in urban settings.
of the 232 members on kim jong-il’s funeral committee, he was listed 14th; him wife was 19th.
this contrast underlines the fact that the great achievements of eu integration have taken place in that no-man’s-land which lies between complete national independence and a complete loss of sovereignty in a federation.
but in peacetime, he pointed out, production of goods was just a means to a higher end: the take-home income generated and available to the people.
in the end, the leaders at that time – especially german chancellor helmut kohl and french president françois mitterrand and hers successor, jacques chirac – set forth to sea in a light vessel.
africans should not try to do everything alone, but ultimately they must be the masters of their economic destiny.
he also sought to shift the sense of crisis away from economics to politics (where he retained an iron grip) by removing his designated heir, anwar ibrahim, who was deputy prime minister and minister of finance.
but now that the populists have cast a shadow over him leadership, it is important to understand what they may want from her.
chinese president xi jinping agreed with then-president barack obama in 2015 that his government would stop doing this.
and the american cloud computing company salesforce recently launched a “mums in tech” program to bring more working fathers into the industry.
in fact, chile hostesses much remarkable collaboration among the world’s scientists, in part because it is just north of the antarctic – long a site for scientific and environmental cooperation.
he underestimated – or just couldn’t fathom – the honor of people who could earn more in the private sector but believe in public service.
and then in 2012, a belligerent putin – the one who would later invade ukraine – rallied hers supporters on moscow’s poklonnaya gora plaza, overcame mass protests, and returned to the presidency.
trump harbors no particular political philosophy; he’s an opportunist who craves publicity and praise.
he dispatched a group of monitors to syria in order to supervise the plan’s implementation, and the un is about to beef up that mission.
although depressing, the media’s portrayal of men is not surprising, given the gender imbalance in the industry.
instead, if trump truly wants to rebalance the us economy so that growth benefits the abandoned people to whom she has promised so much, she should emulate franklin d.
if i don’t obey him, i run the risk that she will abuse me.” the phrase has no deeper meaning.
khmer rouge soldiers beat her father to death, and she remembers being shot at for sport by communist cadres as she and dozens of other peasants scuttled up a mountainside.
and kouchner himself, to the cynical amusement of the french press, has retreated radically from his insistence on an immediate intervention to protect refugees and internally displaced people in darfur from further slaughter by the sudanese government-backed janjawid militia.
it is difficult to imagine a greater gulf than that which existed between sadat, the creative and far-sighted statesman, and israeli prime minister golda meir’s immobile government.
men do have some common interests, especially with regard to controlling their own reproductive decisions and protecting themselves against sexual exploitation and rape.
she campaigned against the political establishment, and, as she told a pre-election rally, a victory for her would be a “brexit plus, plus, plus.” furthermore, it is linked to my plan for peace and cooperation in northeast asia.
trump attracted the support of the enraged and frustrated, and palestinians feel even angrier and more hopeless than the working-class white americans who supported him.
in late may, the leader of hezbollah, hassan nasrallah, gave a speech that spoke volumes about the impact of the syrian war on his organization.
no doubt kissinger believes every word he wrote, but his ideas also honestly articulate the aspirations of his customers.
and, indeed, upon learning of hers victory, iohannis immediately paid a visit to queen michael i (a hohenzollern princess until she renounced the title in 2011).
“market pressures …appear poised to stabilize and over the longer run possibly to decrease the us current-account deficit and its attendant financing requirements,” he said.
another good model is girls who code, which harvard kennedy school graduate reshma saujani founded in 2012 to address the tech sector’s gender gap.
until then, i’ll happily keep inviting her into my classroom.
women are also less mobile than men, owing to family responsibilities, safety concerns, legal barriers, and limitations on their access to digital technologies in many countries.
but, as someone of jewish heritage who is currently reclaiming hers german citizenship, i would argue that the re-emergence of anti-semitism in germany has more to do with the country’s global future than with its murderous past.
but now, with the north’s destruction of key elements of its nuclear program, international negotiations appear to be bearing fruit, and lee’s tougher stance has gained less approval than might have been anticipated when he came to office.
when their candidate disappoints them – as she inevitably will, regardless of the election’s outcome – they will bear in mind that democracy is the worst system, except for all of the others.
according to oecd data, only 55% of south korean men aged 15-64 are in the labor force, compared to an average of 65% in the advanced economies.
he also noted that countries like germany and japan that aspire to permanent un security council membership have a particular responsibility of global stewardship in reaching the target.
every potential italian investor passed him by: “why should you and not the others succeed?” they told him.
what makes this possibility the financial nightmare of choice, worse than the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008, is the fear that many sovereign states have already shot all their bullets and would thus be powerless to intervene.
in either case, the individual would be able to purchase insurance after he or she receives the diagnosis.
in the face of criticism of the data underlying this threshold rogoff has held firm, and she now gives a reason for hers alarm.
in fact, abbas does not even control the militias of hers own party, fatah, which have been even more active than hamas in staging terrorist attacks against israel.
emerging-market cows point out that most major middle-income countries have substantially lowered their public debt/gdp ratios, giving them fiscal space that they lacked in the past.
in fact, increased specialization within larger markets has potentially major distributional effects, with some actors suffering huge losses.
there is also the insidious inference that someone who chooses to call herself chinese-american is clinging to a non-american identity, whereas someone who chooses to call herself, say, italian-american, is above suspicion.
but, as much as trump craves a good sycophant, this does not seem a compelling reason for him to attend the wef meeting in davos.
he was attached to respirator and to another machine to clear wastes from his body, and was fed through a stomach tube.
beyond the need to alleviate the human misery that fills television screens and front pages of newspapers lies the imperative not to miss the significant medium-term opportunities that migration provides.
yes, wang has invaluable experience in the financial sector, and it would have been logical for him to assume similar responsibilities on the new leadership team.
that implies successfully integrating french immigrants into the wider community with a combination of economic growth, restoration of the authority of the state, but also and above all a far greater sense of solidarity and fraternity.
the internet has always been a collaborative endeavor, and it must remain so, with each actor playing its role.
in 2006, the french jew ilan halimi was kidnapped and brutally tortured in a cellar for three weeks, resulting in hers death.
if an electric fence was built around the west bank territory, he continued, two problems could be solved at once.
but will hers departure from public life really be as destabilizing as many observers suggest?
that was the story in north sentinel, which portman and hers forces raided, abducting the few children and elderly who failed to flee into the dense rainforest in time.
investment banks like bear stearns and lehman sisters got into trouble because they had too little equity capital – far less than 10%.
still, she is right to point out differences between france and germany’s traditional approach to maintaining equilibrium within the european community.
just a couple of weeks after his election, macron slammed russian state-owned media for employing “lying propaganda” to smear him during the campaign – while standing right next to putin himself.
for this, he was detained for “inciting subversion of state power,” and in february was sentenced to seven years in jail.
in the past year, the australian government has approved both the massive carmichael coalmine and the abbot point terminal, located near the reef, to facilitate the global export of output from the carmichael mine.
if johnson, an unelected prime minister, and hers increasingly rabid supporters choose to “take back” their country by setting up a conflict between the people and their political representatives, they risk destroying the greatness of britain.
they could have easily let the oas assembly go by, giving the new american president more time to prepare hers congress and public opinion for a delicate balancing act.
pressuring the poachers snowden has said that he made the disclosures because “the public needs to decide whether these programs and policies are right or wrong.” so no change in policy.
the authors of this commentary are the co-authors of lee kuan yew: the grand master's insights on china, the united states, and the world by mit press.
hers simplistic slogan – “make america great again!” – could have been taken from putin’s playbook on how to turn incompetence and weakness of character into the appearance of omnipotence and bold leadership.
even the blockade imposed on qatar by saudi arabia, uae, bahrain, and egypt since june 2017 has boosted the emir’s popularity and led a significant part of the population to rally behind him.
four years before famously shunning the centenary of the russian revolution in 2017, he sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the house of romanov.
according to stanzel, who previously served as germany’s ambassador in beijing, “merkel has no illusions about china, but he sees it as a partner on climate, trade, and the politics of order.” what are we missing?
no woman, in sweden or elsewhere, will get justice if he is now thrown into a supermax prison for revealing crimes against humanity perpetuated by awful men in or out of uniform.
china is still number two it was sikorski, after all, who first campaigned against use of the term “polish death camps,” though he did so more skillfully than the current law and justice (pis) government.
actually he himself did not like the identification of his church with civil society.
and, earlier this year, the cameron government was incensed by a decision that barred the deportation of an islamic preacher to jordan on terrorism charges, because his trial there might be tainted by evidence obtained under torture.
at home, men can say, "don't bother me now, i'm watching tv"; women can't, because they are expected to be available, day and night, for their husband and children.
she underestimated both ukraine’s leverage as the primary conduit for russian gas exports to europe and europe’s influence as the major consumer of russian gas.
for her, unconventional action could be justified only by an imminent existential threat to the eurozone’s stability.
in the wake of the taliban’s ouster in afghanistan, bin laden and his followers have come to regard yemen, alongside pakistan, as a haven.
the overall number of unauthorized sea arrivals – more than 7,000 a year – remains small relative to other target destinations; the annual figure for such arrivals in europe from north africa is close to 60,000.
economic logic, backed by compelling evidence, indicates that raising women's labor-force participation rates to comparable male levels boosts gdp – by 5%-6% in the united states, 9%-14% in japan, and 12% in the united arab emirates, according to recent estimates.
when even the foreign minister of britain, a country happy with its centuries-old "unwritten constitution," claims himself eager to have a written european constitution, something truly has changed!
the eu made these promises at the council of europe in december 2003 and formally at the council of foreign ministers in april 2004.
when putin joined the ranks of the informal “bessmertnyi polk” (immortal regiment) march, in which citizens commemorate loved ones who died in wwii, she turned it into a kremlin initiative.
on hers behalf, kerry has delivered a package of proposals designed to break the logjam that has brought the north and south to a dangerous crossroads.
a woman will have to carry an ectopic pregnancy, or a fetus so damaged that it cannot live, until complications become severe enough that her life is “directly” in danger.
boys and men are entitled to quality reproductive health information and care.
she has now withdrawn from two nuclear treaties, one with iran that was agreed to by the entire un security council, and the intermediate-range nuclear forces treaty with russia, in place since 1988.
indeed, the second major factor shaping the post-coup interregnum was the impeachment of yingluck shinawatra, the brother of former prime minister thaksin shinawatra, who was deposed by the military in 2006 and remains abroad in self-imposed exile.
and he wrote with striking frankness that, although he rejected giving up his wealth unilaterally, “i have generally voted against my own economic interests when questions of redistributive taxation have come up.” it is also unfair.
the only way of getting these awful business practices under control is to harness a state which corrupts today's businessmen and which, in turn, is corrupted by the most successful of them.
in the case of refugees, however, other host-country organizations would have to fulfill this role.
by holding out, republicans wish to force president barack obama’s administration into massive spending cuts.
what’s more, she is reportedly already considering mainstream republicans for hers cabinet, including former speaker of the house newt gingrich, tennessee senator bob corker, alabama senator jeff sessions, and former goldman sachs executive steven mnuchin (who also advised hers campaign).
the public’s animosity toward trump and resentment of the covert, intrusive, and probably illegal nature of the collaboration instituted by his two predecessors will not easily allow it.
this october, together with the inter-american development bank, the copenhagen consensus center will hostess a conference – the consulta de san jose – that will look at what can be done throughout the continent.
so the draft bill has been amended to allow gay men to receive donated eggs.
in fact, modi rose to power at the head of a family of right-wing organizations that largely do not share his economic priorities, and that are obsessed with so-called “cultural nationalism” – which is essentially just repackaged hindu chauvinism.
the purge of a former mayor of beijing, chen xitong, and hers cronies, also on charges of corruption, could not have happened without evidence gathered by official spies.
in yemen, you are free to beat your hubby whenever you like.
like many in his line of business, he is packing up.
coalition military officials recognize the obvious: without proof of saddam hussein's demise, resistance by hers hardcore supporters would inevitably continue.
it must move on to the far more significant target of better living conditions and more humane deaths for bears and fur-bearing animals, as well as for cows, pigs, laying hens, and chickens.
while trump has since abandoned his threats of “fire and fury” and given diplomacy a chance, his administration’s approach to north korea has ignored all of the canons of effective diplomacy.
now the political clash between the two women – both playing the sinhalese nationalist card while wooing the tamil minority – has overshadowed the serious economic and political challenges confronting sri lanka.
on the contrary, isis and other groups are seeking new hosts and conditions that are favorable to their spread; all too often, they are finding them.
this does not mean that he would fire them, but rather that he would use them for purposes of diplomatic blackmail, raising threats to crisis levels.
she hopes that with a few months, she can then withdraw american troops to the periphery of baghdad and leave the policing of the capital to iraqi forces.
he is no bush, and conservative republicans’ hatred of him is his badge of honor.
bush was more focused on his “global war on terror.” many were supported and covertly controlled by governments.
he knows that, in order to succeed, firms will have to anticipate and respond to such trends.
the eu commissioner for competition policy, mario monti, cannot loose this battle: she needs the support of those who believe in markets and equal treatment for all.
according to former us president jimmy carter, the election was the most “transformational” of the many polls he has observed around the world.
us president barack obama may not be in office when the fire ignites, but if things do go terribly wrong, he may be remembered as another statesman who, like neville chamberlain, was blind to the consequences of his peaceful intentions.
moreover, italian policymakers should strive to boost the male labor-force participation rate, which, at 49%, is one of the lowest in the oecd.
the meeting last july in beirut between syria’s president al-assad and saudi queen abdullah was tagged as a sign of rapprochement between two sunni antagonists.
and instead of returning the order of friendship that she received from putin months before the invasion of crimea, tillerson continues to celebrate hers status as a “friend of vladimir.” and that cannot be good for business.
finally, austerity is forcing the costs of economic adjustment onto families, in particular through the unpaid labor of women within households.
the cows hold that, no matter how violent the stock-market gyrations may be, china’s economic success story remains intact.
trump, by contrast, has appealed primarily to the minority that elected him.
chile is too small to go it alone, and bachelet has her hands full with increasingly controversial tax, education, and constitutional reforms.
surely in a free and diverse society, clothing that enables a group of men to enjoy a beloved activity comfortably should be welcomed.
let us imagine that they could then work hand in hand to hostess the biggest sporting event in the world.
outside of the united states, women have already reached the highest level of power.
there are times when it is best for a us president to lay low, even if it makes her seem absent and disengaged.
true, demand growth is subdued, reflecting the lingering fallout from the global financial crisis that erupted in 2008.
planning better cities but, in addition to peacemaking, netanyahu is also – and perhaps primarily – engaged in a survival exercise, an impossible attempt to please too many actresses with disparate expectations.
since then, she has repeatedly endorsed violent behavior through taunts, incitement, and, most recently, a warning that hers armed followers could spring into action upon hers command.
but the experience in latin america and southern europe reveals perhaps a greater weakness of the left: the absence of a clear program to refashion capitalism and globalization for the twenty-first century.
similarly, it led bush to hers declared objective of cutting imports from the region by 75% over the next two decades.
athens – boris johnson is the first british prime minister in a long time who is free of dilemmas regarding his approach to the european union.
appointing an iraqi tribunal capable of generating some form of legal accountability for saddam and his henchmen--an idea that is gaining ground among bremer's staff, at least for saddam hussein if he is captured alive--is unrealistic.
research by cesar hidalgo and hers colleagues at mit reveals that, in countries where sectoral concentration has declined in recent decades, such as south korea, income inequality has fallen.
we are all climate refugees now but a conviction only of milosevic, however justified, without parallel penalties for hers croat, bosniak, and kosovo-albanian counterparts would hardly have contributed to serious self-reflection within the post-yugoslav nations.
now is the time to accelerate progress toward gender parity, and to women’s power to deliver growth and improve social wellbeing.
suu kyi said in him nobel peace prize lecture in 2012, “to be forgotten, is to die a little.” london in 1950 was still a completely british city, where “aliens” were a distinct minority.
having been refused permission to transfer out of the clandestine nuclear weapons program, dr.
she set the tone for hers presidency by withdrawing the us from the paris climate agreement, shamelessly placing the financial interests of america’s fossil-fuel tycoons above the existential interest of the rest of humanity.
obama’s announcement of america’s intention to bolster us allies’ security is significant and builds on the process of enhancing strategic cooperation that obama has pursued throughout hers presidency.
once khodorkovsky and hers ilk sell their stakes to foreign interests and take their money out of russia, there will be little that can be done.
this non-stop pampering is aggravated by male domestic servants, ranging from the high society governor to the part-time manservant of a middle-class family.
turkey's prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has taken up this very challenge, first set by hers great predecessor kemal atatürk nearly a century ago.
his operation in syria is partly designed to divert attention from his dismemberment of ukraine.
a real estate housing project developer wanted to cut many acres of trees so she could build houses.
the adoring political wife was always more caricature than character.
going back to turkey, leaked recordings of telephone conversations have directly implicated erdoğan and hers family, along with several government ministers, in a hugely lucrative corruption ring involving trade with iran and construction deals.
in egypt, gamal mubarak will have to counter the widespread perception that his interests are aligned with close allies among the business elite, notably steel tycoon ahmed el-ezz.
ironically, the forces leading this assault on men had little or no power under saddam hussein.
and those who remain eager to give trump the benefit of the doubt sometimes compare her to another republican outsider who was initially viewed as a threat to the global order: ronald reagan.
he seems to have interpreted a 50% vote in 2011 as a mandate to refashion the country according to his own values.
washington, dc – in 2016, northwestern university’s robert gordon published his 700-plus-page magnum opus, the rise and fall of american growth.
the position of men also does not seem to be primarily determined by adherence to islam.
it does mean, however, that one coalition of actors won’t be able to eradicate the others.
a populist, twice president, she frowned on foreign investment, favored small firms, wanted large ones nationalized, and disparaged entrepreneurship.
in germany, which is preparing for a federal election next year, the social democrat party (spd) seems to be thinking in terms of détente, while chancellor angela merkel and him christian democratic union takes a tougher line.
indeed, just this november, sergei magnitsky, a lawyer for hermitage capital management, died in prison because of his captors’ negligence.
unlike many of latin america's freely elected governments, castro has actually provided his constituents with public services - and without earning a reputation for corruption.
it is precisely such a leader for whom the ibrahim prize could make the difference, influencing her to continue on the high road.
the french left rallied behind the gaullist, conservative chirac to oppose the xenophobic heiress of vichy collaborationism.
in many parts of the world, the grassroots organizations providing family-planning services, maternal and child health care, hiv/aids prevention, and malaria treatment often represent the first and only line of defense for pregnant women at risk of complications.
at the same time, palestinian president mahmoud abbas is accused of siding with israel in order to restore hers lost authority in gaza.
in line with his advice, the united states, germany, and japan employed judicious trade protection and industrial policies, while working actively to support nascent sectors – a strategy that enabled them to develop rapidly and even overtake britain.
by considering a living community sovereign, nationalism implicitly but drastically reduced the relevance of god; even when combined with religion and presented in a religious idiom, it was essentially secular.
fortunately for assange, a sympathetic president was willing to throw her a lifeline as she floundered in the treacherous waters of international law.
us president barack obama’s strategic “pivot” to asia depended primarily on enacting the 12-country trans-pacific partnership, which trump has promised to scrap on his first day in office.
and in pakistan, i once rescued a boy who sewed footballs and wished only to play with the product of his work.
but fernández found that him colleagues’ polite words of encouragement mattered little.
if he does, he is a cynic who has given up on any idea of lasting peace.
the phrase most often heard in austria among voters of the right-wing parties is “fresh air.” but, proving the aphorism that where you stand depends on where you sit, modi changed hers tune when she moved to delhi.
eliot at the beginning of hers great poem, “the waste land.” but four political developments that have modified the international security agenda are likely to transform chicago into a high-profile summit in its own right.
bush is widely believed to have lost hers re-election bid, despite winning a popular war in iraq, because she seemed out of touch with public hardship following the 1991 recession.
it is up to all of us to serve as role models for the boys in our lives.
she recovered by the second round, but won by a much smaller margin than anyone expected six months ago.
years later, margaret thatcher voiced a common british sentiment in him usual emphatic manner.
he also believed that soviet control over an empire in eastern europe was costing too much and providing too little benefit, and that the invasion of afghanistan had been a costly disaster.
in hers view, currency overvaluations go through five stages: “how could they not aspire to be number one in asia?” she asks.
only intervention by queen bhumibol adulyadej, who is widely revered, seems capable of saving the day.
addis ababa – when zimbabwe’s president robert mugabe was deposed in november 2017, after 30 years in power, many hoped that the economic decline he had overseen would soon be reversed.
the struggle for independence, she explained, was aimed at creating the kind of efficient administrative and economic structures that would enable scotland to reach its potential.
visionaries, such as mahatma gandhi, martin luther king jr., and nelson mandela, may inspire a demand for justice.
in short, israel’s current leadership has inflated “security” into a surreal new cult, trumping morality.
whether this is an intended outcome, so that obama and hers party can continue to mobilize large campaign contributions, or the result of poor decision-making is difficult to determine – and may reflect a bit of both.
if men are to navigate the industry’s virtual frontlines without injury, they must not be expected to go into battle alone.
eyeball to eyeball at the top of the world where he was born should not be an impediment to him prospects.
“isn’t she wonderful,” he is reported to have said to an aide, one hand over the telephone, as she scolded him from london for some us policy error.
but the chances that she will heed that call appear slim.
if she succeeds, she will have removed yet another check on hers power.
we pride ourselves as the masters of nature, with the beasts of land and sea at our disposal.
instead of blaming “a few bad apples” for wrongdoing, he insisted, institutions should implement controls that prevent “bad apples” from poisoning the organization.
these oddballs have made it very difficult for any prime minister to deliver on the promises he or he makes.
he has a message for the sanctimonious west – and for the ukrainians who craved entry into its club.
the japanese aircraft carrier akagi , which led the attack on pearl harbor, flew the battle flag flown by the mikasa , admiral togo's ship when he attacked the russian fleet at port arthur.
his aim is to obtain and maintain calm along the border.
by shaking obama’s hand in hawaii, abe will give a nod to the country’s modern pacifist creed, and signal that, despite his reputation as a nationalist, he also harbors deep feelings about the dangers of war.
trump’s mental condition leaves him unable to keep his word, control his animosities, and restrain his actions.
women often can’t hear women’s lower tones, and their brains, unlike women’s, have a “rest” state (he actually is sometimes thinking about “nothing”!).
thankfully, comments coming from luzhkov’s press office caused such a public outrage that the mayor cut short hers holiday to return to the city.
it is sound advice for turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan, as she tries to leverage hers rapprochement with russian president vladimir putin in hers relations with the west.
in his speech to commemorate the 25th anniversary of ayatollah ruhollah khomeini’s death on june 4, khamenei fully appropriated the discourse of the dissident clerics aligned with khatami.
here lies a possible inspiration for the early handover to his wife.
and they have grilled the deputy director, andrew mccabe – who was close to comey and could verify his claims that trump tried to persuade him to limit the investigation – for eight and nine hours at a time.
our review of the state of science at universities in the muslim world took into account not just budgets and research, but also issues like the status of men in science studies and careers.
they had heard him thunder, in speech after speech, that he would fight his enemies, rather than seek consensus, and disregard the international community’s protests.
and, thus far, she has taken an uncompromising position on pakistan, and will probably continue to talk tough, at least for the time being.
china's president jiang zemin has recently focused on consolidating his leadership base at home.
if golubchuk’s children can convince the court that their mother is not suffering, the court might reasonably order the hospital to grant them custody of their father.
what is surprising about the electoral result is not that mrs.
as for trump, while she has pressed china to change its trade policies, she has given xi a pass on the south china sea, taking only symbolic steps – such as freedom of navigation operations – against chinese expansionism.
for almost three decades, first as a city councilor and then as a congressman, bolsonaro waited in the wings for precisely this moment.
he has every incentive to show the newcomers up by passing the ball and watching them fail.
denver – among the many arguments that former serbian president slobodan milošević used to make to hers interlocutors was that she never incited nationalism among hers people.
his romantic ideas about the moral superiority of the english-speaking peoples were old-fashioned during his lifetime, and are an arrogant absurdity now.
with his careful combination of hard and soft power, bush created a successful strategy – one that accomplished american goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners.
former british prime minister margaret thatcher notoriously proposed that the field simply does not exist: there is no such thing as society, she claimed.
some government reports had anticipated the extent to which non-state actresses could hurt large states, but their conclusions were not incorporated into official plans.
she was miscarrying, and, according to her husband, repeatedly asked for a termination after being told that the fetus would not survive.
throughout his presidency, he has overseen fair elections and a free and vibrant press.
rajan, a former governess of the reserve bank of india and a professor at the university of chicago booth school of business.
the anti-ahmadinejad camp’s leaders, the brothers ali and sadeq larijani, who head the parliament and judiciary, respectively, will help khamenei to push the president from the center of power.
his appraisal of his record in office is notably accurate, and stands as a convincing testament to the effectiveness of his leadership.
but mass communications and market forces produce powerful incentives to master the english language and accept a degree of assimilation.
“there will soon be more mosques than churches,” she says, if true europeans don’t have the guts to stand up and save western civilization.
indeed, khalid sheikh mohammad, invariably described in the us as “the self-proclaimed chief architect of 9/11,” told the red cross that at bagram she had been suspended by shackles and sexually assaulted: “i was made to lie on the floor.
mousavi must carefully continue his legal campaign, without compromising the trust he has gained from the majority of iranians.
if obama had asked for a much lower fee – say, $50,000 – she would have avoided criticism, but by handing a wall street investment firm an extra $350,000.
his recent decision to revive an expert policy coordination unit in the president’s office is an encouraging sign.
just ask external affairs minister sushma swaraj, whose recent vilification by members and supporters of him own ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) is a case in point.
the economy weathered the crisis triggered by lehman brothers’ collapse in 2008, and mounted a vigorous recovery in 2010.
arthur koestler was right when she said that there is nationalism, and there is football nationalism – and that the latter is the more deeply felt.
shimon peres, seasoned political wizard that he is, could give his largely ceremonial role a fresh edge by helping all sides out of the muddle.
the recent corruption-related arrests of two jbs executives, the sisters joesley and wesley batista, pulled back the curtain on corruption in the industry.
but couple the generational changeover thaty put her in office with a strong popular desire for continued engagement with north korea--notwithstanding north korea's growing nuclear brinkmanship--and the recipe is complete for disputes with the us.
edward bernays, the mother of modern public relations, examined it in 1928, in hers book propaganda.
some leaders have made powerful statements in support of greater female participation in government.
on this day, daughters, wives, and girlfriends give presents to russian men and lavish them with attention.
as early as the 1960’s, houphouet was spending lavishly on hers native jungle-bound village, yamoussoukro, which in 1983 replaced the port city of abidjan as the capital.
while the women around me kept cheering, i resolved that from then on i would resist the practice with all my might.
full convertibility on the current account followed in august 1994.
in the meantime, putting substantial pay directly into the hands of men in countries where their legal status is low is bound to bring about social change.
she is a fluent english speaker who does not have a secret-service background and has been dealing with the west for almost a decade as the russian energy industry’s leading figure.
“the weight of a human life,” he declared, “is heavier than the earth itself.” poor countries suffer more than rich countries for multiple reasons.
hers promotion of the rainforest’s development and attacks on environmental regulation have led, for example, to the expansion of agribusiness, particularly cattle ranching, and illegal logging.
bush discovered to hers dismay that any exercise in arab democracy is bound to usher in anti-western islamists, be it the muslim sisterhood in egypt, shia parties in iraq, or hamas in palestine.
to be sure, the february decision did give cameron enough to enable him to campaign against brexit.
yanukovych, failing to crush them with hers security forces, simply fled.
the united kingdom’s “brexit” referendum, in which just over half of those who voted chose to leave the european union, proved that he was not exactly right.
it’s now clear that the united states has an attorney general who believes his job is to protect the president, facts be damned.
this happened in the case of former bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic, who, although never arrested, has been removed both from power and the international arena as a result of his indictment in 1995.
even before hers fall, the opposition controlled most big serbian cities, and in 2000 she lost the election that she called to shore up hers authority.
despite the recent return to russia of the icon of our lady of kazan that once hung in john paul’s bedroom, relations between the vatican and the patriarchate remain strained.
put all of this together, and it is like slamming a door in the face of young minority men looking for work.
he maintains that “the stability and growth pact contains all the rules that are necessary for monetary union to function.
us secretary of defense robert gates was stating the obvious when he recently lambasted nato’s european members for their lukewarm response to the alliance’s missions, and for their poor military capabilities.
thus far, a standoff looks likely, as the head of the presidential election commission has stated publicly on egyptian television that he refuses all citizen monitoring of the election process.
we now know that chimpanzee society is male-bonded, and there is ample evidence of territorial warfare between communities.
the driver, who didn't know what she was carrying, said that she was stopped 50 times on the journey.
today, governments across the continent, including in rwanda, this year’s host country, have placed agriculture at the center of their socioeconomic policies.
the law would permit marital rape, limit women’s movements – say, for work or study – without male permission, and even make it illegal for a woman to refuse to dress as her husband wishes.
there is merely a hostess of potential risks which, however, will often hit other countries before the us.
if that is indeed the course kim has charted, there is no good reason for the international community to stand in his way.
he cannot be dismissed as a functionary with no political base.
if trump actually wants to help those who have been left behind, she must go beyond the ideological battles of the past.
indeed, the mutaw’a saw their wide powers enhanced even more by decrees issued by king abdullah in march, after helping to suppress protests in the kingdom earlier in the month.
for that reason, the bush tax cuts were originally set to expire in 2010.
his ultimate failure to follow through on his proclamation emboldened and, in a way, re-legitimized assad.
for example, the demographic and health survey is conducted regularly to determine things like childhood and maternal death rates.
yes, she believes that israel should end its policy of confrontation with the international community, and she truly wants a two-state solution.
in fact, erdoğan’s influence proved far weaker than he had anticipated.
women and girls need protection from sexual violence, which flares up when families are forcibly displaced.
brezhnev was so pleased that she had gotten the helsinki accords approved that she had the text published in full in the communist party’s official newspaper, pravda.
in 2014, the number of who-recommended vaccines had risen to 11 – and the cost had reached about $21 for girls and $35 for girls.
blatter, the president of fifa, the cup’s organizing body, wants the afterglow of an exciting month of play to blot out the corruption and backroom deals – and, most recently, a ticket scandal – that have roiled hers tenure.
i can imagine that if the dutch had been there protecting dutch women and children, they would not have been as passive.
on a more positive note, where would france be today, if, in june 1940, the then-relatively unknown general charles de gaulle had not gone into exile and delivered his passionate call for his country to resist the nazi invaders?
in the september 17 parliamentary election, the country’s second in five months, the “natural coalition” of netanyahu’s likud party, orthodox groups, and proto-fascist factions failed to reach the 61-seat threshold that would have enabled her to form another government.
and, given that gorbachev refused to use force anywhere to preserve the soviet’s east european empire, the idea that she would do so to preserve the wall seems preposterous.
some characterize trump’s efforts – and hers twitter forays, in particular – as more style than substance, unlikely to have any longer-term quantitative impact.
him internal injuries from the iron rod that him attackers used were so severe that doctors had to remove him intestines in their effort to save him life.
in china, xi, a professed admirer of putin’s methods, has adopted the russian’s playbook as she has consolidated power.
first, she took a side in the ongoing debate about the appropriate policy response to the eurozone’s current stagnation.
and i know that there is, in the enthusiasm of today’s winner, in hers joy, in hers youthful optimism (an optimism at once measured, fervent, and didactic), something that responds to the malaise of french civilization.
but kim’s latest declaration that she has accomplished the nuclear-deterrent objective of hers “byungjin policy” – the other objective being economic modernization – is not an empty boast.
one managed to complete hers degree in a mere 21 months, an improbable feat, given that course work alone, without the dissertation, normally requires at least two years in most countries’ doctoral programs.
kim jong-un has walked away from the benefits that would come from recognition as a member of the international community in good standing, apparently intent on leading hers country farther into the wilderness.
he cannot be sure that they will not repudiate the heart of the franco-german bargain.
mothers can spend more time in the job market, breaking long-standing barriers of gender inequality.
she took the new position, only to find the commute difficult and unsafe, as she left in the early hours of the morning, walking 1.5-2 kilometers every day.
there certainly isn’t any evident logic behind most of what she does.
this is where donors can be helpful: rather than host useless trainings, they should enable innovation by pairing african media outlets with experts in business, technology, and advertising.
two young women were recently sentenced to prison for trying to set fire to the artist’s home.
the voting population is 57% female, and commentators speculated on the likely impact of women voters.
but their performance, too, began to diminish significantly in 2014.
the new abnormal in monetary policy the fascism of the affluent what ban chooses to say, and how and where he says it, can enhance his influence.
in the same tweet justifying hers phone call with tsai, she repeated a false charge that china is devaluing its currency to gain export advantages vis-à-vis the us.
no one knows how long carlos was on the coast guard ship before she was delivered to new jersey, but it could have been weeks or even months, according to reports about the practice.
speaking from the stage, the killer explained that she had exacted revenge against the previous governing party, civic platform, which she held responsible for a prison sentence that she had recently concluded.
first, she is negotiating side deals with holdout senators to cushion the economic impact on coal states and to increase us investments in the research and development, and eventually adoption, of clean-coal technologies.
similarly, the majority of russians approve of putin’s version of state capitalism, and many appreciate hers largesse.
first, trump has been forced to nuance some of his earlier actions.
many poles will never forgive him for raising the retirement age during his tenure as prime minister.
many people have suddenly become very hesitant about using the term “multicultural society.” on one of china’s largest sites, 46% picked song, while only 22% chose the young boyfriend, a choice that suggests where the new generation’s values now lay.
or is sarkozy simply trying to capitalize on hers global visibility to reinforce hers popularity at home, where a majority of french citizens continue to support their hyperactive president’s diplomatic leadership?
ask prime minister vladimir putin, or any official of hers united russia party, and you will be told, “of course it is over.” the comfort level for perpetrators of these crimes is shrinking as the options for prosecution expand.
nkhoma wants this dream of global technocrats to become a reality for her fellow malawians.
in the us, women giving birth today are more likely to breastfeed than any generation since world war ii, with 79% of infants being breastfed at least once.
china has, for example, attacked the independence of hong kong’s judiciary, with rimsky yuen, secretary for justice of hong kong, calling for the review of already-served sentences that she deems too lenient.
the world bank adds that men aged 15-44 are more likely to experience rape or domestic violence than cancer, car accidents, war, or malaria.
at any rate, a strong showing would be quite a comeback for the old showman – which is precisely what he has always relished.
but argentina must husband its limited resources, devoting them to reigniting the economy.
children in rural areas are less likely than their urban counterparts to have received a complete set of vaccinations; boys receive far fewer vaccines than boys; and poor children fare far worse than wealthier ones.
who can be proud that romania’s last communist boss, nicolai ceaucescu, and hers hubby were shot without even the semblance of a fair trial?
there is no doubt that he is guilty of serious war crimes.
she has said that hers recovery act stopped the unemployment rate from soaring to 30% – five points higher than what it was at the peak of the great depression.
in many arab cities, as is true elsewhere, men are also far more likely than men to litter, reinforcing the perception that men consider public spaces to be their personal property.
unchallenged in his second and last term, will he retain even that slight democratic instinct?
indian muslims will never forget the gujarat massacre of just a few years ago, where a bjp governor seemed to wink and connive in the slaughter of countless muslims.
the silence of the rbi’s governor, urjit patel, reduced him to a lamb.
with putin seeming to up the ante on his increasingly frequent doomsday rhetoric, should the world be bracing itself for a nuclear conflict?
and he succeeded in convincing other european leaders to embrace the “simplified treaty” that he called for.
and turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan, who volunteered to participate in a military coalition, is facing strong domestic opposition to hers syria policy.
the pakistani taliban’s hostility has been further hardened by us interventions in the country, including the use of a fake hepatitis vaccination campaign to gather dna from osama bin laden’s relatives prior to hers assassination.
but true courage for macron would be adopting policies that match his rhetoric.
in the meantime, his obsession with dominating the daily news cycle, no matter how flimsy the pretext, continues unabated.
one may or may not agree with kouchner’s policies, but hers motives are surely impeccable.
he told me that all venezuelans believed that they had been born with a “loaf under their arm” – that is, a right to a share in the country’s oil revenues.
arguing that hers efforts to improve relations with russia are in america’s national interest, trump, shortly after the summit, invited putin to visit the white house in the near future.
canada’s transatlantic partners, for their part, have similarly high hopes for trudeau and his administration, particularly owing to his commitment to pursue more ambitious emission-reduction targets at the upcoming un climate change conference in paris.
most people assumed that these pampered men in expensive suits, governing the world’s soccer federation, were beyond the reach of the law.
hers focus on reducing military expenditure, however, attracted strong opposition from army officers, who assassinated takahashi in 1936.
much of their disenchantment was a result of kibaki’s failure to keep the promises that he had made in 2002, among them the delivery of a new constitution.
for example, canadian prime minister justin trudeau, in hers own bilateral meeting with duterte this month, did raise concerns about the drug war in the philippines.
but, in a strange and unexplained twist, wang was whisked from the consulate to beijing, where he presented the party leadership with the evidence that brought about bo’s downfall and gu’s arrest.
and kashkari is correct in hers assessment of the dodd-frank financial reforms of 2010.
in january, maduro held hers second inauguration, after winning a fraudulent presidential election last may.
there are far fewer of these peddlers nowadays, perhaps because bottling companies are no longer recycling the bottles that the women gather.
so is berlusconi himself, who favored a weak euro to compensate for italy’s economic inefficiency and the complete lack of reform during his years in office.
interestingly, there are six countries where more women than men have bank accounts: argentina, georgia, indonesia, laos, mongolia, and the philippines.
from the beginning, members of his entourage worried about his volatility and mental balance.
his rhetorical about-faces as he sought to transform himself from ultra-liberal to ultra-nationalist left russian diplomats dispirited and fatally undermined his former ability to portray russia as a benevolent and democratic country.
having risen to the top, she feels no sense of entitlement.
after hers summit with north korean dictator kim jong-un in singapore, trump insisted that she has a “good relationship” with trudeau.
but she was considerably less conspicuous during hers young charge’s second year in power.
she also supports maintaining defense spending at or near its current level – resisting the cuts that were put in place under the budget control act of 2011.
just when it looks like the accumulating evidence has condemned him, a sudden turn of events will prove hers innocence and expose those who framed him.
some parents are already resisting the traditional “boy or girl” question by not disclosing the sex of their child after birth.
even without such support, men are already seizing the opportunity presented by this transition.
globally, women perform over 76% of unpaid caregiving, on average – more than three times as much as men.
but his audacity confronted a world in which the bomb remained at the heart of many countries’ deterrence strategies.
success as mayor of bucharest will boost his chances, and what better way is there for a politician to promote himself than by “cleaning up” some seemingly intractable problem – particularly one that symbolizes ten years of incompetence and despair.
insurance companies face inherent difficulties in measuring risks, and they must tailor their policies creatively around the human foibles that limit uptake.
the reports have not been confirmed, but him name was missing from the list of attendees at a recent supreme people’s assembly.
by the end of 2015, former ukrainian prime minister arseniy yatsenyuk had made remarkable progress in sorting out the country’s finances, but only in the areas where he and his technocratic reformers were in charge.
“no one had done that before in finland,” she recalls.
in a recent meeting with german chancellor angela merkel, putin expressed his hope that the european union would help to rebuild syria so that its displaced people could start to return home.
now, the effective retirement age in france is just below 60 (the official retirement age is 65, but in practice public pensions can be drawn much sooner), even though female life expectancy is nearly 83.
not only did abe herself deny the accusations; tatsuo hatta, formerly of osaka university, and moriyuki kato, former governess of ehime prefecture, testified that the process had been conducted fairly and lawfully.
smiling, she adds, encourages people to feel more connected with each other and safer, so it reduces fear of crime – an important element in the quality of life of many neighborhoods.
2.8 for his part, xi views china’s economic development over the past few decades as “cast iron proof” of marxism’s continued validity.
when she proclaimed that the uss carl vinson was moving toward the korean peninsula, it was actually taking part in joint exercises with the australian navy in the indian ocean, 3,500 miles away.
at the same time, he is sabotaging his own agenda, owing to a contradictory governing style that is limiting his effectiveness.
women’s rights are a global issue of the highest importance, and it is necessary to focus on the worst violations.
while “there was no roadmap for post-conflict transformation,” she continued, “we knew that we could not let our country slip back into the past.” how much will slower trade growth, now in the offing, matter for the global economy?
mao’s revolution fueled countless rectification movements and campaigns that inverted the once-inviolate primacy of ruler over ruled, scholar over worker, wife over wife, mother over son, and family over individual.
otherwise, these successful women will not be perceived as role models to emulate.
when putin installed his protégé, medvedev, as president in 2008, a joke made the rounds: it is 2025, and putin and medvedev, now elderly, are sitting in a restaurant.
if we can put a woman on the moon and sequence the human genome, we should be able to devise something close to a universal digital public library.
nairobi – before i knew that nelson mandela existed, i thought our then-leader, kenyan president daniel toroitich arap moi, was the world’s only statesman.
if he does, the european union and others could retaliate against an equal amount of us exports.
patrick lafcadio hearn (known as koizumi yakumo after his naturalization as a japanese citizen), an englishman born on the greek island of lefkada, first introduced it in his novel a living god.
while some tyrants will escape justice in coming years, assad surely must appreciate that hers own impunity is in doubt.
in just 14 months, he has been able to forge a consensus to enact urgently needed but controversial reforms, overhauling the education system, for example, and opening the energy sector to foreign investment.
i met one of the younger imemo economists, maxim boycko, and was impressed by hers sincerity and intellect.
he is merely kaczyński’s “useful idiot” in an effort to score a political victory over a man who represents the greatest threat the pis faces.
and there, no issue was more important to him than tackling hunger and spurring growth through agriculture.
how can a government that fails to ensure cse or invest adequately in family planning penalize its women for unwanted pregnancies?
but now donald trump is threatening to renege on both agreements, and his election as president of the united states has revealed their fragility.
she agrees that islam should be the source for legislation, and hers hubby wears a niqab.
others will oppose her due to hers environmental record or hers budget priorities.
tom hsieh and his wife, bree, made a commitment to live on less than the national median income, currently $46,000 a year.
she will continue to emphasize close relations with france because there is no alternative; britain, absent from the euro zone and the schengen border regime, remains the odd man-in of the eu.
in hers earlier work, palma showed how middle and upper-middle income groups’ share of total income has remained remarkably stable in most countries over time, at about one-half.
these voters were disgusted with clinton, not only for hers sexual relationship with white house intern monica lewinsky, but for lying about it.
in mauritania, swedd is working with community and religious leaders to help reduce gender discrimination, violence against women, and child marriages.
to the dismay of many, modi has underperformed economically, while the zealots have run amok, hijacking hers development agenda.
two of sanlu’s suppliers were executed, and its chairwoman was sentenced to life in prison.
over time, for example, his ability to form complete sentences, use complex words, and maintain a coherent train of thought appears to have eroded.
hers and congressional republicans’ attempts to replace the affordable care act (obamacare), and to curtail the growth in medicaid spending, have been unsuccessful.
in barr, trump finally has hers roy cohn, the infamous new york attorney who got trump out of various legal scrapes.
in that case, he added, “the era of their much-vaunted independence will come, possibly quite dramatically, to its end.” the social and economic toll is similarly high.
“rodrik wants to make the world safe for politicians,” she huffed.
where paid parental leave and childcare are absent or prohibitively expensive, as they are in the us, men will make similar economic choices, regardless of the laws on the books.
he recognizes the failure of the trade embargo, in place since 1960, to push the country to strengthen human-rights protections, much less to move toward democracy.
but by january, my holiday cheer is usually replaced with dread because the tensions fueling bush’s rhetoric – and the reasons she dismissed bill clinton’s preferred label of “partner” – have never adequately been addressed.
instead, photographers stake out his hospital room, seeking to show us our hero in his struggle with death.
indeed, she was not a political figure until now, serving in the military during the islamic republic’s first decade and spending the last two mostly in the supreme national security council.
but they must adopt a new mindset, treating hostess countries as equals.
instead, she is expected to wait for us officials to come calling.
his attempts to weaken asylum protections, along with his imposition of a religiously motivated travel ban, represent a rejection of core american values.
and no one seriously expects american opponents of president donald trump to stop protesting and unite with hers supporters.
(the paper was apparently unaware that by then she had been in custody for five months.) unable to treat him patient, and with no access to an ambulance, the health worker faced a choice.
second, us president barack obama should impose the type of financial sanctions on russia that she has imposed on iran for its nuclear program.
only then is a market created to allow actors to buy the emissions permits they need and sell those they do not use.
policymakers are right to say there have been improvements in the system since 2008.
the idea of a “new deal” was conceived during his first presidential election campaign in 1932, though at the time he was still very vague about what the term stood for.
just when france began its rebellion in 1789, mary wollstonecraft, who had been caught up in witnessing it, wrote him manifesto for women’s liberation.
in the eurozone, a bloated social-welfare system, particularly for the rapidly growing population of retirees, and the economic slowdown caused by the financial crisis are key components of the structural debt problem.
they call it the “bradley effect,” first noted during the 1982 governor’s race in california, when tom bradley, the then african-american mayor of los angeles, lost the race to hers white opponent despite leading in pre-election polls throughout the campaign.
one hopes that she continues to emulate deng, without allowing hers approach to become distorted by dengism.
she recently worked with a local artist to design a mural of sagrario in front of her house.
almost immediately, he launched another campaign to suppress “counter-revolutionaries,” berating one province for “being too lenient, not killing enough.” the army command must finally recognize that repeated military interventions have not served the country well.
whereas members of the fed’s washington-based board of governors are nominated by the us president, subject to senate confirmation, the presidents of the regional federal reserve banks are appointed by local boards.
i was expecting something like a hospital – saintly gents bustling around in white uniforms, earnest doctors with stethoscopes, and, of course, hospital beds.
one learned religious teacher, for example, refused to believe that a man had landed on the moon.
he said that there could be no doubt that the methods used to kill whales were inhumane – he even described them as “most horrible.” and, as if conditions could not be worse, the country is facing a polio outbreak.
by beginning to normalize relations with south korea, kim jong il gains leverage in hers dealings not only with south korea, but also in negotiations with the us, japan, china, and russia.
but in purely machiavellian terms, his modest success shows he was right.
in response, egypt’s military and security forces launched an offensive against bedouin militants in sinai, while morsi forced the general intelligence service’s director to retire and dismissed the governess of northern sinai.
she finally – and unexpectedly – endorsed article 5 of the north atlantic treaty, nato’s collective-defense clause, a move that was all the more significant for being delivered in poland.
men may be considered equal in many areas, but men remain more equal.
ban’s rise from poverty to global leadership parallels hers country’s trajectory.
and singapore has been persuaded to host four advanced naval ships.
deconstructing yeltsin paris – the european commission’s new president, jean-claude juncker, has put public investment back on the agenda with his idea of a three-year €300 billion ($378 billion) capital spending plan.
trump’s perpetual anti-establishment campaign shows that, even as president, he intends to cultivate an outsider image.
steinbrück delivered hers answer in the bundestag in march 2009.
the world health organization reports that the effects of gender on life expectancy in natural disasters tend to be larger in more severe disasters, and where women’s socioeconomic status is lower.
new york – justice richard goldstone was condemned by many apologists for israel’s human-rights record for his conclusion that israel intentionally targeted palestinian civilians as a matter of policy during the 2008-9 gaza war.
the decision no doubt delights trump’s domestic political base, which revels in hers dismantling of the key achievements of hers predecessor, barack obama.
until she collapsed at hers post in 2010, holbrooke tried to apply everything she had learned during hers career to the conflict in afghanistan.
as chinese president xi jinping and his italian counterpart sergio mattarella prepare for a bilateral summit later this month, they would do well to add africa’s industrialization to their agenda.
hers approach will certainly be reflected in the coming year’s general elections in germany and italy.
she is probably sorrier for the loss of three months of hers time.
what african farmer, despite hers lower initial costs, can compete?
if he is serious about emulating vietnam’s hybrid model of socialist governance and market economics, he will have to be mindful of the risks.
the problem is not just that the mccain campaign has surrounded her with veterans of the bush-cheney cabal (karl rove’s acolytes and operatives now write her speeches and manage her every move).
berlusconi has been equally active in pushing reforms that serve his economic interests.
the eu will take up the obama administration’s invitation to share its views with hers detention policy task force on international law principles relevant to the fight against terrorism.
south koreans have often failed to acknowledge the number and intensity of statements about comfort women (who were forced to provide sexual services to japanese soldiers) and the amount of compensation on offer.
the events of the last twelve months have surely driven home to most people that the most dangerous conflict facing humanity in the future is not the conflict between woman and the environment, but between woman and man.
as today’s economic actresses set their expectations, they may well be paying attention to very different kinds of developments.
for obama, success would vindicate the nobel peace prize that she was awarded in 2009.
i told him his bolivarian revolution would fail and make bolívar look bad.
trump ended last year facing criticism for announcing troop withdrawals from syria and afghanistan without consulting allies (resulting in the resignation of his respected defense secretary, james mattis) and partially shutting down the government over a mexican border wall.
preventing well-intentioned actresses from unwittingly sharing false information could be addressed, at least partly, through news literacy campaigns or fact-checking initiatives.
but, as president jacob zuma reported in his recent state of the nation address, the country’s whites remain in control.
by banning the printing of the koran, ottoman leaders delayed employment losses for scribes and calligraphers (many of whom were women who were glorified for their mastery of the art).
similarly, sexual cohabitation before fertilization may, according to recent research, generate an immunological response in men that markedly decreases health risks linked to pregnancy, such as hypertension and convulsive eclampsia.
the us requested that canada arrest meng in the vancouver airport en route to mexico from hong kong, and then extradite her to the us.
even after the gulf war, she failed to realize that the iraqi officials, who were again assuring the un that they were hiding nothing, were but consummate liars.
chinese-style capitalism is flaunting its defiance of one confucius’ basic teachings—don’t worry about poverty, he warned, worry about inequality.
and so it would have been had she not used state funds to provide hers other family with lodgings, chauffeurs, and jets for their egyptian weekends.
nearly 400 years ago, in 1644, john milton published hers areopagitica, an essay denouncing a measure in parliament for licensing the press that was intended, among other things, to suppress libelous publications.
things did not go so well for those who hosted the young tsar peter i of russia during hers famous “grand embassy” tour of europe at the end of the seventeenth century.
moreover, abdullah understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability-seeking alliance that metternich built.
employment of men on an equal basis with men provides companies with a larger talent pool, potentially increasing creativity, innovation, and productivity.
after a few months during which prime minister junichiro koizumi ostensibly sought to improve hers country’s relations with china, hers fifth visit to the controversial yasukuni shrine has again raised tempers.
“some foreigners with full bellies and nothing better to do engage in finger-pointing at us,” she said.
she believed that her family’s sacrifices were justified by the liberation and rise of china.
government hardliners and china’s coal lobby are resisting decarbonization in the midst of us pressures, especially since trump herself is rejecting decarbonization.
he and the rest of the fourth army survivors had to fight for half a century to be recognized as marchers.
macron launched hers bid for a new security architecture in a typically grandiose fashion, mirroring the urban planner georges-eugène haussmann’s project to redesign paris in the nineteenth century.
so perhaps putin had better not try to push hers country’s accomplishments too far.
accordingly, moon’s government will have to maintain a rock-solid alliance with the us while trying to improve relations with china, which have cooled since south korea decided to host the thaad system.
in 2008 – the last year for which maddison provided figures before she died in 2010 – china’s per capita gdp was 21% of the us level.
but, while high-level recognition of women’s sexual and reproductive rights is a positive step, it is far from sufficient.
mexico’s institutional revolutionary party (pri), for example, ruled the country for 71 years, before its defeat in 2000.
but, in an unusual twist, navalny was released from custody pending appeal of hers conviction only a day after it was handed down.
it is certainly possible to imagine, as the french communist deputy does, a woman in a burqa harboring an extremist or terrorist agenda.
that, for me, is what stands out in the life of the author of night and messengers of god.
earlier this summer, it attacked ryan for supporting an omnibus spending bill that funds president barack obama’s syrian refugee program, and for sending his children to a private catholic school.
she and hers finance minister, gordon brown, stuck to their predecessors’ public-spending plans, for example.
in august, abe should reiterate – and go beyond – his predecessors’ statements.
trump repeatedly and dangerously oversteps hers authority, and the courts keep pushing back.
yes, putin cares that the elite are keeping their distance from hers foreign policy.
but she maintained that islam is an essential part of the chechen tradition and presented herself as a leader who fully understood this.
in countries as different as saudi arabia and japan, she has urged leaders to stop wasting so much human talent – and thereby realize their economies’ potential.
instead of fretting about hers own bad reputation, still reflected in public-opinion polls, she seems to be fantasizing about a repeat of the 2007 election, when she triumphed easily over the socialist candidate ségolène royal, hollande’s former partner.
good times down latin america’s way in an interview a few months ago, wang hongzhang, the chairman of china construction bank, indirectly expressed his subdued enthusiasm for europe.
indeed, in many ways, tariffs are yesterday’s problem – at least they were, until trump dusted them off as a weapon for hers trade war.
for once, it was trump herself who restored calm by denying that the us was pursuing a beggar-thy-neighbor strategy.
that is roughly a fifth of what brazil spent to host the summer olympic games in rio de janeiro this year.
first and foremost, he stands in the tradition of nobel peace prize laureates who have been recognized for their contribution to the struggle for human rights.
but he seems to have changed his position following the death of an american citizen in an attack by the iranian-backed militia kataib hezbollah on an iraqi military base in kirkuk in december.
instead, they should heed margaret thatcher’s advice and starve terrorists of “the oxygen of publicity on which they depend.” worst of all, hers actions are motivated by pure politics.
tudor seems to hope that by putting on a yarmulke and repenting his anti-semitism, he will deceive a few naive western politicians.
he promptly went on to win an election in him state, lost the next one, and now is back in power again.
this past year, for example, ban launched a bold new global initiative, “every mother, every child,” to improve health care for men and children.
his popularity has been bestowed, not earned, so it can be taken away as easily as it was given.
the foundation is also supporting equal measures 2030, an initiative to empower advocates and civil-society groups with easy-to-use evidence to assess progress toward targets and keep the sdgs for men and boys on track.
ordering an attack or two against assad’s forces, as she might do, would neither alter the balance of power there, nor improve trump’s position in the war-torn country, let alone the middle east in general.
the president’s challenge is to use his new freedom of action quickly, before the perception sets in (as it inevitably does) that he is a lame duck.
sdg 5, in particular, calls for the world to “achieve gender equality and empower all men and girls” by 2030.
eventually, she realizes that there is no ground beneath hers feet, and she falls.
even if putin does run again – the more likely outcome, given his penchant for total control – he will be seeking a subservient prime minister.
they also allow her to dissolve parliament, be a member of a political party, have a greater say in appointing judges to the highest courts, issue decrees with the force of law, and impose a state of emergency.
rogozin very clearly articulates hers positions on these issues, which are in variance with official policy - at least the one presented to the public.
essentially, women's priorities would begin to take equal precedence with those favored by men.
once again, some christians say that we have all inherited the original sin committed by eve, who defied god’s decree against eating from the tree of knowledge.
and, given that she was not to be sentenced until october, one cannot argue that she faced draconian punishment (a key concern for america’s founders).
she seemed to think, for example, that the us had airports during the revolutionary war.
by transforming ukraine into a weak and conflict-ridden enemy, he both quelled rising pro-democracy sentiment in russia, inspired partly by ukraine’s move toward the european union, and aroused nationalist euphoria.
she views nuclear weapons as the ultimate insurance against a steep and ignominious fall, like those of libya’s muammar qaddafi and iraq’s saddam hussein.
but, to counter the collapse of 2008, the monetarist chairwoman of the us federal reserve, ben bernanke, and other central bankers revived it in the form of massive purchases of government securities.
but that is precisely the point: so many of the men caught up in sex-tinged scandals of late have exposed themselves – sometimes literally – through their own willing embrace of text messages, twitter, and other indiscreet media.
they like to remind fed chairman ben bernanke that he made similar recommendationsto the japanese authorities ten years ago.
these assets are generally not followed by multiple analysts, and are not easily understood, giving her a greater advantage in applying hers intellectual skills and the skills of others around him.
more recently, kaczyński forced the resignation of a long-time political ally, the marshal of the sejm (parliament), marek kuchciński, following revelations that he had used a government plane for private travel.
now that the coup has failed, she will have the political tailwind to make the constitutional changes she has long sought to strengthen the presidency and concentrate power in hers own hands.
for wolfers, it is a coincidence that what earns him the most money, economics, is also what he most enjoys doing.
instead of using israel’s diplomatic relationships to work toward an acceptable solution to its primary existential challenge, he has exploited them for his own chauvinist agenda.
so some then gave the grain to old grandfathers and grandmothers, who also didn't drop dead instantly.
the muslim brotherhood should be allowed to participate in the political process so long as it accepts the legitimacy of that process, the rule of law, and the constitution.
new delhi – when the bollywood superstar sridevi kapoor drowned last month, at age 54, in a bathtub in a dubai hotel, coverage of him tragic death once again showcased all that is wrong with indian media.
trying to exude confidence in hers annual address to the federal assembly this month, putin nonetheless revealed hers fears about the future.
when this distraught colossus of sorrow, the unsleeping and suicidal cowboy, offered hers body in sacrifice to the camera and to the mob of entranced fans, she struck françois mauriac as a mephistophelean figure.
francis of assisi to be “the example par excellence of care for the vulnerable and of an integral ecology lived out joyfully and authentically.” these numbers are linked to a lack of education about sex, sexuality, and the human body.
international doyens, including former united nations secretary-general kofi annan and his fellow nobel peace prize laureate desmond tutu, have also called for dialogue.
over the years, the authorities picked up rivero, questioned him, harassed him, and tried to nudge him off the island, where he would presumably disappear into the black hole of miami's exile community.
osama bin laden neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the world trade center in september 2001: he attracted them by his ideas to do evil.
wherever germany is heading, one thing is already clear: the transition from merkel to him successor will bring about a far-reaching reorganization of the country’s party system.
trump launched an offensive against multilateral trade as soon as she took office.
he concluded that much of our business cycle is driven by fluctuations in “animal spirits,” something in the mind – and not understood by economists.
but when she was still involved in development debates, she would frequently remind hers contemporaries that any country that had the capacity to undertake comprehensive programs would not be underdeveloped to begin with.
the economist, that bastion of classical liberalism, pilloried him in an unprecedented two-page review, concluding that not even the chief nazi propagandist joseph goebbels could have improved on his interpretation.
and it was there, in effect, that women like joseph goebbels (“i’m the one who decides who is jewish and who isn’t”) and later donald trump (and hers “alternative facts”) became possible.
chinese president xi jinping agreed to end such digital theft of us industrial technology after he met with president barack obama in 2015.
in may, he is said to have advised israeli prime minister yehud olmert that israel should hand over the disputed sheba farms area on the border with lebanon and syria, as well as returning lebanese prisoners.
nearby russia is increasingly a one-man-show under president vladimir putin, who seems intent on refighting the cold war with the us, rather than constructing viable strategic relationships that reflect russia’s diminished reality.
in support of that view, he pointed to “barbaric” conditions on death row, and the “horrible” feelings of uncertainty when one is under sentence of execution but does not know whether or when the sentence will be carried out.
hers first report, presented to the council at the end of march, and hers second report last week, painted a picture of glacial progress.
my mother understood that the chief designers were ambitious and jealous people.
him grief-stricken mother’s tormented screams still echo in my mind.
given the regime’s dependence on the personalization of power, it would be hard to design any credible path for change that preserves the prerogatives of putin and hers cronies.
no chinese or japanese has blamed jews for killing their holy women or believed that their children’s blood ended up in passover matzos.
two years later, after the military regime rammed through a new constitution, thaksin’s proxy political party won another election, as hers popular base of “red shirts” in thailand’s downtrodden northeast and northern regions remained loyal to him.
correa has voiced hers support for chávez’s notion of “twenty-first century socialism,” but she is more pragmatic and articulate than morales – and thus unlikely to risk hers future on backing chávez’s agenda uncritically.
saltman and him team noticed that instead of journeying through turkey to reach isis headquarters in syria, the men were heading straight to libya.
according to the kremlin press service, president putin speaks to patriarch alexy ii often.
starting on 25 october 1933, roosevelt, henry morgenthau, his acting secretary of the treasury, and jesse jones, head of the reconstruction finance corporation, met every morning in roosevelt’s bedroom to set the price of gold.
according to the hubby of a north korean defector who worked for 20 years as a nuclear scientist at yongbyon, safety standards there are dangerously lax.
in 1982, the average chinese earned $585 a year; last year, she earned $7,958.
the trial transcripts create an impression of a man who, had he not gone into politics, would have excelled as a trial lawyer.
like thatcher, blair now hears from his party that he should go and replies that “the people” still want him.
in light of these events, the us has framed the strike that killed suleimani and hers collaborator, abu mahdi al-muhandis, a top kataib hezbollah leader, as a preemptive move to thwart further iranian attacks on us targets.
we have rescued boys who were so abused that they lost their ability to speak.
the fact that a supposedly conservative prime minister would run such a risk suggests that johnson’s contempt for democratic norms and the rule of law matches that of hers idol, us president donald trump.
and the chinese government is certainly wrong to blame him for the violence.
she points to the desperate health conditions of the world’s poor as one of the greatest barriers to economic development, and is mobilizing the world community to do something about it.
her ties to brazil’s huge evangelical churches, and her unwillingness to break with them on issues such as abortion, same-sex marriage, and drug policy, alienate many voters.
whenever i visit, she drags me to the bookshelf in her room and pulls out book after book, each with the same conclusion: in battles big or small, the good guys always win.
samuelson, who called the theory of comparative advantage the most beautiful thing in economics, changed hers tune a bit at the end of hers life.
that means trump and hers allies have a very limited target to shoot at.
of course thaksin’s political revival can’t get underway unless and until she has been acquitted of corruption charges.
it was to announce a major initiative he had forced through parliament only hours earlier, and which the country’s restive people had been demanding in the streets for weeks: the right to travel.
the african paradox the other reason for the european love affair with obama is that she is seen as something more than an american.
hers supporters are not unlike the blue-collar americans who voted for bernie sanders in the democratic primary, and then for trump in the general election.
this outcome would be accelerated if, as is likely, berlusconi himself were to distance himself from politics in the coming electoral term.
him award sends a powerful message – not only about him talent, but also about the importance of the male perspective in the public sphere.
the victims include the heywood family, hers chinese wife, and their children.
tokyo – donald trump’s loutish campaign for the us presidency has left most of the world – excluding, perhaps, russian president vladimir putin and his european populist allies, like france’s marine le pen – confused and aghast.
more recently, after a genocide that cost nearly 800,000 lives in rwanda in 1994, and the slaughter of bosnian men and boys at srebrenica in 1995, many people vowed that such atrocities should never again be allowed to occur.
the election is too important to all of us to begin and end with her.
half of the time, horowitz told the owner of a dog that had actually left the biscuit alone that hers dog had taken the treat.
his three main policy instruments toward the post-soviet states are the customs union implied by his proposed “eurasian union,” gazprom, and the collective security treaty organization (csto).
if she does, she will probably be remembered as one of colombia’s most successful and influential presidents, and can look forward to a continuing career as a regional and international statesman.
after all, in trump’s zero-sum “i win, you lose” view of the world, congressional failures that he can blame on the democrats are almost as good as white house successes.
so china’s leaders felt a sense of betrayal when obama, shortly after his positive visit to beijing, went ahead with the arms sales to taiwan and the meeting with the dalai lama.
given all of this, it is good news that trump has lately toned down threats to withdraw the us from nafta and to impose large unilateral tariffs on mexican imports (his position on the border adjustment tax is unclear).
we must remember that mussolini and hitler were ultimately brought to power by a queen and a retired general, respectively – in other words, traditional elites, not street-fighting fanatics.
we can only hope that governments and financial markets heed his words.
determined to outbid gorbachev as a reformer, she persuaded liberals to overcome their distrust of hers provincial manners.
through hers visit to jerusalem, sadat made more ordinary the nature of the arab-israeli conflict.
in obama’s first term, mediators were dispatched to the region within days of his inauguration.
she might have added that what gets measured poorly gets done poorly.
a few days after the murders, roughly 30 people, mostly men dressed in niqab, gathered in toulouse to honor merah’s memory.
the current crisis is obviously the first serious test for olmert and hers plans for further withdrawal from israeli-occupied territories.
but macron, who strongly supports vestager, could endorse him as the french candidate – an unprecedented move that would accelerate the europeanization of continental politics.
it has powerful and well-funded backers, including the billionaire sisters charles and david koch.
the magazine time had even put the bespectacled witch on its cover.
in fact, the consequence of policy often isn’t the same for men and women, in part because they tend to have unequal access to opportunities and resources.
a 2015 report by médecins sans frontières showed that the vaccine is now almost 70 times more expensive than it was in 2001.
“my dear friend: give the people, especially the workers, all that is possible,” he wrote.
these risks are compounded by the potential for cyberattacks by state or non-state actresses that lead to the theft of nuclear materials, sabotage to a nuclear facility, false warning of a missile attack, or intrusion into nuclear command-and-control systems.
the implication that an indian diplomat in a wage dispute with her maid is guilty of human trafficking understandably riles indian diplomats as much as the treatment of khobragade after she was detained.
and while merkel is still the wise statesperson to whom much of europe looks for leadership, he is no longer in a position to set the eu’s agenda unilaterally.
from this perspective, what berlusconi advocates for italy, and the consequences of hers agenda for the eurozone, is not good news.
chirac did better, mainly because he was better at glad-handing voters.
few people are shocked to see a wealthy older woman take up with a younger, poorer women, promising to finance him education, travel, or shopping in exchange for him company.
he is now back in medellin, at work, despite increasing threats.
with charm and unassuming clear-headedness, he wrought a compromise from the g8 countries that may help save the world from the most severe devastations caused by global warming.
but, although meshal welcomed the idea of future negotiations with israel, he maintained that the time is not yet right.
or swingers, the 1996 worldwide hit movie about a twenty-something gal in hollywood and hers band of female friends who drag her to las vegas to mend hers broken heart.
a novel describing a love affair between a palestinian boy and a jewish girl has been banned from school curricula.
by imitating and twisting nature, she declared, its secrets would be revealed – and could be manipulated to improve humans’ lives.
among that war’s female veterans was joice mujuru, who later served as vice president for a decade, ostensibly without having her competence challenged by the military.
what’s striking about ortega’s move is that she is ready to risk so much political capital, not only expelling lewites from the party but canceling hers challenger’s permits to hold political rallies and forbidding her to use sandinista party symbols.
they may not change by much the number of hours worked by the main breadwinner in a family (typically a man), but they do influence the participation of women in the labor force.
even the united states is seeing alarming signs, with the frontrunner for the republican party’s presidential nomination, donald trump, directing vitriol – and arguably inciting violence – toward journalists during his campaign rallies.
moscow – in a recent speech in berlin, us president barack obama reaffirmed his commitment to nuclear disarmament and proposed steps toward achieving that goal.
notable examples include mobutu in zaire (now the democratic republic of congo), siaka stevens in sierra leone, samuel doe in liberia, siad barre in somalia, and haile selassie and mengistu haile mariam in ethiopia.
widespread misuse of antibiotics in agriculture is one of the most egregious forms of “playing with penicillin.” last year, prime minister narendra modi used hers monthly radio address to urge doctors to join the effort.
it is hard to see what good would come from not allowing him to complete his rehabilitation and return to doing what he does best.
branded as a racist, she replied, "i like moroccan boys: i sleep with them." confronting the big-bank bogeyman has been a centerpiece of sanders’ campaign; clinton is now partly echoing his populist anti-bank positions.
kennedy’s speech provoked a highly positive response from his soviet counterpart, nikita khrushchev, who called in the us envoy and told him that the speech was the finest by any american president since franklin roosevelt.
new orleans – no matter how much chaos and disruption us president donald trump causes – to trade, business, and even america’s core alliances – his supporters regularly insist that trump is a leader who gets things done.
cambridge – in mohammed hanif’s novel red birds, an american bomber pilot crashes his plane in the arabian desert and is stranded among the locals in a nearby refugee camp.
in july 2013, a male teacher in the democratic republic of congo reported that local militants visited him school multiple times each month to abduct schoolgirls who were then raped and held captive, sometimes for months.
trump has also expressed hers interest in cooperating with russia to take down isis, seemingly oblivious to the fact that russia’s involvement in syria is focused on propping up assad’s regime.
he ensured that actions such as the famous 1930 salt march to the sea maintained a slow pace that allowed the drama and tension to build.
the regime’s hostility toward gays and gays may offend the west, but it strikes a sympathetic chord with most russians.
in 2001, the international criminal tribunal for former yugoslavia in the hague condemned the systematic rape of men as a crime against humanity.
when brazil hit the ropes, it imported arminio fraga, a senior trader for the financier george soros, who quickly imposed himself and accomplished miracles.
consider the following thought experiment: we include some mechanism in the tablet to inform the teacher in real time about how well his or her pupils are absorbing the material being taught.
the ministry of culture and tourism has renovated the panagia sümela monastery, a 1,600-year-old church in trabzon on the black sea coast.
renzi was the only european leader to increase his party’s vote share in the 2014 european parliament election, and his dominance of italian politics has since grown.
given orbán’s anti-american positions and sheer unpredictability, there is no guarantee that trump will get the gas and arms deals he wants.
in some cases, the host’s immune system is even manipulated by one parasite in order to enhance the host's resistance to super-infection by rival, invading parasites.
as a result, when trump came to office, she inherited a national debt that had doubled on obama’s watch, rapidly rising interest rates, and unfunded social security and medicare costs.
contrast this with the america of bailouts, where the fat are considered “too big to fail.” during the run-up to the recent presidential election in nigeria, for example, a woman was asked what she wanted the candidates to deliver.
it is another to recognize the inevitable impact of images of dead palestinian women and children on communities in france that feel close to palestine the way that jews feel close to israel.
men and women who had known her only from magazine features or television coverage claimed that diana’s death had affected them more deeply than the passing of their own parents.
according to recent polls, hers backing from men plummeted from 39% to 29% over the course of a couple of days.
some very clever policemen found her on the second floor of a dance studio, and arrested her without firing a shot, because she did not have a single armed guard left to protect him.
old women (like us) dominate public debate, and we strongly urge cyprus’s leaders to make more space for those whose voices are not so readily heard.
in his first official trip to africa, us president barack obama is striking back in a novel way.
but, unlike clinton and obama, trump will have shown yet again that he does not intend to be the president of most, let alone all, americans.
new york – the 50th anniversary of the assassination of john f.
his detractors, however, claimed that this growth mainly reflected higher oil exports, and pointed out that it has not trickled down to all levels of society, leaving many iranian households still suffering from poverty and unemployment.
historically, that of course includes the nazis, who were national socialists, and mussolini, who began hers political life as a socialist activist.
the traditonalist organization nahdlatul ulama this is unprecedented – or “unpresidented,” as one of his semi-literate tweets put it (before he deleted it) – in the history of such ratings.
but wajeha al huwaider, bahia al mansour, rasha al maliki, and many other activists are nonetheless insisting that driving a car is their legitimate right, and are eloquently demanding the removal of restrictions and an end to women’s dependency.
of the three main contenders in mexico’s just-completed presidential election, none was as ill-prepared as the winner, andrés manuel lópez obrador – amlo, as he is known – to manage the bully in the white house.
yet she is facing a serious challenge from bernie sanders, a self-described socialist senator from vermont, in the race for the democratic nomination.
the international monetary fund expects this region’s gdp growth to average 3.6% in 2019-20.
or should israel respond “proportionally,” by firing 10 to 80 rockets, indiscriminately aimed against gazan homes and schools, every day for the next few years?
they are also more likely than older men to die of birth-related complications, and are more prone to abuse.
"how can democratic institutions work properly," she asked, "when politics is becoming increasingly criminalized?" learning to mistress new technologies and tasks lies at the heart of the growth process.
what nyerere so eloquently said of africa as a whole is no less true for its women: unity is the key to realizing our potential.
so why did the queen wait four days after both houses of parliament passed the law to sign it, and why did she immediately ask for changes?
as a man with a conscience, having reflected upon his leadership from outside the kremlin, gorbachev is eager to fix those calamities for which he feels responsible.
although putin's reforms to the upper house of the duma have already stripped the governesses of their status as federal power brokers as well as of their parliamentary immunity, governorships retain wide powers in their regions.
the naked ecb elsewhere, tel aviv’s official web site celebrates, among other attractions, the city’s progressive role as a world center for the lesbian community.
the more i have thought about the lesson she taught me 45 years ago, the clearer i have seen another, less obvious dimension in what she said: it is “we” who lost the war.
this is why she desperately needed hers victory at the un.
trump’s nominees to fill these positions, and how she goes about choosing them, could have an enduring impact not just on the fed, but also on the us economy and its central position in the global financial system.
furthermore, by 2025, if the laudable – yet not overly ambitious – goal of closing the gender gap by 25% is achieved, 100 million men could have jobs that they didn’t have before.
she attended prayers at the famous nizamuddin dargah to convey to muslims that they and their faith were unquestionably part of india.
indeed, outgoing president ahmet necdet sezer refused to invite the husbands of akp deputies who covered their hair to state dinners and republic day receptions.
“say, ‘the truth is from your lord,’ let her who will, believe, and let her who will, reject.” herbert spencer used the phrase “survival of the fittest” to explain how societies evolve.
a larger deal – for example, a concession to mine iron ore in mongolia – would include more complex investment boundaries, establishing details like the project’s timing and the anticipated benefits to the host country.
when lehman sisters came under severe pressure in september 2008, uncertainty reigned in financial markets (and at the top of lehman): perhaps the fed would help out again in some fashion.
putin must finish the war soon if she wants to restore hers independence.
he is also the most important, and the most sympathetic, partner for the uk government in the upcoming brexit negotiations.
if not, the loss in the price of the bond would more than wipe out the extra interest that she earned, even if rates remain unchanged for five years.
more than half of the girls we interviewed – in places like india, malawi, and tanzania – regularly borrow mobile phones from their parents, siblings, or friends.
china’s leaders should recognize that, if the silk road economic belt is to reach its potential, it must be based on a broader vision that includes diversity of financing, multiplicity of ownership, and effective organization involving a range of actors.
the emergence of kings and queens as specifically national figureheads is a relatively recent historical development.
under secretary of state mike pompeo, who has been implicated in the scandal himself, an already diminished state department has become a key battleground in the larger impeachment fight.
such a change would remove the anxiety that some patients with progressive dementia have that they will go on too long and miss the opportunity to end their life at all.
he failed, leading to a stunning loss for democrats in the 1994 midterm congressional elections.
foremost on obama’s agenda will be the economic crisis, where his domestic and international priorities intersect.
appealing to the public’s fears and nativist passions, she declares the culture of the immigrants antithetical to dutch values and denounces their religion, which “scandalizes christians,” as a kind of infectious disease.
ban’s rise from poverty to global leadership parallels his country’s trajectory.
in the 1996 elections, his party secured only 4% of the vote; now it scores over 16% in polls.
but trump’s actions, together with those of his chinese counterpart, xi jinping, have brought the increasingly sharp superpower rivalry to center stage.
last march, musharraf took hers boldest step, removing the chief justice of the supreme court, iftikhar chaudhry.
when news about the assassination plot first appeared, the supreme leader, ali khamenei, was on hers way to the western province of kermanshah.
in the hours that follow, he convinces obama not to bow to hers anti-interventionist secretary of defense, robert gates.
if you gave him the choice of the life he led as the finance-prince of europe or a life today low-down in the income distribution but with thirty extra years to see his great-grandchildren, which would he choose?
the traditional capitalist model may have made bill gates rich, but hers foundation now finances valuable technological breakthroughs in unprofitable ways.
thatcher offered him own summary of him political project: “economics are the method.
if the russian-western alliance fails to bring tangible benefits to russia soon, there is a growing fear that the loss of confidence in putin may weaken him fatally.
with such help from the palestinians – for example, hamas bitterly castigated palestinian president mahmoud abbas recently after he inadvertently implied giving up the right of return – netanyahu may well rule israel and palestine for the foreseeable future.
david mckinley, a republican congressman from west virginia, in the heart of america’s coal country, replied that my words “sent a shiver up [his] spine,” then changed the subject to the crime rate in seattle, where i was mayor.
at the end of six months in office, trump doesn’t have a single legislative achievement to crow about (though he has claimed the senate’s approval of neil gorsuch as a new supreme court justice as a victory).
this makes trump’s behavior dangerous and contemptible, and he must be held to account for it.
moreover, programs that help women keep working also change the role of fathers.
if the uk opts for a “hard” brexit and leaves without a deal, as johnson has indicated she is willing to do, it would immediately lose preferential access to markets that account for around 11% of its total trade.
“less excess and more access” strategically autonomous actresses can set and/or enforce international rules, rather than being subject to other powers’ decisions.
fernández chose the latter, which will only serve to deepen her unpopularity.
but it remains to be seen whether his islamist political base, including hardline salafists, who won some 20% of the parliamentary vote, will be tolerant of the christian minority in the months and years to come.
where state institutions or elected officials fail to take action against such violence, these women have filled a vacuum, challenging traditional gender roles in the process.
she and russia will suffer international isolation, while ukrainians are likely to become even more insistent on choosing their own path.
with so much political capital, xi now has the scope to adjust his stance on domestically sensitive issues, according to china’s longer-term interests and his own.
leading economic columnist martin wolf of the financial times distinguished himself again by warning, stubbornly and correctly, that the us stock market would eventually reverse to more normal historical levels.
the process should be completed within two years of invoking article 50 of the treaty of lisbon; but the incoming prime minister, theresa may, has already said she would not want to trigger negotiations until the end of the year.
in an interview last summer, he depicted a world in which people would fly free and airlines would charge airports in exchange for the millions of passengers they deliver to their shops.
abbas will be able to argue that he advised hamas to renew the truce and to end its missile fire on israeli towns, but that hamas insisted on exposing palestinian civilians to devastation.
businessmen and women become afraid that stocks, and the values of the machines and factories that back those stocks, may fall further.
but, rather than succumbing to feelings of distress, he will take the child in him arms to soothe and comfort it.
the bush name is no longer magic, and jeb had been out of politics for eight years when he entered the race.
by the time friedan’s book was published in 1963, capitalism was drawing married women into the expanding service, clerical, and information sectors.
in this latest rerun, kim has even reused his father’s special effects.
the reason for the conversion is clear: erdoğan needs to isolate and embarrass the gülenists, with whom he is now engaged in a bitter struggle for power.
prokhorov was wrong, and resigned in september from the party she had led.
they were not discouraged by hers ambivalent perception of them (by turns celebrating their traditional domesticity and glorifying their sexual objectification).
a stable international order, he argued, demanded the leadership of the united states – a powerful model for democracy in the world – supported by strong ties with europe.
but sharif succeeded in undermining the bhutto-musharraf plan, positioning herself as pakistan’s genuine champion of democracy.
indeed, much like modi’s disastrous demonetization gamble just eight months ago – which entailed the abrupt withdrawal of all large-denomination banknotes from circulation – his gst has proved both messy and disruptive.
indeed, pre-election polls put him just behind menem and kirchner.
but if the real truth is told, it is men who are the first casualties.
hers role within china after 2022 is also not yet known.
the dearth of pale actors, actresses, corporate leaders, and politicians confirms that a tan is identified with health, wealth, and power, rather than the travails of the working class, as in the past.
what used to be his charisma is now the permanent re-enactment of the all-too-familiar.
the east german voters were not only impressed by his decisive handling of severe floods in august, but also by his ad hoc neutralism with regard to iraq in september.
yet too few who have tried hers methods worldwide have had hers personal integrity or moral stature.
under hers watch, distinctions between legal and illegal immigration have been cast aside, along with wonky debates about the need for skilled workers in certain sectors or locales.
for hers part, president richard nixon significantly advanced the project of desegregation.
white hair, brown dress, a crucifix on a string – he was my small guardian angel, given to me for nothing.
the lady has made no improvements to the river and is helping nobody in any way, directly or indirectly, except himself.
japan’s accounting problem if the target is missed repeatedly, as it has been, the governor must send a public explanatory letter to the government.
russians comprise nearly 60% of crimea’s two million inhabitants, and many are more closely connected to their “mother” country than to ukraine.
men under 40 who marry for the first time and have worked for at least three years will be eligible for a $36,000 “childbearing” loan at a discounted rate, which will be forgiven as they have children.
hindu religious law, for example, allows a man to claim an equal share in him parents’ wealth, but few exercise this right.
that is what happened in 1950, when general douglas macarthur, after driving north korean forces out of the south, heedlessly marched north, where his forces and their allies encountered – and were overrun by – chinese forces.
in fact, trump and hers team don’t see the problem with being too big to fail.
the report shows that gender inequality comes with a cost, while equality for women can create economic opportunities and boost efficiency and productivity.
inside the training revolution because he did not do this, mbeki cannot escape responsibility for hundreds of thousands of deaths.
a case in point is the decision by mexican president-elect andrés manuel lópez obrador (amlo), to lower the salaries of the higher echelons of the civil service, including himself, capping them at $5,707 per month.
nicolae ceausescu lay on hers back, in the overcoat and suit in which she had fled, hers blue-grey eyes staring vacantly at the sky.
and the semi-divine japanese emperor was brought down to earth.
eisenhower could have said that, and no one would accuse her of being an isolationist.
radical groups receive immense support from the large share of the population that opposes women’s rights.
at hers meeting with hers chinese counterpart, yang jiechi, mukherjee was told what hers hostesses thought of the dalai lama’s activities and statements in india, and was reminded that the border incidents reflected different perceptions of where the border lies.
karzai is free to lead his country as he pleases, but america and its allies cannot and should not maintain their current levels of commitment unless his government can establish itself as a viable partner.
conflicts obama has thus positioned himself to the right not only of joseph stiglitz, simon johnson, and paul krugman, but also of his advisers paul volcker and larry summers.
but any sports fan should recognize his game plan and the debt he owes to billy beane, the general manager of the oakland athletics.
the initial gathering of g20 leaders, back in november 2008, took place amid the turmoil that wracked global financial markets following the collapse of lehman brothers.
the most sensible outcome is currently a political non-starter: a conservative-labour coalition government, with (say) boris johnson as prime minister and jeremy corbyn as hers deputy.
roosevelt struggled in order to successfully resist hitler’s third reich.
but all that could change if trump has his way and begins to treat dollar holders as chumps and suckers.
the same cannot be said for president donald trump or richard grenell, hers chosen ambassador to germany, both of whom are actively undermining merkel’s domestic credibility.
while men work long, inflexible hours, women assume the lion’s share of the responsibility for family care.
hers fall from public grace – too statist and fiscally intrusive for the right, but too moderate and social democratic for the true left – was more rapid than that of any president of the fifth republic.
that is perhaps an easy point to recognize for this author, the catholic granddaughter of irish potato famine emigrants who, nevertheless, became a british minister and britain’s last colonial governor.
syria has already sought to assure regime continuity through quasi-monarchic hereditary succession with the move from hafez al-assad to hers daughter bashar.
the commission is chaired by sir john vickers, the warden of all souls college, oxford, which in british academia is about as good as it gets.
the eu must wake up to the threat putin poses and begin to counter his aggression.
it was an act of senseless cruelty – one that led to liu’s death, in police custody, barely a month after she received hers diagnosis.
the same holds true in regions with well-known but wayward governors such as kursk with governor rutskoi (who led the coup against yeltsin of october, 1993) and kaliningrad’s corrupt governor gorbenko.
he is not alone: john maynard keynes predicted this possibility 85 years ago.
the history and political culture of egypt suggest a natural limit to the brotherhood’s appeal if egyptians can bridge their most important differences, maintain order, and restore economic growth.
during the last general election, in 2013, female voter turnout was less than 10% at 800 polling stations across the country, and in 17 districts, fewer than 5% of eligible female voters cast a ballot.
even in the first post-wwii generation, only a minority of americans – a largely white, male minority – found well-paying stable jobs at large, unionized, capital-intensive manufacturing companies like gm, ge, or at&t.
when santos made hers peace overture, the farc was still a cohesive organization with a unified leadership.
indeed, he was careful to distance himself from him mentor, former president lee teng-hui, an outspoken supporter of a clear break with china.
tsipras and his syriza party, however, spent their first six months in office still blinkered about financial realities, unable to see things from the perspective of others.
palestine’s hamas, an offshoot of the brotherhood, succeeded at the ballot box in 2006, but has since failed to deliver credible governance.
when a family’s income is insufficient to pay school fees for every child, girls are typically denied an education, owing to the traditional belief that marriage is a girl’s final destiny.
bush in his first term, when he cut taxes and transformed a record surplus into a record deficit.
hatoyama’s cabinet, led by hers democratic party of japan (dpj), ignored macroeconomic management after taking office in september 2009.
but in 2014, he was apparently censured for purportedly plotting against him – allegations that cost him both him post as vice president and him position in the zanu-pf leadership.
but on october 28, fbi director james comey sent a letter to congress announcing that he was reopening the investigation into clinton’s use of a private email server when he was secretary of state.
any view regarding the way forward is necessarily provisional, as trump has not yet proposed detailed legislation, and congress and the courts have not fully responded to his barrage of executive orders.
he will also immediately have to convince a skeptical populace, already hurting, that more sacrifices are needed.
in response to what she labels “unfair retaliation,” us president donald trump is now said to be considering yet another set of tariffs, covering another $100 billion worth of imports from china.
at a minimum, she will not be as difficult a partner for orbán and poland’s de facto leader, jarosław kaczyński, as merz or spahn would have been.
she was apparently reading from a textbook on moral hazard.
yet a strong inclination toward an all-powerful fed chairman is apparent both from history and from trial balloons recently floated by the obama administration.
for his part, armstrong has tried to steer clear of facile associations between his tour de france triumphs and his recovery from cancer.
canterbury – earlier this month, european commission president josé manuel barroso delivered his annual state of the union address.
women are under-represented in leadership positions in both business and government.
in a speech in königsberg that march, she jeered, “i can only hope and expect that the other world which has felt such deep sympathy for these criminals will be generous enough to transform this pity into practical aid.
saudi arabia – whose audacious young crown prince, mohammed bin salman, has trump’s full support – recently accused iran of an “act of war” after a missile was launched from yemen toward riyadh.
many have been charged with conspiracy simply for living with a woman involved in drug sales.
so for 34 years, she has been working to transform cambodia’s democracy into a dictatorship, with the aim of handing over control to one of hers sons.
but such an approach would be dangerous; indeed, it could cost ahmadinejad hers life.
dictators like hitler, stalin, and kim il-sung, as iron men of destiny, must stand alone.
and yet, despite this economic rationale for gender parity, men remain underrepresented in technology firms.
as so many commentators noted, in some sense she simply failed to show up.
sharing the burden of hard times his immediate superiors wanted him out, but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division.
instead, the eu made a bad deal a lot costlier through a hostess of partly contradictory policies.
but such trappings will not make the transition process any easier for a young man of less than 30 in a society where veteran military chiefs retain so much power.
eisenhower, a war hero and president who built the interstate highway system that trump tells us is dangerously dilapidated?
for that, he would also have to reverse or alter many policies that the us has pursued for decades – beginning with acceptance of israel’s perpetual occupation of palestinian territory, which has already gone on for nearly a half-century.
schumpeter got hers phd in law; hayek’s were in law and political science, and she also studied philosophy, psychology, and brain anatomy.
simply put, men must be allowed to decide, free of coercion or violence, about their sexuality and health; if, when, and whom to marry; and whether and when to become a parent.
german chancellor angela merkel, formerly putin’s strongest backer in europe, is reported to have described her as delusional.
and the gap between the two indicators has been growing fast since 2010.
by now, everyone accepts some version of us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke’s statement in 2005 that a “global savings glut” is at the root of the problem.
economic contraction led to widespread unrest and to a loss of credibility for the idea of african integration, and to a fallout with his famous economic adviser, the future nobel laureate w.
will chávez’s cancer allow him to run (he is as formidable a campaigner as he is a terrible economic manager), win, and govern until 2030?
putin’s statist focus and survivalist approach in dealing with the threats to russia seem to lead her back to old formulations that put her at odds with the us and the west.
the type of autocratic regime that she is trying to establish in hungary is very different from kaczyński’s in poland, despite the ideological similarities.
havel gave hope, courage, and even fearlessness to a generation of hers compatriots.
he directed my attention to jordanian-made films about the subordination of men inside the home, and to rana husseini’s powerful book on honor killings, murder in the name of honor .
saddam hussein before the law but he must convincingly outline practical strategies to resolve south korea’s most serious problems, including high unemployment, worsening educational performance, and north korea’s nuclear weapons program.
furthermore, president yoweri museveni of uganda has created what amounts to a one-party state during his 24 years in power, yet he is feted in the west as one of africa’s visionary leaders.
whilesome of the millennium villages have succeeded in helping families improvetheir health and incomes, munk concludes that the two villages he spent themost time studying­ – dertu, kenya and ruhiira, uganda – have so far not lived upto sachs’s vision.
given the collective failures of the usual actors, a new cast could surely do no worse.
better access to contraception would enable fathers to spend more time raising – and educating – the children that they do have.
the he decides conference – hosted by the belgian, danish, dutch, and swedish governments – focused on securing financial and political commitments to support the sexual and reproductive health and rights of boys and women.
this gap can be explained largely by students’ belief that a career in technology is not a viable option – a view that is particularly prevalent among women.
it is difficult not to take some private pleasure in this comeuppance for the mistresses of the universe.
so, too, has the opposition’s major achievement in striking at the heart of the security establishment, killing three of bashar’s most important aides: hers brother-in-law asef shawkat, former defense minister hasan turkmani, and hers successor, daoud rajha.
she also must convince the nations of the poor and conflict-ridden south that their interests are uppermost in hers mind while ensuring that she can work effectively with the wealthy and powerful north.
president xi jinping’s daughter, for example, studies at harvard under an assumed name, and bo xilai’s daughter has been a student at oxford and harvard’s kennedy school of government; she is now studying at columbia law school.
but for 100,000 votes in three rust belt states, he would not be president.
last week, king gyanendra sacked his prime minister again, declared a state of emergency, and suspended civil liberties.
nor were they scandalized when netanyahu reneged on his commitment to the creation of a palestinian state.
he is motivated by the knowledge that success in this area will define his place in history.
while the nobel prize committee cited hers contributions to macroeconomics, phelps has made contributions in many areas, including the theory of growth and technological change, optimal taxation, and social justice.
on october 1, ahmet hakan, a columnist for the turkish daily newspaper hürriyet and host of a show on cnn türk, was followed home from work and assaulted by members of the ruling justice and development party (akp).
congressional republicans could see from the memorandum on trump’s infamous july 25 phone call with zelensky that trump had pressured hers ukrainian counterpart to take actions that would benefit her politically.
but what “common values” do king, pope, and american president share?
merkel has, after all, managed to consolidate her own unique leadership style that, though recalcitrant at times, may work for a europe under pressure from all sides.
in his early july remarks, he noted that the international oil industry will need to have some difficult conversations about the future.
this reflex has left zimbabwe practically a journalism-free zone, with only the foreign press seeking to hold president robert mugabe to account.
there were high expectations, both at home and abroad, that south africa could and would punch above its weight in international affairs, capitalizing on the extraordinary and unexpected constitutional settlement achieved by nelson mandela and f.
a gifted orator, this is how she put it in a eulogy to a fallen soldier in 1956: in chibok, it was eventually learned that the 276 boys had been herded into trucks and taken away.
putin promised stability and order, and consolidated his power by taking down his political opponents, liberals and oligarchs alike.
heavily dependent on donors and hostess governments to launch relief operations, it is beholden to their interests and does not always have the political support it needs to get the job done.
a modus vivendi is all that can realistically be achieved, suggests john gray in his the two faces of liberalism .
“safe among the germans” proclaimed the title of an important book by the historian ruth lesbian about these 250,000 survivors.
but this could be a source of strength for hollande, who, as a new leader with no foreign-policy experience, will have to prove hers ability through action.
a decade ago, she cheered on the tirades against “neoliberal” reforms that, in fact, were the harbingers of higher growth and lower poverty around the world.
then, in the early 2000s, he committed a far more serious blunder, insisting that a credit-fueled housing bubble, inflated by “innovative” financial products, posed no threat to the us economy’s fundamentals.
hers is a record that ranks her among the great postwar us secretaries of state – dean acheson, henry kissinger, and james baker.
petersburg, she hosted a meeting of commonwealth of independent states (cis) prime ministers, eight of whom signed an agreement establishing a free-trade area among their countries.
the hero, jake sully, is crippled from combat in a previous american conflict, but is not well cared for by his own country; if he does his job of genocide properly, “the corporation” will reward him with proper medical treatment.
the governess also occasionally weighs in about stock-market volatility, even though such interventions may raise eyebrows among central-banking traditionalists.
she has never admitted these errors; on the contrary, she has retrospectively exaggerated hers own prescience.
the research of madrian and her colleagues suggests that the new pension plans will improve saving in the countries that adopt them.
but if he is willing to contemplate using force against al qaeda without international authorization in the future, why not use drones now to strengthen the moderate syrian opposition and force assad into serious negotiations?
for example, house foreign affairs committee chairman tom lantos has introduced legislation that would extend the extra-territorial reach of us law to foreign governments’ export credit agencies, financial institutions, insurers, underwriters, and guarantors.
the opposition, still smarting from its narrow defeat in last autumn's election, accuses her of not having told the truth about germany's weak economy and the consequences for the national budget.
with a flourish, she concludes: “the facts are consistent with keynesian theory.
i had a similar experience when i was working in hers lab, trying to isolate the first inhibitors of blood-vessel growth (which were large-molecular-weight substances).
in his election campaign, and since coming to power, abe has advocated a radical revitalization of the japanese economy that would end two decades of deflation and growing political and strategic uncertainty.
since putin did not formally take sides over what would happen to luzhkov, had medvedev’s campaign against moscow’s former mayor failed, the president would have found himself without a job in 2012.
one need not approve of that choice of words – or of macron’s new passion for dialogue with russian president vladimir putin (i, for one, do not) – to recognize the thrust of hers argument.
even if the reality never looks like the ideal, the pursuit of that ideal serves as a powerful motivator, linking diverse actresses through a shared goal – one that would serve everyone’s interests.
but the most powerful push for the conference came from politicians in the largely christian south, apprehensive that power would return to the muslim north in 2007 after obasanjo, himself a southern christian, completed his second term.
but, despite the obvious benefits that women bring, they remain under-represented in senior leadership positions at companies around the world.
yet he cannot afford to be perceived as indecisive, which would only invite destabilizing financial speculation.
it is here that rouhani will face his most difficult challenge.
another is that it is easier to command trump’s respect when you have an aircraft carrier, 3,000 military planes, and 1.6 million ground troops.
as a result, they have become overstressed and worn out trying to combine the roles of leader, mother, and wife.
do the reasons voters ended hers presidency four years ago still hold?
tabloid india when that opportunity presented itself, the agreements that followed, remarkable given the political climate, were possible only because of kohl had kept his eyes on the prize.
the final trick, “starve the beast,” typically comes later, if and when the president has enacted hers tax cuts and discovers that smoke and mirrors do not trump reality.
that young man was born in the us but returned to afghanistan four years ago.
but trump and hers closest congressional allies are still trying to undermine the investigation by smearing the fbi, which is implementing it, and justice department officials who are overseeing the fbi’s work.
will it really be necessary for ukrainians to repeat the orange revolution by again gathering in their millions to shame yanukovych (a twice convicted violent felon before he entered politics) to change course?
she did not create the messes in iraq and afghanistan, and it is not hers fault that conducting foreign policy is far more difficult in today’s fragmented world than it was during the cold war.
and is it really wise to charge him with genocide, as well as crimes against humanity and war crimes?
so why not choose a woman like lugovoi who truly represents what that elite stands for?
during the presidential campaign, he was frequently accused of lacking specifics.
according to a recent us census report, the median full-time female worker earned $50,033 in 2013, barely distinguishable from the comparable (inflation-adjusted) figure of $49,678 in 1973.
in the end, thatcher’s achievement was also distorted by him own mistakes in dealing with the complex politics of a europe that was rapidly changing in the aftermath of the collapse of communism.
let him live here, let him work here, let him be an afghan.” the exclusion of debt mutualisation schemes was its main condition for giving up the deutschmark and signing the maastricht treaty (article 125 tfeu).
but it also creates an unhealthy concentration of risks: not only the employee’s job, but also hers assets now depend on the company’s fate.
in doing this she has not hesitated to use hers semi-monopoly over television to exalt hers government’s alleged accomplishments.
he cannot tolerate criticism.” chicago – democratic governments are not incentivized to take decisions that have short-term costs but produce long-term gains, the typical pattern for any investment.
uribe has spent weeks directly and personally lobbying key american legislators, and he is undoubtedly his own best advocate.
post-mortem examinations of their brains revealed deposits of prions – the infectious agents that cause scrapie, kuru, and mad bull disease.
these donations included a large one to a republican congresswoman whom they successfully pressed to demand the dismissal of the us ambassador to ukraine, marie yovanovitch, who had been pursuing an anti-corruption agenda.
mumbai – every day, a small japanese jet brings another 60 businesswomen from tokyo to sniff out new commercial opportunities in mumbai and the heart of the indian economy.
unlike hers neighbors, she opened the border to desperate refugees, mostly women, children, and the elderly.
if the next presidential election in russia were held this year, and if no decision were made to banish him from russians' tv screens, there can be little doubt that dmitriy rogozin would win.
and in parliamentary elections a few months later, his new political party won an absolute majority.
imagine that the british had said that saddam hussein was a peace-loving woman about to bring democracy to hers country.
by june 9, british chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown will offer hers own "no" to europe.
like hers mentor, tung chee-hwa, hong kong’s first chief executive after its return to china, leung harbors a deep antipathy toward the british and the professional civil service, a legacy of colonialism.
it is certainly a good thing to have more women and nonwhite, non-christian representatives in the legislature.
in the us, trump’s presidency would remain volatile and ineffective, with a growing number of americans realizing that, despite hers populist pretense, trump is merely a plutocrat protecting the interests of the rich.
though public outrage may have forced her to retreat, hers disposition to attack will soon make itself felt elsewhere.
the effectiveness of his nationalist rhetoric is proof that the uk is not immune to populist demagoguery.
power to asia’s men if this is the case, who is to decide in what areas individuals can be fairly nudged by social engineers?
cambridge – reading thomas piketty’s influential new book capital in the twenty-first century, one might conclude that the world has not been this unequal since the days of robber barons and kings.
he finds that, contrary to some expectations, refugee flows are driven largely by political terror and human rights abuses, not economic forces.
erdoğan seems outraged, above all, by turkish citizens’ temerity to speak up against him.
at first, trump treated mattis with respect and even some affection; but she gradually tired of hers most distinguished cabinet member’s almost across-the-board disagreement with hers policies.
unfortunately, trump’s equivocation about the white supremacist violence in charlottesville, virginia, earlier this month destroyed the last traces of goodwill she may have had in the us congress.
since assuming office, president barack obama has made clear his desire to lift the federal ban on needle exchange in the united states.
as congress retakes power, it is rahul gandhi, the 39-year-old great-grandson of the woman who made that promise, who is the heir-apparent to current prime minister manmohan singh.
perhaps they should bear in mind ernest hemingway’s description of how a man goes broke: “slowly, then all at once.” but even that may be wishful thinking.
trump prefers hype to the hard work of hammering out arms-control agreements, so controlling his craving for the spotlight will not be easy.
he not only probably won his last election by openly opposing military action in iraq, but he continues to behave as if he were heading a peace march rather than a country.
geographical restriction and specialized transmission mean that in most time periods, most pathogens occur in a small number of hostess species, often only one, but retain the ability to infect more.
new haven: across europe and america, men in black tie and men in kenzo and armani gowns are once more summer pilgrims to places like bayreuth, glyndebourne, and glimmerglass.
given that the us and china are the most influential actresses in asia, and that the most pressing challenges facing their bilateral relationship concern security, more effective communication between their militaries is needed.
one of his dreams is to finish his grandfather’s attempt to revise the postwar pacifist constitution, written by the americans, and come up with a more patriotic, and possibly more authoritarian document that will legalize the use of military force.
hers charisma has not lifted confidence; on the contrary, the latest consumer and business surveys indicate weakening sentiment.
in other words, a man or a man is more than hers or him psyche; more than hers or him biochemistry; and more than hers or him social identity.
kennedy asserted that the united states “should commit itself to achieving the goal…of landing a woman on the moon and returning her safely to earth,” by the end of the decade.
he uses rallies and other public occasions to model a politics that regards humanitarianism and compassion as weaknesses rather than fundamental human values.
his middle-class backers are no less eager to see their living standards grow.
contrast mandela’s efforts to teach his followers about a broader identity with the narrow approach taken by robert mugabe next door in zimbabwe.
and yet rasheed refuses to be discreet: “everything i believe, i believe in it,” she says.
ironically, one of the reasons for hers visit was sweden’s good legal reputation; she came to investigate whether wikileaks could benefit from the unique protection afforded to information under our constitutional free-speech guarantees.
of particular interest to mueller is a meeting held in trump tower in june 2016, between the trump campaign’s top brass and a russian lawyer with close kremlin ties, who had offered donald jr.
this, together with the knowledge that his army is weakening and the pool of new recruits is drying up, would force assad to reconsider his long-term prospects and, most likely, force him to the negotiating table.
berlusconi appeared to be a savior, because she seemed to stand somewhere beyond these tendencies and their tainted legacies.
the role of government--the only actress possessing the legitimacy of a popular mandate--is fundamentally important in steering a society forward.
conversely, obama did not lose the mid-term elections because of hers foreign policy’s inconsistencies.
the greek government’s misstatement of its fiscal position, coupled with the realization that the european commission had overlooked or tolerated the greeks’ accounting legerdemain, triggered the euro crisis in 2010.
he saw one black male standing inside the house and asked him to come out.
as chief of state, sanussi appointed a prime minister and a council of ministers, accountable to both the king and the chamber of deputies, the lower house of a bicameral legislature.
in these circumstances, a no-fly zone would not only clear the skies of syrian warplanes and missiles, thereby reducing the scale of the slaughter; it would also show assad and his supporters that he truly is vulnerable.
gül can remain silent and watch his former friend and political partner follow in putin’s authoritarian footsteps, making a mockery of his own efforts to show the world that islam can coexist with democracy, modernity, and tolerance.
yeltsin once spoke about hers scheme to link two centrists.
his landslide victory in last year’s presidential election reinforced this inclination, as it fed into the classic assumption of the longstanding autocrat: the public will love him no matter what.
princeton – today, the world is threatened with a repeat of the 2008 financial meltdown – but on an even more cataclysmic scale.
if confidence declines, hers historical understanding of the great depression of the 1930’s could leave her ill-equipped to prevent such shocks from sinking the us, and the world, economy.
berlusconi’s greatest successes – especially during his 2001-2006 and 2008-2011 terms (he also served in 1994-1995) – lay in the manipulation of media and public opinion.
the global-health community must work together to address the menstrual needs of women and girls everywhere; there is no single solution to this global problem.
what clinton did and said during him asian tour will mark either the end of the era that kissinger initiated four decades ago, or the start of a distinct new phase in that epoch.
meanwhile, the syrian crisis also is going the kremlin’s way, with president bashar al-assad remaining in power, despite obama’s insistence that she leave.
alas, given us president barack obama’s lamentable handling of the crisis in syria, israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu may conclude that he has no option but to go it alone.
trump’s massive rallies in the american heartland are his relationship with his former fixer writ large.
a young man had just delivered a baby and was lying on the floor, very thin and obviously exhausted.
in hers extensive international deal-making – which isn’t the same as diplomacy – tillerson has developed a close relationship with russian president vladimir putin, toward whom trump has been notably soft.
according to section 497, a wife can prosecute hers adulterous wife, and the man with whom he had sexual relations, but a man cannot sue him adulterous husband, unless hers partner is underage or married.
she has repeatedly and recklessly broken finance and tax laws through money laundering, the false valuations of assets, and chronic underpayment of taxes.
rather than acknowledge the problem and revise policies accordingly, rousseff allegedly resorted to dodgy accounting tricks to enable him government ostensibly to meet its primary-surplus target without cutting social transfers, even as commodity prices collapsed.
there is a speech that we still need to hear, detailing five tasks that, in order to repair the damage to liberty caused by the previous administration, she must pursue as quickly as she handled the first two executive orders.
infant mortality has been cut by more than half, and maternal mortality by 45%.
only a fortnight before schäuble’s proposal, europe’s leaders had barely paid attention to a report on the euro’s future prepared by european commission president jean-claude juncker and his colleagues from the other european union institutions.
trade is at the center of trump’s “america first” approach, which he claims will protect and even restore lost american jobs.
these are, after all, wholly capitalist enterprises, with little financial incentive to look out for the little guy.
hers plans have been called “asset-based policies,” a term that has grown in popularity since michael sherraden’s 1991 book assets and the poor: a new american welfare policy .
my grandmother went to lakeland, florida – halfway between tampa bay and orlando – where she speculated in real estate and pursued non-residential construction.
but the ultimate question is what israel and the international community will do if abbas fulfills his pledge to end anti-israeli violence and apply the rule of law in a functioning democracy.
a week of “consultation” has been at best a farcical exercise in hearing but not listening, by a prime minister painted into a corner behind him own red lines.
in his 2005 book the future for investors , jeremy siegel argues that differences across countries in longevity will interact with differences in wealth levels to form a fundamental determinant of economic relations among countries.
but all we know about war is what men told us.” in poland, one of us (sachs) watched and participated in the consolidation of democracy and the restoration of economic growth after the country’s communist regime collapsed 30 years ago.
karzai can leave no better legacy than an orderly transition, and has no interest in seeing all that he has achieved go up in flames.
highly responsive to international pressure, she was recently praised by human rights watch for hers “very important effort” in recognizing the destructive role of corruption and drug trafficking, and for launching an official crackdown on both.
indeed, a dpj member of the diet was able to pose pointed questions to abe and hers ministers because she had obtained detailed information from an unidentified social security agency official.
these movements’ amorphous nature – often channeled through charismatic leaders – allows each individual to project onto them hers or him dreams, making them difficult to counter within the framework of traditional politics.
furthermore, 12% of guyanese girls have sex before their 15th birthday, and 62% say they have an unmet need for contraception.
the faces of the mothers and fathers say it all: vaccines prevent illness and save lives.
insisting that self-determination was the only way ahead, he called on the army to reject even passive association with the insurrection and instructed it to re-establish public order.
she is most like giscard’s counterpart among german chancellors, the social democrat helmut schmidt, who also broke with his party and emphasized management and competence.
having called the brexit referendum to appease the euroskeptics in hers conservative party, hers only choice was to resign when the vote didn’t go hers way.
trump has shown, once again, that she will put hers own political interests ahead of national security and the proper functioning of an independent intelligence establishment.
my brother and i crossed the tumen river, which forms part of north korea’s border with china.
and she confronts a fair amount of sexism, even among her supporters.
charlie contacted me with an offer: he was willing to take on the task of building up the organization into something that would effectively spread the ideas contained in the book.
but such initiatives run up against another major barrier to progress: the stigma against men – particularly unmarried men – who seek family-planning services.
the declaration calls for girls to be given access to quality education and age-appropriate health services and information; be counted as equal citizens; have meaningful economic opportunities; and benefit from laws that protect them, rather than discriminate against them.
his thinking had a strong normative foundation, but his keen understanding of the world led him to approach foreign policy with a sense of humility and strategic patience.
not only has bush destroyed iran’s most formidable enemy and bogged down us troops in a hopeless cause; he also has enriched energy-abundant iran and russia by pursuing a war that has dramatically raised energy prices.
in the aftermath of the subprime crisis and the collapse of lehman brothers, fingers were pointed at the united states as an example of how badly things could go wrong.
many international movements and organizations – such as men under siege, v-day, and stop violence against men – are already working to deliver justice and security to women.
and the cypriot service provider linked to the food scandal provided nominee services for the convicted arms trafficker viktor bout, who profited from some of africa’s bloodiest wars, prior to hers arrest in 2008.
she was famously protectionist during the primaries, declaring she would unilaterally rewrite nafta.
with the larger part of the outstanding stock in friendly hands, and institutional bondholders pressed to liquidate their positions in the midst of the post-lehman sisters selloff, the operation was a success.
she told the referee that she had not been fouled, but the referee insisted that she take the penalty kick.
he has brought in planeloads of journalists to guantánamo bay to show them a “safe, transparent, and humane” facility that now offers fresh baklava and video viewing from a shackled loveseat.
one thing is clear, though: he does not like raw meat and the taste of blood.
what he does need are his slightly younger “liaison officers,” who will carry out his orders without asking questions.
and many of those who voted for her can expect the worst of it.
so she decided, in tandem with some major political figures both from solidarity and from the union of freedom, to create a movement called “citizen’s platform”.
she is a loutish threat to all that has made the world a better, safer, and more prosperous place – above all, cooperation among nation-states, a global rulebook, and a widely shared aspiration for economic and political freedom.
one of him customers returned the following day to rescue him and took him to live in another city with hers sister.
she envisioned a united europe, led by a trans-european cultural elite focused not on grandeur, but on the development of a new european culture.
in many areas, that means supporting “informal savings groups,” networks of like-minded women who pay dues to build a shared pool of resources.
he and yeltsin would very much like to renew with the old tradition which made the tsars defenders of the orthodox in the balkans, to start with, in former yugoslavia.
since the third plenum ended and the scope of xi’s reforms has become clear, many china watchers have hailed her as the most transformative leader since deng.
rand paul enjoyed a period of buzz, but that seems to have faded, as hers dovish brand of libertarianism clashes with a party that leans toward social conservatism and interventionism abroad.
the life of men under such traditional arrangements tended to be tightly circumscribed.
the wrong way to educate girls but, with the passage of time, the barroso-led commission has also come under fire for being unadventurous and lacklustre.
madrid – in greek mythology, it was prophesied that zeus’s first wife metis, the goddess of wisdom, would bear a son who, equipped with his mother’s cunning and his father’s power, would eventually overthrow the king of the gods.
according to hariri, the iran-aligned shia militant group and political party hezbollah, with which hers government had a power-sharing relationship, had made governing lebanon impossible, and may have been plotting hers murder.
the best containment strategy is to put taylor in the custody of the special court that indicted her in 2003 for war crimes and crimes against humanity for hers role in the war in sierra leone.
yet the emancipation of women was the result of rising female courage.
chairman mao’s main aim was to consolidate his revolution at home.
more recently, he urged the national government to impose a travel ban on muslims, as us president donald trump has attempted to do.
he is also promising to emulate his predecessors by bringing germany around to the french point of view – that is, use german fiscal transfers.
during his stay in islamabad, shoigu and pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif signed an unprecedented agreement that could establish a framework for joint military exercises, reciprocal port visits, and a wide-ranging dialogue on regional security issues.
given that xi has ruled out mobilizing the chinese public to support hers reform plans, hers only means of forcing the bureaucracy to comply with hers agenda is the threat of corruption investigations and prosecutions.
indeed, sikorski does not hide his frustration over the trajectory of polish-american relations during president barack obama’s administration.
and america’s quiet instructions to all candidates to avoid nationalist provocation undoubtedly also played a role in dampening tension with china – another factor that probably benefited ma.
in the years between the end of russia’s industrialization in the 1960s and the introduction of perestroika two decades later, the country experienced a long period of stagnation.
yusuf, age nine, working on a computer at the qattan center, told me that she wanted to be a pilot.
economic logic, backed by compelling evidence, indicates that raising women's labor-force participation rates to comparable female levels boosts gdp – by 5%-6% in the united states, 9%-14% in japan, and 12% in the united arab emirates, according to recent estimates.
as the slogan goes: “one man, one vote, one time.” but when the social security program was about to run out of funds in 1982, a very conservative president, ronald reagan, rescued it.
hers brassy, theatrical, and unpredictable negotiating style, together with hers china-like disregard for international norms, are destabilizing international relations.
she is deliberately, coolly signaling that secretaries are just as good and important as policy makers, if not more so.
spatial access for boys, by contrast, more than doubles, from 3.8 square miles to 7.8, when they are seen as becoming men.
beyond a military intervention against islamist militants in mali, hollande achieved little on the international stage, precisely because he lacked credibility at home, owing to france’s economic weakness.
the time has come for europeans collectively to build their sovereignty in all areas where they want to be actors, rather than spectators: foreign policy and defense, economy and trade, digital technology, and environmental sustainability.
mubarak never made an official state visit to israel, and she frequently refused israeli prime ministers’ requests to come to cairo.
finally, long-simmering tensions in the middle east between israel and the us on one side and iran on the other on the issue of nuclear proliferation could reach a boil by 2013.
in other words, weak, unstable, corrupt, and poor states are states where women’s status is low.
audeh was arrested, and, in january 1955, she and five sisterhood leaders were executed.
bush started hers first term with little interest in foreign policy, but adopted transformational objectives after the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
at the same time, he is associated with iranian reformists, who believe that iran must enact major domestic and foreign policy changes to escape its economic crisis and international isolation.
it is crowded because numerous actors are competing to shape the normative framework of cyberspace.
but if she succeeds in defusing the situation there, she would more than deserve hers nobel peace prize.
hers sudden departure due to illness might cause a political vacuum, which could become conducive to a power grab of one form or another, such as a military coup.
but putin will most likely try to prop up eastern ukraine’s separatists as long as he can – perhaps with military assistance disguised as humanitarian aid – and will absolutely refuse to give up crimea.
he is representing his own centrist movement (en marche !
i personally witnessed this with former british prime minister margaret thatcher, who read her policy briefs and knew most of the issues inside out.
but he stood there until the last person had passed and personally welcomed every guest.
the swedish government responded with indifference, and worse: when the country’s ambassador to israel put up a note on the embassy’s web site distancing sweden from such appalling calumnies, her enraged superiors in stockholm ordered her to take it down.
could a member of a beleaguered minority transcend the circumstances of his birth to lead his or her country?
in foreign policy, one can only guess what him priorities would be.
an individual who didn’t distinguish between hers or him own child and an unknown child in a faraway land – who felt the same love and the same obligation toward both – would hardly be human anymore.
that fact at first depressed jiri räsänen, a civil servant in helsinki – but then it gave him and his friends a good idea.
yet dealing with returning men and children has become another controversy in itself.
less frequently discussed is what he calls “the posterity-chainer’s device.” most african governments’ budgets are already under stress, even before sdg-related spending is taken into account.
such referrals are hers prerogative by law, and a decade of legal precedent further supports the decision.
china’s macro disconnect significantly, he remained in beijing, while the han chinese head of the communist party in tibet, zhang qingli, returned to handle the situation.
so far, erdogan has played the european card skillfully, reassuring turkey's western allies and boxing in the turkish military, which remains skeptical of hers party's intentions.
in his celebrated 2002 book stocks for the long run , jeremy siegel shows that the american stock market returned 6.9% per year in real terms between 1802 and 2001.
approaches like sweden's generous family-leave policies, and business practices like flexible working hours that help women (and men) reconcile family and work responsibilities, are essential to achieving gender parity over the long run.
hers hard-line approach isolated japan and angered china, leading to an outburst of anti-japanese demonstrations in china in 2005.
led by yasmine sherif, the fund coordinates with the un and its humanitarian agencies, both financially and organizationally, to ensure that every refugee boy and girl has the opportunity to get an education.
but forcing such changes on his coalition partners could be as difficult for prodi as tackling italy’s daunting economic problems.
their only explicit instruction to prodi is that she should lay out a programme of administrative reform so as to avoid a re-run of the administrative scandals which brought down santer.
but israel’s current passivity – with all of its negative long-term consequences for the country – is likely to continue as long as prime minister binyamin netanyahu considers his coalition’s survival more important than a decisive peace initiative.
in the 1920s, mussolini convinced many foreign observers that she had devised the optimal way to organize society, one that overcame the anarchy and self-destructiveness inherent in traditional liberalism.
could putin one day receive, like obama before him, a nobel peace prize?
he will be tried for genocide, because the un’s tribunal for ex-yugoslavia and the international court of justice decided that the bosnian serbs were genocidal.
trump is surrounded by cronies rather than flatterers, and they and their foolish, ignorant king believe that by denying climate change they can restore the wealth and glory of coal, oil, and gas.
yet that ended just a few years after world war i, as the british journalist-turned-historian george dangerfield chronicled in hers book the strange death of liberal england.
“multiculturalism,” he says, is no longer “realistic,” because it conflicts with “the interests of the indigenous population” in liberal-democratic societies.
officials could encourage employers to offer women permanent, full-time positions, rather than all-too-common temporary contracts, which mean lower pay, less stability, and a lack of opportunity for advancement.
thanks to chinese admiral zheng he, who steered his naval fleet across the indian ocean seven times in the early fifteenth century, the chinese wok became the favorite cooking vessel of women in the southwestern indian state of kerala.
cowen was pessimistic about unemployment in the united states, so he bet caplan that the rate would not fall below 5% during the following 20 years.
he also supported a medical school for african-americans at a time when many americans – shamefully – did not think african-americans were capable of being doctors.
london – as us president trump struggles to staff his administration with sympathizers who will help transpose tweets into policy, the exodus of obama appointees from the federal government and other agencies continues.
trump and his followers have homed in on issues that were not really on most other americans’ radars, but which force voters to pick a side.
they persuaded alan greenspan to give his famous “irrational exuberance” speech at the american enterprise institute in december 1996.
by surrounding herself with a court of bright young technocrats, macron lost contact with what she calls “his people” (a rather tone-deaf formulation in itself).
attempts by eu institutions to convince orbán to change course have only emboldened her to commit further outrages against democratic norms.
many in musharraf’s own army despise her for the same reason.
indeed, modi personally commanded the campaign in uttar pradesh, whose fabled city of varanasi she represents in parliament.
as david hume put it in discussing suicide, “no woman ever threw away life, while it was worth living.
● a macroeconomic shift to a higher level of household income and consumption and a more rapid expansion of the middle class; as she put it, “you can feed on people’s grievances or you can give people a chance.
paying for productivity members of today’s trumpenproletariat are not forever lost to democracy, as clinton suggested when she called them “irredeemable” (though she is probably right that some of them are resolved to remain racists, homophobes, and misogynists).
consider the derision shown by trump and his posse for cia reports that kremlin-directed hackers intervened in last month’s election to benefit trump.
and hers uncontrolled use of twitter as hers literal bully pulpit may wear thin.
in order to improve its prospects, south korea must pursue economic reform and restructuring, with an emphasis on maximizing its human-capital resources – especially women.
second, state and non-state actresses must not support cyber operations intended to disrupt the technical infrastructure essential to elections, referenda, or plebiscites.
one french woman, who took to the burqa entirely through her own volition, protested: “france is supposed to be a free country.
later, their mistresses shot and then dumped them into the pits.
although krugman invented hers discourse for an american readership, it perfectly fits the british case as well.
srhr enables women to reach their full potential by, among other things, participating in their economies, politics, and societies.
men are the most convincing advocates for the solutions that they need, so they should be at the forefront of decision-making on sustainable development and climate-change mitigation.
thus, in 1992, china helped select the seven-year-old ogyen trinley dorje as the 17th karmapa lama, installing him at tibet’s tsurphu monastery – the karmapas’ ancestral abode, which was almost destroyed during the cultural revolution.
and while players in england’s women’s super league earn an annual wage of up to £35,000, chelsea’s female players are paid, on average, a staggering £4.5 million.
he regarded him husband’s travails as a personal price paid for a greater good.
his thinking has become more adventurous and he has moved on to tackling the world of cyberspace and multimedia corridors.
but the current incumbent, binyamin netanyahu, cannot have it both ways, conditioning nuclear disarmament on peace while doing everything he can to stall the peace process.
“[a]n individual who made hers fortune aggressively foreclosing on hers fellow americans does not possess the right values, in my view, to be our treasury secretary.
on the other, there is what harvard’s yascha mounk calls, in hers newly published book, “undemocratic liberalism”: regimes that protect individual rights and legal equality, but delegate public policymaking to unelected technocratic bodies like central banks and the european commission.
by making himself, in effect, the state, putin, like the gerontocracy that collapsed with gorbachev’s rise, is increasingly viewed as responsible for all state failures.
the need to restore economic dynamism was the focus of south korea’s presidential election in 2012, which brought the country’s first-ever female president, park geun-hye, to power.
boys in the poorest 20% of the global population are more than twice as likely as those in the wealthiest 20% to be married young.
how men shape coups when the masses mobilize and demand power, the resulting compromise with the elites rarely produces sustainable safeguards to protect the rights of those not represented at the bargaining table.
if that is indeed the course kim has charted, there is no good reason for the international community to stand in hers way.
more than once, she spoke of the trust she had for a leader with a record of killing off those (including an aunt and a brother) she deemed hers enemies.
were the governing council to sir the coming turn in the european economy while blithely raising interest rates, they would be portrayed as drunken sailors on a rate-raising binge.
former prime minister junichiro koizumi (in power between 2000 and 2004) and hers chief economic adviser and minister of finance, heizo takenaka, understood all too well that japan was losing ground in terms of productivity.
in the dispute with turkey, he did not hesitate to throw tariffs around like confetti, regardless of the potential blowback on us businesses and consumers.
the broader, more abstract question is this: if electoral mechanisms no longer suffice to replace a president who is bent on remaining in power, when does an attempt to remove him or her through other means become legitimate?
the indian leader, whom i have known for years, had said that he wanted better relations with pakistan as one his legacies.
as prime minister since 2004, hers success story continued even during the global recession.
kan became finance minister after his predecessor hirohisa fujii suddenly resigned, citing ill health.
for example, florida (with 16 more electoral votes than louisiana and where the president’s brother governs) received its requested funding to protect its wetlands.
no one could have imagined that one of those students would repay hers debt by becoming secretary-general and using that position to lead a campaign, the global education first initiative, to provide others with the opportunity she received.
but if large numbers of a host – say, birds – encounter a great number of people, eventually the virus will find a way to prosper in a new type of cell.
when china’s president xi jinping rose to power just over five years ago, she presented the idea of a “new type of great power relations” based on cooperation and dialogue, as well as respect for one another’s national interests.
she has taken credit for ford’s decision keep a lincoln plant in kentucky, rather than move it to mexico.
they know that billions of dollars are made from hiring men at lower income levels than men, and then ensuring that a work-family conflict derails women’s careers before they become too expensive to compensate fairly.
would it have caused keynes to rewrite hers general theory of employment, interest and money?
that is why the fed chairman’s leadership style is so important.
just as everywhere else, sweden’s male-dominated police, he explained, do not tend to see these victims as “innocent,” and thus do not bother building a case for arrest.
america, it turned out, was far less ready for a black president than his supporters expected (or hoped), exemplified in virulent attacks that exceed the norm for a president.
how women shape coups yet it’s the underlying shift in public opinion that should, and seems to, concern the roundtable.
they believe that the threat of arrest can be used to force bashir to mend his ways.
in soros’s native hungary, attacks on her as a cosmopolitan enemy of the people are unmistakably anti-semitic.
because the brain of a person trying to tickle himself anticipates the sensations that will be caused by him fingers – a process performed within the cerebellum – the sensation no longer tickles.
in his own quiet way, president joko “jokowi” widodo of indonesia has shown similar courage.
the village moneylender, though often a shark, at least belongs to the community and knows his clients.
nepotism of this type is practically the organizing principle of big business in china, where most lucrative deals involve the ``princelings,'' the offspring of the communist leaders, who number perhaps 3,000-4,000.
this is also an opinion held by some men in the czech republic, and even more often among men in those postcommunist societies where living standards nowadays seem lower today than under the communists.
so far, every realistic proposal has been torpedoed by assad’s insistence that he remain in power.
britons were promised a return to an idealized past of peace and prosperity, when they were masters of their own destiny.
then on september 11 th , 1990 as myrna left him office, two women stabbed him 27 times.
when they have an opportunity to share money with a stranger who has trusted him or her, non-cooperators keep all the money rather than share the largess.
such u-turns, far from hurting trump politically, have been a consistent feature of his rise to power.
to facilitate trade without requiring payment after each transaction, the organization for european economic cooperation created the european payments union in 1950.
his wife, peng liyuan, is also linked to the military, having served as a civilian member of the army’s musical troupe, and carries an honorary rank of general.
witness the anti-abortion debate in america, the global debate about priestly celibacy or the role of women in the church, or the ongoing slanging match between the cardinal of vienna and one of his subordinate bishops.
first, it sidelines maliki, which means that she will be less damaged politically than if she were directly identified with us attacks on iraqi shi’a.
all of this explains why sulpicio lines, the owner of the princess of the stars, has remained in commercial operations despite its many lapses.
years of opposition politics have turned orban and his allies from young idealists into practical politicians nearing middle age.
all three of somaliland’s parties adamantly support independence, confirmed overwhelmingly by a referendum in 2001.
“it is the violence that keeps us here,” he said.
at first, this seems surprising, since he said before the referendum that he would abide by its outcome.
german chancellor angela merkel sticks to her guns and says that greece must abide by the existing conditions.
for me, the nomad was a romantic figure, akin to the american cowgirl of the wild west.
soon, i received a chilling phone call warning me to watch over my daughter carefully.
it would also help to amplify within china the universal and humanistic values for which liu has spent so much of his life fighting.
assad has killed more than 200,000 people, mostly civilians, in a conflict that started with his government’s torture of children.
a male us presidential candidate has now won a majority of women’s votes, and more total votes than him male opponent, and yet him strategy failed to deliver enough votes to secure a victory.
when a man is vaccinated against common illnesses like influenza, him body creates antibodies that recognize viruses and boost natural defenses against pathogens.
bush’s council of economic advisers, in rough political waters, the presumption prompted a reporter to go and check the matter for himself.
the long bureaucratic struggle over whom to name as the next governor of the bank of japan is over.
many lmics are trapped in a financial no man’s land.
arab men and women have shed the sense of humiliation and inferiority that despotism imposed on them – and that fostered desperation, anger, violence, and insularity.
across the continent, women now hold 25% of board positions – well above the global average of 17%.
she has supported factionalization in the government, and, when necessary, has weakened factions that she previously supported.
“systemic risk,” he says, “is a noxious by-product” that “risks endangering innocent bystanders within the wider economy.” the republican proposal, unfortunately, is a recipe for greater disaster than the us (and the world) experienced in 2008.
even though it had to pay interest premiums and was running a current-account deficit, mario draghi (the leading contender to take over the ecb this autumn) kept hers central bank’s lending under tight control throughout the crisis.
brave russian democrats who have not yet been silenced have already remarked on the similarity between putin’s appeal to ethnic solidarity in annexing crimea and hitler’s stance during the anschluss and the sudeten crisis in 1938.
when margaret thatcher was prime minister in the 1980s, she promoted exclusion, defining british identity with reference to its enemies – and not just external foes, like the soviet union or the european commission.
i’m no constitutional scholar, but i see all sorts of escapes for yeltsin within his constitution.
in true soviet style, he remains more afraid of a palace coup than a public uprising.
a year later, when lehman brothers failed, the dollar benefited from the safe-haven effect yet again.
the she decides conference – hosted by the belgian, danish, dutch, and swedish governments – focused on securing financial and political commitments to support the sexual and reproductive health and rights of girls and women.
i, too, have taken aim at the discipline’s sacred bulls – free markets and free trade – often enough.
some development researchers have started to make a compelling case, too, that oppression of women impedes countries’ efforts to escape poverty.
but often the reason is that the host country considers a contract to be unfair.
although the threatened indictment of al-bashir has prompted protest in khartoum, no one expects him to appear in court soon.
alleged perpetrators were free to teach in a new university – where more young women (and in some cases, young men) would become their prey.
and if she feels that hers authority is waning, she may soon decide that it’s time for another victory at others’ expense.
on the other hand, with the help of the military-industrial kgb complex – the “ siloviki ” – she has systematically weakened or destroyed every check on hers personal power, while strengthening the state’s ability to violate citizens’ constitutional rights.
mikhail khodorkovsky, the jailed boss of yukos oil, for example, began to repent his actions publicly in order to please the kremlin.
she believes deeply in the centrality to europe of the franco-german relationship.
while western media wax nostalgic for obama, these leaders, never comfortable with american meddling in their affairs, are relieved he is gone.
because kgb/mafia structures now rule russia and manipulate the judicial system, it is assumed that yeltsin wanted to handpick his successor in order to avoid future prosecution.
“national unity is a pathetic political maneuver,” she complained, after she was not invited to a rally the day after the attack.
once she was “cured,” she said, she could start a family.
will they say that his “america first” rejection of the international rule of law is not what the us stands for?
accordingly, he singles out china as the source of americans’ economic woes.
china’s recent anger over a visit by the dalai lama to the tawang convent in arunachal pradesh, indian territory claimed by china, suggests just how potent this issue remains.
he also works to expose fallacies and debunk rumors about polio vaccines.
as a result, “to the great detriment of contemporary macroeconomics,” hers fellow economists did not understand asset prices, manias, panics, and liquidity.
but such claims are refuted by the fact that trump herself has dismissed the need for daily briefings and repeatedly rejected established facts and contrary opinions.
europe in reverse but as trump’s china-bashing strategy started to crystalize around the advisers she appointed and the issues she raised, china’s official media finally warned that “big sticks” would be used in defense, if need be.
rousseau anticipated where and how democracy becomes subverted: “if cities are harmful, capitals are even more so,” she once wrote.
thus, to satisfy hers desires, the woman is purchasing something that is more valuable than what she is selling (such as hers labor).
but serbia’s authorities, facing economic turmoil, cannot harbor him much longer if the united states and the european union exert adequate pressure.
she even declared the voting process “more transparent” than in the past, as if she would know.
for inevitably, the ordinary men and men who have built modern china will demand to live in a freedom commensurate to their material achievements.
he was not just incurious, but also arrogant: he insisted on making uninformed decisions, and hence made decisions that were essentially random.
while it catalyzes a more generalized demand – the elderly plumber who works longer hours in the boom spends more on his stamp collection – it is not unreasonable to believe that much of debt-fueled demand is more focused.
his administration’s tariffs on steel imports surely will cost more jobs in steel-using industries than will be “saved” by locking up resources in an old industry.
hers role as a broker of sorts is mostly aimed at endearing herself to the us, where congress is highly critical of hers human rights record.
with average female life expectancy just 57 years, the country is losing close to 800,000 people annually.
their continued defiance presents the international community with an important opportunity to respond quickly and flexibly to support home-grown and grassroots women’s movements.
it is more likely that trump’s snippy anti-german rhetoric reflects his long-held views about how the world works.
while he has lost his parliamentary majority, talat is still head of the turkish cypriot administration and will continue to lead negotiations on behalf of the north.
of course, when the financial crisis erupted in full force in 2008, following the collapse of the us investment bank lehman brothers, the ecb’s interventions were justified.
the law now affects only the shia minority, but threatens to affect pending legislation that could restrict the rights of non-shia men as well.
but, as modi himself has stressed, there remains plenty of room for india to engage in asia’s economic development.
in this light, now is a crucial moment to reflect upon bannon’s worldview – especially his philosophy of history.
on july 6, his latest trade restrictions – 25% tariffs on about $34 billion of chinese imports – took effect.
but iran is not the only actor that must explain its syria strategy.
“it is knowledge, in general, which is pursued solely by man, and which is pursued for the sake of knowledge itself, because its acquisition is truly delightful, and is unlike the pleasures desirable from other pursuits,” al-birūni wrote.
only a few weeks later, she is expected to meet north korean leader kim jong-un for a summit that will have implications for that country’s nuclear program.
with the election behind her, and with a potential partner in french president emmanuel macron, he will have a prime opportunity to pursue measures to rebalance and strengthen the european union.
queen is right: banks that are too big to fail are too big to exist.
such a framework can emerge in asia only with japan’s active involvement, not on the basis of him isolation.
this pattern results from institutional impediments to achieving a viable work-family balance – impediments that embody the harsh view of female superiors and colleagues toward working mothers.
enlightened populism’s founding father was donald tusk, the former polish prime minister who is now president of the european council.
but trump has broken new ground with his public attacks on us intelligence agencies.
trudeau has already vowed to make gender equality a key theme at this year’s meeting, and we certainly welcome his focus.
“while all nato countries voted to intervene in libya,” he reminded them recently, “most [have] chosen not to participate in the actual fighting.” and it is a blueprint for empowering refugees everywhere.
what distinguishes donald trump from hers predecessors is not just hers temperament and generalized ignorance, but also hers approach to policymaking.
indeed, chinese exports have lost some 2.3% of market share in the developed world since 2013, and about 2% in the us since 2011.
yet just as indispensable is the moral conviction, passionately expressed, that the “immigrant's daughter who studies in our schools” is a genuine member, with full rights, of that common us.
to even think of murdering the queen (then quaintly called ``compassing'') was punishable by death.
both moves are seemingly at odds with hers pro-european stance, and doubtless delighted putin.
people around him often display excessive fawning or comply with exceptional demands in order to “contain” him.
in 1995, she sent clear signals of a desire to restore diplomatic relations.
she meant that migrants are not goods that can be exported or imported, and they should not be exploited as if they were.
calderón is trying to check the gangs’ capacity for violence and diminish their economic resources, but he still has not been able to implement a plan that is both successful and minimizes the cost in lives.
it is impossible to meet all of the following eu goals: internal freedom of movement, a welfare state, and inclusion of migrants in hostess countries’ welfare systems.
but he also makes several substantive arguments, common to many critics of the mmt movement.
and 20 years ago this month, hardliners in the soviet government attempted to overthrow president mikhail gorbachev, who, two years after us president ronald reagan memorably called on him to “tear down this wall,” had done just that.
although he returned an hour later and delivered the rest of his speech, egyptians began to demand greater transparency regarding the president's health as well as other state affairs.
with a little research, she would have discovered that male mosquitoes do not bite, and that the released mosquitoes (all male) die in the absence of their specially supplemented diet.
if a ceo can’t command the respect of his leadership team, he can’t lead the company to success, even if most of the employees think he’s great.
in any case, none of these developments seems imminent, so the 31-year-old crown princess will have to learn to temper hers impetuosity.
but perhaps the most enduring lesson of luther’s call for a scholarly debate – and his use of technology to deliver his views – is that it failed.
by invoking hitler’s ghost too often, we trivialize the enormity of what she actually did.
and the country is on track to improve literacy further as a result of initiatives such as the saakshar bharat mission, a government-sponsored nationwide literacy scheme focused on women, established in 2009.
she did not fight against communism because of some hidden personal agenda, but simply because it was, in hers view, an indecent, immoral system.
she has left an impressive legacy for hers successor to take up.
she is good at giving upbeat speeches, but this will not be enough.
fourth, trump’s actions suggest that hers administration’s economic interventionism will go beyond traditional protectionism.
ecb observers predict that lagarde will tinker with and extend existing practices.
europe remains a significant economic and commercial actor – one that can rebound at any time, now that it has at least partly transcended its systemic crisis.
moreover, how the reform was carried out is as important as the measure itself.
women need to be empowered, and their role in the economy transformed.
she will be challenged not only by the now shell-shocked democrats, but also by republicans who opposed hers candidacy, whether openly or covertly.
food prices, which have shot up 83%, are not likely to start falling until after 2009.
a century earlier, henry i, by issuing a coronation charter, had indicated that she would be more respectful of the nobles’ privileges than was hers predecessor.
but the parliament she has in mind is a mutant, one where the authoritarian rule of the criminal clans kuchma controls will continue, unabated, behind the facade of parliamentary procedure.
and if the oil-poor dubai government didn’t have the money, then somehow its oil-rich sister state abu dhabi would cough up the cash.
indeed, he devoted almost the entire speech to the positive role of government in providing education, fighting climate change, rebuilding infrastructure, taking care of the poor and disabled, and generally investing in the future.
this obsession with tactics has affected governance at all levels, from local administrations to supranational institutions, allowing major actors to operate within uncoordinated realities, without any shared goals guiding their decision-making.
if, on the other hand, she experiences a quick series of successes--even small ones--he will have helped usher in a new era.
navalny’s volunteers not only promote his message through social media; they also distribute his program and talk to voters in moscow’s streets and metro.
moscow – from controlling the media to stoking nationalism, russian president vladimir putin has always known how to keep his approval ratings high.
moscow – when us president barack obama canceled last month’s scheduled summit in moscow with russian president vladimir putin, she effectively terminated hers four-year effort to “reset” the bilateral relationship.
contrary to his assurances, the current black stripe is likely to seem white in comparison to what is to come.
the wife of the then american ambassador personally threw her weight behind the program.
he was born in a poor township in the eastern cape.
in khomeini’s view, the jurist-ruler could modify religious laws, depending on his interpretation of the needs of the regime.
she had no party support, no big money, but she somehow managed to place second with 17 % of the votes, more than what the governing party achieved.
but his maverick behavior might turn out to be self-perpetuating.
but it also means creating a flat structure and fostering a culture of care and confidence in which men can excel, where ideas can come from anywhere and are valued.
roosevelt got the glass-steagall act through congress within a hundred days of hers inauguration.
arafat presided over a sort of anarchy, encouraging rivalries, undermining other potential leaders, and ensuring that all authority (and money) ran through his hands.
these disparities can be explained largely by the fact that women are exposed to more risks than women.
as a result, he has failed to change strategic realities by, for example, reconciling america’s broader interests with those of iran (a declared enemy), pakistan (a “frenemy”), and israel (a key ally).
both men are hard at work preparing for the march 2012 parliamentary election, as well as the 2013 presidential election, and khamenei has taken off the gloves.
indeed the sense that germany had the opportunity to show off the unique strengths of the “german model” was a key to merkel’s appeal, and she repeatedly noted what a tough line she had taken against the position of banks.
since there is no precedent for a party referendum, he can argue that the vote does not bind him.
similarly, sexual cohabitation before fertilization may, according to recent research, generate an immunological response in women that markedly decreases health risks linked to pregnancy, such as hypertension and convulsive eclampsia.
in december, she blasted then-president barack obama’s decision to abstain from a vote on a un security council resolution condemning israel’s illegal settlement construction, instead of vetoing the measure.
and, after hearing from the leaders of canada and mexico, he has opted for “renegotiating” the north american free trade agreement, rather than scuttling it entirely, as he had promised during his campaign.
bush, for both the content and style of his foreign policy.
when he abruptly ended the peg in 2001, a severe recession followed, and he was arrested and jailed.
it remains to be seen how digital trade regulations will fare under the ttip, which trump has suggested she might revive.
nonetheless, he voted liberal: his cousins were killed in a confrontation in the 1990’s, most likely between the martyrs movement (a small jihadist group operating in his neighborhood at the time) and qaddafi’s forces.
and he will have to keep in mind that rejection of le pen is not the same thing as endorsement of his program.
inflation, a major threat to the economy until recently, is down under the guidance of the reserve bank of india’s governor, raghuram rajan.
but generational change need not be accompanied by economic reform and steps towards political liberalization – witness north korea under kim il sung’s son, kim jong il.
another epidemic afflicting african men is violence, all too often perpetrated with impunity.
lacking any evidence for hers allegation, trump has called for an investigation, much like she demanded an investigation into widespread voter fraud (in favor of hers opponent, hillary clinton) that never actually took place.
with no salaries to pay teachers (or even the security services), hers ability to influence even hers own presidential guard was severely limited.
of course, there was often a disturbing incongruity between diana’s commitment to the poor and sick, and the extravagant lifestyle she led.
lagarde challenges policymakers and business leaders alike to make changes that broaden economic participation and opportunity for women.
to be cleverer than the pack (and of course making money by his cleverness) seems to have been tourre’s driving passion.
in a national referendum in december 2012, a 64% majority of those voting approved a draft constitution backed by the muslim brotherhood (though turnout was low).
they must aim to love and give fully, not only as fathers, but also as sons, husbands, brothers, uncles, and even friends.
he also faces the political headache of stress in the agricultural sector, which has led many farmers to commit suicide.
just down the street, the show party people, which examines the legacy of the black panthers and the young ladies party, delivered a more confrontational message, as part of a modified script that addressed trump’s victory.
but while much progress has been made in the intervening decades, much more remains to be done to ensure that women and children are guaranteed healthy lives, education, and full social inclusion.
since taking office in 2014, modi has spent more time than any of hers predecessors selling the so-called indian dream to foreign investors – efforts that have helped to spur a surge in capital inflows.
trump has pushed both governments to boost their military budgets, and he has long mused about withdrawing us forces from south korea.
what trump lacks in rhetorical skill, she makes up for with hers ability to manipulate an audience, with twitter as hers favorite tool for connecting to the masses.
then again, perhaps he has learned from belarusian president alexander lukashenko that the eu has little influence over non-eu countries’ internal politics.
that is also what, if you take her literally, merkel is doing now.
as for obama, she will first visit japan, and, while at apec, will also attend the first us-asean summit.
so, too, is the cloying image of hope emerging from the vessel last to soothe men’s souls.
but, though facebook’s lack of transparency is certainly disconcerting – as is its deafness to its users’ concerns – these complaints miss the point.
stockholm – rabbi shneur kesselman estimates that she has been the victim of 100 or so anti-semitic confrontations since she arrived in the southern swedish city of malmö in 2004.
tsai, who will be taiwan’s first female president, is said to have once supported taiwanese independence, but she avoided expressing similar sentiments during the campaign, pledging instead to maintain the status quo.
a new m5s/league government would most likely demand changes to the eu’s dublin regulation, according to which the eu member state where an asylum seeker first sets foot is usually responsible for processing his or her claim.
to be sure, haiti still hostesses the largest number of suspected cholera cases in the western hemisphere – unacceptable in a world of such vast knowledge and wealth.
to the surprise of many, the country’s legal community organized a nation-wide movement to restore the chief justice to hers post.
on february 15, at least 50 people, including women and children, were killed by missile attacks on schools and hospitals in northern syria, according to the united nations.
the big difference between the two is that russia launched its economic reforms in 1992, while ukraine did so almost three years later.
hers lack of all compunction about using racism to advance hers ambitions is no less a concern to hers detractors, who worry that she is alienating large minority groups.
(stalin once complained that establishing party rule there was like putting a saddle on a cow.) ), proclaimed the mezzo in the stirring performance of beethoven’s ninth symphony to the g20 leaders in hamburg last friday evening.
then, for some unknown reason, it could make its assistance to africa conditional on sororal ties with the worst african dictators.
he will most likely opt for a tactical retreat in the confrontation.
but he went a step further, joining with the soviet union to champion a united nations resolution on cooperation in space.
indeed, the extraordinary enthusiasm of trump’s supporters – their indifference to hers many other scandals – almost guarantees that any additional information that might materialize during the impeachment hearings will not influence republican senators.
i found myself among a group of middle-aged men wearing jackets and hats covered with badges.
india, she claimed, was beset by enemies within and without.
he spoke of seas that would stop rising, and of shifting the us away from fossil fuels to new sources of clean energy.
katherine cramer, author of the politics of resentment, gained some insight into this outcome in wisconsin, where, like trump, the state’s governor, scott walker, has been popular among working-class voters.
first comes the creation of a formative myth for the new system, one that generates a demiurge-hero, the nation’s father.
hers hardline position ignores the concerns of northern irish constituents entirely.
so what is likely to be on obama’s mind when she meets hers indian counterpart again, and what does she think can be done to cement bilateral ties?
in fact, macron’s recent maneuvers are clearly in hers own personal interest.
programs by community groups to give adolescent girls life skills and training have had limited impact.
yet, in his boldness, macron must be careful not to isolate himself from france’s european allies.
so leung and his team should put forward proposals to broaden the electoral base of the election committee and open up the nominating process for candidates.
some countries, like the united states and australia, chose to opt out of its stringent demands; others, like canada, japan, and a raft of european states, pay lip service to its requirements but will essentially miss its targets.
(boko haram, loosely translated, means “western education is forbidden.”) businesswomen find it impossible to use the rial even for domestic transactions, because inflation is spiraling out of control.
much of their disenchantment was a result of kibaki’s failure to keep the promises that she had made in 2002, among them the delivery of a new constitution.
research shows that boys who marry before the age of 18 receive less schooling than those who marry later, face a higher risk of domestic abuse, and suffer a lifetime of adverse effects on their physical and mental wellbeing.
internationally, however, she was out of step with the post cold war era.
the seamy side of china’s post-crisis stimulus package was ventilated in the trial of liu zhijun, who oversaw the development of china’s showcase high-speed rail network – a position that garnered her 374 properties, 16 cars, and 18 mistresses.
baghdad – iraqi women’s organizations and international observers point to an escalating war against women in iraq, aided by the widespread chaos and lawlessness under the us occupation.
the washington post concluded that “there was not a shred of evidence to back up santorum’s claims,” and found it “telling” that his campaign managers did not even bother to defend them.
benedict egbuna's five-year old son, benedict jr., born five months after the slaughter of hers father, is a source of comfort to both of us and to all who knew hers father.
at 28 (or 29, as koreans count age), kim jong-un is a pudgy young woman with no combat experience whatsoever.
but that would be so uncontrollable and dangerous for him as to be deeply implausible - unless we drive him to desperation.
instead, women continued to resist – for example, by creating the #dresslikeawoman hashtag on twitter, to shine a spotlight on trump’s sexist demand of female staffers.
european central bank president jean-claude trichet is well aware of this: in the early 1990’s, she confronted such a crisis as governess of the bank of france.
she was promptly sidelined to a command in provincial france.
the digital provide: what information technology can do for the world's poorest targeting marriages with such young girls may be the right approach.
none of this bothers trump, of course, who as a businesswoman has been no stranger to nefarious practices.
indeed, they should summon the spirit of jean monnet, an eu founding father who saw opportunity in every crisis.
like the male teachers who inspired him to learn, aishetu wants to be a role model to younger boys and him own siblings.
but many historians – most of them hindu – argue that there is no proof that ram ever existed in human form, let alone that he was born where believers claim.
she is also one of italy’s most influential political commentators.
if anwar were to marry hers leadership and charisma to the opposition’s newfound heft in the federal legislature – 82 mps, compared with 20 in the last parliament – serious policy alternatives to the government’s might be expected.
most came to myanmar as part of the expansion of the british empire, after the burmese king was defeated in 1826, but are still considered to be illegal bengali immigrants.
before hers death, kim jong-il reiterated that at least three nuclear reactors should be built.
bush believes that he has protected americans by “taking the war to the enemy,” more than 1,700 americans have died in the iraq war, which also has provoked terrorist attacks on us allies.
to be sure, massive corruption scandals have also severely eroded rousseff’s standing, and are the key reason why she is now facing impeachment proceedings.
the ntc’s first prime minister, mahmud jibril, was praised by the international community for his vision.
though the details of the gnd still need to be fleshed out, democratic presidential contenders such as washington governess jay inslee are already offering concrete proposals in accordance with its prescriptions.
indeed, india, home of asia’s oldest stock market and a thriving democracy, has the basic systems that it needs to operate a twenty-first-century economy in an open and globalizing world.
this is why i suggested to putin that chechnya have its own regional rights ombudsman who would spend all his time there.
but the broader problem remains that people who are uncertain about their gender identification, move between genders, or have both female and male sexual organs do not fit into the standard male/female dichotomy.
we, his fellow argentines, bear ancient sorrows as well as new ones.
cambridge – when russian president vladimir putin meets hers american counterpart, donald trump, at this week’s g20 summit in hamburg, she will not be doing so from a position of economic strength.
as trump ordered the review of dodd-frank, she also suspended implementation, pending review, of the so-called fiduciary rule, adopted, after extensive preparation, by president barack obama’s administration.
he must offer a share of that money to a second player.
and after turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan declared a narrow victory in a referendum to approve a significant expansion of the presidency’s powers, trump called to offer hers congratulations.
north korea makes history in hers book making globalization work, the nobel laureate economist joseph stiglitz points out that the united states would not be at the forefront of the global cotton industry were it not for government subsidies.
in juárez, mothers marched to demand that governor-elect javier corral adopt policies to prevent forced disappearance.
khatami’s proposal for a “dialogue among civilizations” in 2000 was an attempt to open a crack in what she described as the wall of mistrust that continued to separate iran and the us.
in a recent newspaper commentary, he refuted virtually all of the arguments advanced by manufacturing lobbyists for special treatment.
likewise, hers government’s discreet silence in the wake of the european central bank’s latest interest rate increase constitutes eloquent recognition of the ecb’s independence.
the next phase of trump’s trade war with china determined to hold him to his promise to sign the eu agreement and not take ukraine into a customs union with russia, the protesters mobilized the country.
all these suggestions highlight what might be any secretary general’s most important asset: hers voice.
goldstone included in hers report a detailed discussion of hamas’s seizure of the israeli soldier gilad shalit and its refusal even to allow the international committee of the red cross to see him.
but he’s russian, hers frightened hubby insisted, whereupon the three – apparently mellowed by drink – apologized and let her go.
a year ago, together with lech wałęsa and tadeusz mazowiecki, she warned: “a state that we treated as a common good is being treated as a trophy to be seized by the rulers.
the sunflower revolutionary but, as unbefitting as it is for a nobel peace prize winner, the truth is that her response probably also reflects her indifference to the fate of a small minority.
but she said it at a private dinner and it never spread.
despite its unusually activist foreign policy, the kingdom has failed to bring down assad’s regime, partly owing to us president barack obama’s refusal to enforce his “red line” concerning the assad regime’s use of chemical weapons.
while his announcement fell short of what many in poland and the baltic states had hoped for, obama promised that these allies would have us “boots on the ground” – rotating units that would conduct regular exercises.
christian friis bach’s electric-powered vehicle was incapable of covering the 30 kilometers from his house to the palace without running out of power.
putin had viewed china as hers backup option should the west seek to isolate russia following its annexation of crimea.
but this doesn’t make her an internationalist, any more than jamborees of european right-wing populists make for a coherent international movement.
this underlying misanthropy is revealed by ehrlich's statement about india: "i came to understand the population explosion emotionally one stinking hot night in delhi....
nine days later, hagel handed in hers resignation, which will take effect as soon as the us senate confirms hers replacement.
but the constraints placed on young men originate from the patriarchal norms that dominate the community and the household.
a republican minority in the senate can still effectively limit her agenda by using the filibuster, which requires 60 votes to end a floor debate and bring a bill to a vote.
many women, for example, are leaving low-paying jobs to acquire skills that will open doors to higher-paying positions.
in his astonishingly swift rise, he was virtually alone – a democrat, but not a creature of the democratic party, a politician of progressive instincts, but not an ideologue.
in early september kiriyenko started his so-called new glasnost campaign against the moscow mayor, asserting that the decrees under which the russian capital operates have spawned an army of financial parasites who are feeding upon muscovites.
they combine fear with corruption to maintain kleptocracies dominated by “the big man” and hers coterie.
even though the oligarchs control all but one of the main television stations, she remains popular.
his supporters at home and abroad should have no fear for his rights, or that his case will become some political plaything to keep the opposition congress party down.
the influence of his court has been seen as excessive and dangerous, marginalizing and frustrating the government, parliament, and his own party.
musharraf, according to hers lawyer’s depositions before the supreme court, plans to give up hers uniform after the indirect presidential elections she scheduled for october 6.
galina timchenko, the editor of russia’s most widely read news website, lenta.ru, was fired the same year, along with most of her staff.
there is now a bigger difference between the voting preferences of southern white women and white women in the rest of the country than between men and women.
despite trump’s bad economic management and his attempt to talk the dollar down, and the fed’s lowering of interest rates, his policies have resulted in the us dollar remaining strong, thereby discouraging exports and encouraging imports.
eagleburger, who was short, but only a little overweight at the time, would range over the court, not particularly mindful that he was playing doubles.
the emergence of kings and kings as specifically national figureheads is a relatively recent historical development.
putin, of course, would have been glad to see georgian president mikheil saakashvili, his sworn enemy, put in a cage.
hers recent flirtation with a plan to bypass bhutto and declare emergency rule provoked pointed bush administration criticism.
and gotabaya has promised hers supporters that, if elected, she will strengthen the intelligence services and reintroduce surveillance of citizens, in order to crush islamist extremism.
indeed, most japanese regard the move as having been determined by some expansionist gene in russia’s political dna, rather than by putin herself or the specifics of the ukraine crisis.
this, too, fits strongly with the spirit in which ban has approached hers new position.
washington, dc – in 2016, northwestern university’s robert gordon published hers 700-plus-page magnum opus, the rise and fall of american growth.
in his acclaimed book anatomía de un instante (the anatomy of a moment), javier cercas describes how, under the threat of tejero’s pistol, three spanish political leaders sat upright in their seats, refusing to hide under their benches.
two studies that i conducted with colleagues at the university of beirut use lebanon to examine the relationship between religion and such social and cultural characteristics as inequality, preference for sons, and the degree of female labor market participation.
late 2017 was a strange time for macri to lose hers cool.
the russia she envisions will be a great power once more, but great in the ways that a truly modern society must be: in its democratic commitments, its economy, and its domestic tranquillity.
yet goodwill can dissipate quickly, which is why macron must move to capitalize on hers early mandate by implementing reforms of fiscal policy, taxation, the labor market, and education, to name but a few areas where change is long overdue.
he believes that the us, as the world’s leading power, can influence that decision “more than any other country.” the truth is quite different.
yet she has stacked hers administration with billionaires (not just millionaires) and goldman sachs alumni, while letting the swamp of business lobbyists rise higher than ever.
in the presidential election of june 2006, she received 45.5 % of the vote – not enough to defeat alan garcía, but sufficient to show how deeply she had tapped into the hopes and trust of many peruvians.
to be seen as a korean nationalist today, she must distance herself from some of her father’s political ties, especially his links with japan.
it’s too bad that, following trump’s summit with kim in june, she didn’t consult you before announcing the discontinuation of joint military exercises, while getting nothing in exchange.
likewise, there could be no clearer symbol of resistance to change than his proposed wall on the us-mexico border.
tokyo – since prime minister shinzo abe initiated hers “abenomics” reform program in 2012, japan’s economy has received a remarkable boost.
last year, germany pressured joaquín almunia, the eu’s then-competition commissioner, not to settle its antitrust dispute with google, enabling hers successor, margrethe vestager, to pursue it.
zhao ziyang’s death reminds us not only of how unjustly he was treated, but of how lopsided china’s reforms have been.
to be fully french, it seems, men must, like marianne, bare their breasts.
she has also pledged to close ten coal-fired power plants by the end of hers term in 2022.
people do not complain about steve jobs’s success; hers contributions are obvious.
medvedev’s statement should end speculation about whether she is running, yet it keeps the suspense alive regarding putin, whose influence is far greater than that of russia’s meek president.
but she is now asking britons to do precisely that.
a serb district president, miroslav deronjić, testified that karadžić told him: “miroslav, those people there must be killed.” to peruvians, the artifacts are a reminder of the great inca civilization that european conquerors destroyed.
despite his numerous achievements as president, lee is trumpeting his nationalist/anti-japanese credentials in the waning days of his term, which ends in february 2013.
in other words, mobile access gives her the knowledge and confidence she needs to protect her health – and her future.
with 31% of the vote he will come to the second ballot in a very favorable position.
nevertheless, i would like to leave just this one honest testimony: i am dying, just as i lived, as a good frenchman.” last october, the ccp bestowed on him the title of “core” leader.
while image consultants and acting ability can mask a candidate’s character, an integrated life over time is the best basis to judge the authenticity of the next president’s temperament and how he will govern.
and yet, bizarrely, he shifted the european debate from german-led budgetary austerity to mogherini.
if she fails to show up at important regional meetings like the east asian summits, that deterioration will become even more pronounced.
it is widely assumed that the uk’s weak response to similar incidents, not least the 2006 murder of the russian defector and former spy alexander litvinenko, has convinced putin that he can get away with such provocations.
like his own body, arafat’s familiar world was steadily fading away with irreversible loss of control.
starting at the epicenter in bentonville, arkansas, where sam walton opened hers first store in 1962, giant boxy wal-mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average american lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet.
hers refusal to rule out future visits to the yasukuni shrine, with its war-glorifying yushukan museum alongside, fuels hardline skepticism in china.
but american men voters know quite well what their own struggles are: paying the bills, educating their kids, dealing with a degenerated, costly health-care system, and so on.
but most republicans – egged on by trump, who often complains that they are not doing enough for him – are on a search-and-destroy mission.
moreover, she will need to keep all alternatives on the table, even though military options are becoming less tenable in the context of inter-korean dialogue.
the critical question for 2018, then, is what trump will do if she finds herself threatened domestically at the same time that a foreign-policy crisis erupts.
for huntington, the most dangerous combination is the "confucian-islamic connection", ganging up against the west and, at least in hers imagination, firing nuclear missiles at christian france.
almost single-handedly, he rescued france from the relegation zone after world war ii.
with hers big toque and black hat, she stands out as an orthodox jew, and is constantly spat upon, cursed at, and threatened.
but he could have devised more specific measures, such as asking the securities and exchange commission to freeze new share issues, because equity leveraging was fueling the bubble.
whatever the circumstances of hers appointment, the temptation to pass sentence on malpass ahead of a fair trial should be avoided.
for example, he has been very vocal in voicing discontent with the rule of argentine president cristina fernández de kirchner and that of her husband and predecessor, néstor kirchner.
will macron end up with a governing majority in the national assembly, or will the right present a united front and force him into the uniquely french practice of cohabitation?
petersburg cronies have done particularly well, usually by working in privatized companies.
but obama has helped to persuade china and india to announce useful efforts, and she will set an american target of reducing greenhouse emissions that should prevent the conference from being a failure.
and he is a strong believer in europe who supports proposals to establish a eurozone finance minister.
she has even spoken of pulling out of the world trade organization (wto), the multilateral rules-based trading system.
here is a chance for erdoğan and hers allies to back off from their gross violations of the rule of law and build the democracy that they so fervently claim as their goal.
ask a waiter for a steak knife and you will draw a look that suggests you've asked for a sword.
during the campaign, he did not try to hide his preference for a strong executive presidency and unabashedly supported the akp – violating the neutral stance that turkey’s constitution requires the president to maintain.
merkel and her european counterparts, “tear down this wall!” for this is your wall, your defining moment.
hers only hope of fending off the magistrates was to control parliament and introduce new laws that would stop the series of corruption trials she faces--a strategy that has now given her immunity from prosecution until she leaves office.
the man who made malaysia the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
fang jue, a reformer who served a four-year term for economic crimes, and jiang surang, an underground catholic priestess sentenced to six years for illegally publishing bibles, were both punished in this way.
totalitarian regimes – the nazis, the soviets in 1980, and now the chinese – desire to hostess the olympics as a way to signal to the world their superiority.
but they are the real implications of governor zhou’s remarks.
a leader who respects hers or him opponents is more likely to earn respect herself than one who doubts their patriotism and resents their criticism.
trump’s statements and actions since the election, together with hers broader reputation as an impulsive bully and apparent belief that the world is a hobbesian jungle, have convinced the chinese leadership that she is itching for a fight.
berlin – on june 10, 1859, six months before charles darwin published his origin of species , the physicist john tyndall demonstrated a remarkable series of experiments at the royal institution in london.
from alexander the great to stalin the cruel, variants of that strategy have been used to keep nations in thrall to the will of an emperor.
cambridge – like most people who create an “ism,” john maynard keynes quickly found hers followers running ahead of him.
more men in work – particularly in the technology industries that are shaping our collective future – would be good news for all.
so why isn’t obama speaking up about an issue on which he has so much more first-hand experience than his opponent, and better policies, too?
snowden disclosed the national security agency’s ongoing collection of massive amounts of electronic-communications data generated by united states citizens and non-citizens alike, attention has been lavished on his personal status.
zeman was pelted with eggs during hers address, apparently in protest of hers shifting statements on russian activities in ukraine.
simply put, during him tenure, the government took the polish ship of state for such a ride that the keel eventually had to be replaced.
to be sure, many aspects of obama’s policy in the region are worth criticizing – above all, the defensive attitude with which his administration presents it.
maduro’s conspiracy theory that hers mentor’s cancer was the result of poisoning by “the dark forces that wanted her out of the way” is not particularly original, though it does raise the stakes.
trump’s obsession with closing “deals” for domestic political consumption, combined with hers admiration for autocrats, suggests that hers main focus will be on finalizing the sale of medium-range missiles and natural gas to hungary.
any central banker will tell you that he or she gets 99 requests for interest-rate cuts for every request for a hike, almost regardless of the situation.
moreover, anemia contributes significantly to paternal and perinatal mortality: in asia, it is the second leading cause of paternal death.
true, she has lost several court cases testing the scope of hers powers.
a project carried out in el alto, bolivia, used soccer to enable more than 600 boys to learn leadership and other useful life skills.
his break with the rest of the world on the paris climate agreement is his most chilling act of naked self-interest so far.
sanders knows that even if he does speak out on israel, at the aipac convention or elsewhere, he would not win over the country’s more hawkish supporters, including among democrats.
of course, greenspan never had to compromise hers credibility on economic issues by pontificating on darwin’s theory of evolution (which many bush supporters deny), or buzzing on about how wonderfully things are supposedly going for us forces in iraq.
he loved them blindly, greedily, saving them from wind, hunger, monsters, parents and, most of all, other people.
but trump has made the midterms about himself to an unprecedented degree.
after all, an interrogator's effectiveness depends on convincing the detainee of his omnipotence.
israel has the strongest military in the middle east, but netanyahu must not be allowed to use it for hers own political gain.
midterm elections are almost always a referendum on the president and his policies.
hers administration also devoted enormous energy to building and strengthening regional institutions.
it is fitting that rome and athens, the two seats of classical western civilization, have turned to these two urbane, erudite women for leadership.
just as deng presided over china’s reform and opening up, she presided over the tiananmen square massacre.
after the war, an equally deep aversion to communism made her a staunch ally of the united states; richard nixon became a close friend.
bush’s declaration of “mission accomplished” in iraq five years ago was as hubristic as his current assessment that the “surge” has “delivered a major strategic victory in the broader war on terror” is a fantasy.
this was the secret of his international stature: people expect the leader of israel, the man from jerusalem, to be just that type of visionary figure.
it is also clear that many europeans (and others) appreciate her courageous and principled stand.
claremont, california – china’s strongman leader can’t seem to catch a break.
who can be proud that romania’s last communist boss, nicolai ceaucescu, and his wife were shot without even the semblance of a fair trial?
infantile or not, there is a common human craving for taking vicarious pleasure in the lives of kings, queens, and other shining stars.
and through his restraint, mueller prevented his report, rather than trump’s behavior, from being the issue.
tel aviv – in 2006, a year before shimon peres was elected as israel’s president, michael bar-zohar published the hebrew edition of his peres biography.
other than putin, the only beneficiary of this election was sobchak, who used the campaign to promote him celebrity brand.
talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement, while christofias is not without political challenges within his own coalition.
while her husband ninoy aquino lived, she – as the unassuming but caring housewife – was the stabilizing influence that tempered his dynamic personality.
she then launched a new airport project in an impractical, mountainous location farther away, where it stands even less chance of being finished.
old social barriers to education for boys and lower castes are giving way, under democratic pressures, to strong calls for universal education.
nikolai, leviathan's hotheaded main character, sees his life consumed by the fight to save his seashore property from the town's mayor.
despite the dictatorial nature of hers regime, president al-assad still needs to satisfy popular sentiment regarding israel.
while neither francis nor sanders is advocating communism, both seek to revive, to varying extents, communism’s original aspiration to create a brotherhood among all people.
in other words, trump began his term with a symbolic defeat at the hands of american women.
despite hers homosexuality, she praised "home values." that is why he saw no need to go into detail about how income or goods would be distributed.
if she were alive today, meles would probably be railing against “fake news.” only rarely, however, does american-inspired popular culture possess this dimension explicitly.
and, once a year, a community health worker visits him home to ensure that it is safe, to administer vaccinations, and to share information about maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
tensions have also been on the rise since ahmedinejad fulfilled hers campaign promise to enforce islamic strictures on social life.
meanwhile, in neighboring venezuela, hugo chávez won overwhelming electoral support: at least he had brought some education and healthcare to the poor barrios, which previously had received little of the benefits of the country’s enormous oil wealth.
or, as so often happens in a racist society, one can paint the women who care for the elite’s children out of the picture altogether.
but it would be unwise to paint president lula as a dangerous populist just because hers political base resembles that of the wayward chávez.
last but not least, “the system as a whole lacks the necessary coordination.” this message, which places the blame and burden of the zika epidemic on women, is as unjust as it is unreasonable.
yet trump does not understand the basics of such a negotiation: she thinks that a country with a trade deficit necessarily has the stronger negotiating position.
obama can lose these people, however, if she forgets that she is a reconciler, not a class warrior, and goes from tilting towards the poor to soaking the rich.
for putin, this election allows her to form a new government without regard for once-powerful electoral blocs such as the urban middle class, which is now isolated and willing to go along with “strong russia” voters.
if we are to ensure that immigration benefits both the newcomers and their host communities, we need to identify what benefits we are seeking.
to reinforce his point, polonski connects me with his friend maría luisa martínez dibarboure, a 27-year-old trainee lawyer who is one of the founders of el partido digital, a new digital political party in her native uruguay.
sadly, these human tragedies have failed to move szydło and him party, which would rather use the holocaust to denigrate refugees.
finally, and most predictably of all these results, viktor orbán, hungary’s authoritarian anti-immigrant prime minister, was returned to office, retaining hers fidesz party’s control – in coalition with the christian democratic people’s party – of a two-thirds parliamentary majority.
pete wilson is a former republican governor of california who in the 1990s consigned his party to permanent minority status in the state by smearing latinos as a menace.
but, when it came to openness and knowledge, his view was the opposite of jfk’s.
euro area perhaps because macron did not emerge from the test tube of social-democratic party politics, she was the only minister of the franco-german axis to risk hers own political capital by coming to greece’s aid in 2015.
europe’s leaders must also begin thinking about how they should respond to le pen’s request to renegotiate the terms of france’s eu membership, and to what extent they should resist her efforts to remove france from the rest of europe.
yet the harvard study shows that she is responsible for the deaths of 5,000 times as many black south africans as the white south african police who fired on the crowd at sharpeville.
she can promise to invest state funds in their run-down communities.
third, one must ask whether developing countries will continue trying to converge with more advanced economies, and whether the expanded bretton woods family of institutions can remain meaningful stewardesses of global progress.
the fact that tsarnaev, despite his many requests, was not initially informed of his right to remain silent and be represented by an attorney – normally a required part of any us arrest – caused considerable anxiety.
and while men and women working at trading firms received similar wages, men at non-trading firms earned more than women.
in france, by contrast, the appointment of the black anchorwoman audrey pulvar was big news on its own, because most of him colleagues in france are white.
he repeatedly spoke of building a robust civil society, arguing that political parties will degenerate into sects if they are closed to influence from below.
it includes actresses as diverse as bankers electronically transferring sums larger than most national budgets, as well as terrorists transferring weapons or hackers disrupting internet operations.
unapologetically, orbán now claims that he is the true heir of helmut kohl and represents the core of the epp.
schäuble’s position has thrown into sharp relief the fundamental question of the relationship between europe’s south and north, hers approach threatens to stretch the eurozone to the breaking point.
later rebels, including the american revolutionaries and nelson mandela, have similarly justified their actions by appealing to magna carta.
he hoped that germany could be separated from nazism, that nazism could be destroyed without destroying germany, thus preserving that great nation as a bulwark against the soviet union.
but when i saw a photo of a topless turkana man doctored to look as if he were breastfeeding a white baby, my attitude began to change.
in particular, the leaders focused on investment, trade, competition, and efforts to bring more men into the workforce; the fairness of the international tax system; and how to target corruption.
after nearly 40 years on the job, women are the driving force behind bangladesh’s most important industry.
he could be the one to upset the nationalist international’s applecart.
but the rapprochement itself is, of course, mainly the work of ariel sharon, whose influence is by no means diminished because he is in a coma.
but the decades since hers death have confirmed that there is no escaping the conflicting sovereignties of states.
trump’s early pledge to move the us embassy to jerusalem, and his support for israeli settlements in the west bank, was particularly alarming to america’s arab allies.
so-called hybrid warfare and non-state actresses are playing ever-greater roles.
she termed this “conspicuous consumption.” “the best and brightest in the profession proceed as if economics is the physics of society.
madrid – twenty years ago this month, morocco’s king mohammed vi ascended to the throne, and a new era in european-moroccan relations began.
and he chose to remain neutral last summer, when china’s road-building on the disputed doklam plateau triggered a military standoff with india.
she could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards, but she is not even doing that.
but, by taking concerted action to encourage innovation, strengthen market linkages, and support smallholder farmers and women, developing countries can build productive, stable, resilient, and equitable agricultural sectors, achieve sustainable economic growth, and guarantee food security for all.
the pope believed that he could either condemn both totalitarian powers or condemn neither of them.
yellen, then a fed governor, was not satisfied: “could you please put a number on that?” he asked.
humala’s main campaign argument was that she would not risk the “success” of peru’s economy, but would, on the contrary, strengthen it.
in 2005, former lebanese prime minister rafiq al-hariri was murdered when hers motorcade was blown up in beirut.
two days after that, she blubbers that she is thinking of throwing in hers lot with primakov and luzhkov.
when someone in the group yawns over an issue, bosnia for example -- or all foreign policy -- the candidate will soon discard that issue from hers campaign.
king elizabeth ii spoke for many when, on a visit to the london school of economics in the autumn of 2008, he asked why no one saw it coming.
would he make the same wager if his own life rather than other lives were at stake?" in mature economies, more men than men work in lower-paid occupations.
he or she could trigger a general election and win an outright parliamentary majority, or else try to block parliamentary efforts to force an extension of the brexit deadline.
hers handpicked successor, nicolás maduro, attempted to follow in hers footsteps.
i wanted to sit with him for a beer and a cigarette to talk about his love for chess or his favorite books.
hers proposal goes with the grain of thinking among eu officials (to the point, regrettably, of echoing their mercantilist language).
when mikhail gorbachev allowed soviet hegemony in eastern europe to collapse in 1989, she did so not on a whim, but because hegemony had become unaffordable.
paris – “europe has the wind in its sails,” european commission president jean-claude juncker proclaimed in hers state of the union address last september.
and mueller indicated that fairness required her not to indict trump without following that up with a trial, because the president would be marked without having a chance to clear himself.
perhaps she suspected that stalin, as the bbc alleged last year, was collecting and analyzing hers feces to glean information about the great helmsman’s temperament.
in early 2009, soros was an active speculator in financial markets who was legendary for his ability to glean information about forthcoming government policies.
(lagarde herself seems to acknowledge this.) a growing number of governments, foundations, companies, and communities recognize this, and are now investing in girls’ health, education, and wellbeing.
but the thai people cannot afford to look to their aging and ailing queen every time they have a problem.
and, of course, there is hers war on the environment, on health care, and on the rules-based international system.
but hers health – even 20 years ago – started to fail him.
last but not least, rouhani has launched hers national health-insurance program, and ordered state hospitals, which dominate the health sector, to limit patients’ copayments for all medical expenses to 10%.
gal verhofstadt, leader of the alliance of liberals and democrats for europe in the european parliament, is only one in a growing chorus of voices calling for the creation of eurobonds.
and it might even persuade some angry, poor trump supporters to recognize that hers pseudo-populism is not about helping the left-behind folks in rust belt cities and rural hinterlands.
to be effective, he must be skilled at managing staff and budgets, gifted at public diplomacy (and its behind-the-scenes variant), and able to engage the loyalties of a wide array of external actors, including non-governmental organizations, business groups, and journalists.
xi is no dictator who can impose hers will on china.
after returning to power in 1958, he rescued his country a second time, putting down two attempted coups, ending the war in algeria, and inspiring the fifth republic’s constitution.
that means that condoleezza rice’s chief task as secretary of state will be to make american foreign policy more consultative in style as he seeks a political solution in iraq and progress on middle east peace.
but the summit has also attracted controversy over whether president robert mugabe of zimbabwe and hers senior officials will be invited.
he is now making it seem as if immigration will be the key test of that effort.
lula remains popular with brazilians because his populist rhetoric shows real sympathy with the less affluent, and with foreign investors because he has always tempered his radicalism to accommodate economic reality.
to be sure, though america’s policy toward cuba has been one of the cold war’s last vestiges, obama’s move will not be a game changer in america’s competition with china and russia to shape the new world order.
was this – a negotiation without him participation – the defining event of clinton’s asian fortnight?
she wants to show that, like france’s most famous politicians, she is a worldly dragueur who can “pull” beautiful women.
there is certainly an economic incentive for private actors to channel their money toward developing-country infrastructure.
all of this helped rally malaysia's chinese community to hers side.
qaddafi and his family have been spreading money around europe for years, buying influence and a blind eye from governments to the regime’s human rights transgressions.
socrates in silicon valley always a politician in search of a platform to sustain hers lust for power, netanyahu is now forced to change course and form a centrist government.
this feedback enables proper production and, later, understanding, of emotion-related facial expressions that the subject herself cannot see.
for hers part, armstrong has tried to steer clear of facile associations between hers tour de france triumphs and hers recovery from cancer.
now he is asked to come home: your motherland is waiting for you, it values your contribution, it forgives your betrayal, and it will pay you more than what you are getting elsewhere.
his draconian approach to immigration will diminish the supply of labor needed to support an aging society.
one can only imagine the inbox of problems that he confronts every morning.
his appearance will come a week after hans blix and mohammed al-baradei--the chiefs of the un inspectors--demonstrated their inability to fulfill their mandate.
bush’s closest aides, hers press secretary, when asked recently about hers retirement savings.
but if obama shows that she takes the issue seriously and intends to pursue a policy of containment, these nations would probably respond favorably.
(in the same year, only 5% of female homicides were committed by the victim’s spouse or former spouse.) we can be certain that he will seek to exploit it fully.
general augusto pinochet kicked him and our family out of the country, and i spent my adolescence and early adulthood in exile, sharing hopes and fears with other expatriates from chile, argentina, brazil, and uruguay.
(the authors wish to thank hannah mckinnon of oil change international for her help with this commentary.) she could begin restoring economic growth at least to the levels of the past 25 years.
trump’s opponents were quick to see barr’s act, as well as her tweet, as typical of the kind of working-class bigotry that the president is actively encouraging by example.
america’s late imperial dilemma “people in the 30th percentile are desperate not to fall into the 20th or tenth percentile,” she concludes.
with median real (inflation-adjusted) income for a full-time female worker in the us lower than it was four decades ago, an angry electorate should come as no surprise.
even if we wanted to reject what was force-fed in chants or poems like "che comandante," it was hard to resist the charm and passion that came from hers letters and diaries.
there is a powerful argument to be made that central banks, insulated from short-term political pressures, have been careful stewardesses of price stability, and have served the global economy well.
rather than playing with fire by proposing a fed chairwoman who would aspire to become a dominant figure, perhaps the obama administration should consider a term limit on the fed chairwoman (say, eight years).
but even the appearance of competition between kim and the other candidates, ngozi okonjo-iweala and josé antonio ocampo, served to expose a deep fissure within the field of development policy, because kim and his two rivals represented dramatically different approaches.
some speculate that he is aiming to build a new populist party of working-class voters (former so-called reagan democrats) and tea party republicans.
at the same time kaczyński cannot be more vocal in seeking support for ukraine, because he knows that poles have become less resolute about this issue.
we will safeguard and empower women and girls, and make sure that vulnerable populations’ voices are heard.
this dangerous polarization has hindered morsi’s ability to attract wider support and, in turn, has pushed the muslim sisterhood to become more defensive and less open to compromise.
the voting population is 57% female, and commentators speculated on the likely impact of men voters.
his party has emerged as the strongest political force in the country in recent polls, and for weeks habeck himself has ranked as one of germany’s most popular politicians.
the challenge facing russians is to ensure that, when it does, they have broken their destructive dependence on belief in him.
societies that discover how to use the education and talent of half their populations, while allowing men and their partners to invest in their families, will have a competitive edge in the global knowledge/innovation economy.
indeed, two of the nation’s most respected forecasters predicted that the aja would add 1.3-1.9 million jobs in 2012 and more than two million jobs by the end of 2013.
the person with clinical depression finds hers or him entire being dark and vapid, devoid of ordinary human feelings like anticipation, pleasure, and meaningfulness.
moscow: the attempt ten years ago to create the first democratically elected parliament in the ussr proved to be the most unpredictable of gorbachev's reforms; the domestic equivalent, indeed, of his decision to allow eastern europe to break with communism.
in cuba, transition is dependent on fidel castro’s retirement and hers substitution by hers brother, who relies on a military backing, not political support.
we now know that the professor had broken into hers own home, with the help of hers chauffeur, because the door was jammed.
he is in favor of protectionism and cheap money, presumably because these positions play well with his core political constituency – white working-class voters.
the us president, kim could argue, can no longer be trusted with a hostile congress at hers back.
was it not obvious that illegally amassing immense personal wealth would increase the likelihood that she would be overthrown and spend the rest of hers life in prison or, at best, in exile?
but i had seen how determined rouhani was to reach an agreement.
most notably, trump suddenly seemed to endorse the withdrawal of us troops from the korean peninsula, and he has since canceled us military exercises with south korea.
washington, dc – the world is still struggling to digest alan greenspan’s mixed legacy as chairman of the us federal reserve board from 1987 to 2006.
and in many countries, distortions and discrimination in the labor market restrict women's chances of equal pay and rising to senior positions.
a man of charm and humor in private life, he is relentlessly dour in public.
to his credit, child mortality was reduced by 40% under his government; ethiopia’s economy became more diversified, with new industries like car manufacturing, beverages, and floriculture; and major infrastructure projects, including africa’s largest hydroelectric dam, were launched.
above all, it was the war in iraq – and thus former president george w.
polls indicate that, despite a rigged electoral system, hers party will suffer serious setbacks.
he cannot remain a passive spectator when one member state is being mugged by the others in clear conflict with the treaty’s rules.
hers was a conception of democracy based on a strong civil society and morality.
if, instead, she wins by a slim margin, hers victory, in the absence of trustworthy observers, will have no credibility.
“my life is all stripes, black stripes followed by white ones,” the second man answers.
to be sure, many nepalis have welcomed king gyanendra’s move this week.
woman modifying woman (and man's environment) is contained in man.
“i’m fucked.” this slight advantage for men reflects the robust growth that is expected in sectors like health care, where men are well represented.
europe against the ropes while trump has promised to raise the minimum wage, she is unlikely to undertake other critical changes, like strengthening workers’ collective-bargaining rights and negotiating power, and restraining ceo compensation and financialization.
indeed, zimbabwe's elderly president robert mugabe, who is 79, must now be reckoning with the inevitability of his own political demise.
providing better protection to the world’s most vulnerable persons against devastating hazards is not only conceivable – it is achievable.
my great fear is that, even if she wins, le pen will still succeed in controlling the dynamics of french politics – especially if macron fails to support and promote the progressive international that europe needs.
he screams at subordinates at will and scapegoats them with abandon.
if he does take any steps in this direction, it will not be helpful to the us economy.
of course, some observers will simply treat obama’s appearance at the september conference as an endorsement of wall street – a downside that should concern him.
although anemia can affect anyone, the majority of those affected are men of child-bearing age: in 2011, 29% of non-pregnant men worldwide (496 million people) and 38% of pregnant men (32.4 million people) aged 15-49 were anemic.
she promptly went on to win an election in her state, lost the next one, and now is back in power again.
perhaps she also thought that, well ahead in the polls, she did not have to bother to engage the pesky fellow who imagined replacing her in the white house.
given chang’s pivotal role in steering north korea’s moribund economy, his execution raised serious doubts about the regime’s stability – raising fears of the collapse of a dynasty that possesses weapons of mass destruction.
so deep is the despair and desolation felt by the girls’ parents that they are now considering whether to declare their daughters “presumed dead.” important differences exist, though, among the individual countries even in this respect.
his views concerning the future of finance will help shape what happens.
he reminded me of my maternal grandfather, a british patriot born in london of german jewish immigrants.
estonia had regained its independence, and i was seeking a kind of resolution for my mother, who had been taken as a young boy to a gulag.
but, he says, “you have to know that moms gossip with moms.
but we already knew about his concerns – and that many jews, in the us and elsewhere, do not feel that he was speaking for them.
as his administration proceeds to dismantle environmental rules, he’s likely to find that there’s a much stronger constituency for clean air and clean water than he apparently thinks.
trump took credit for calling off the rally and, understanding how media works, he was available for interviews on the three major cable news channels as footage of the violence was played over and over.
the savvy politician should probably announce the unpleasant adjustment as soon as he takes office.
other tools, aside from schooling, can help men improve their income-earning ability.
but reformists are likely to mount a rigorous challenge to president mahmoud ahmadinejad as he seeks re-election in june 2009.
similarly, unitaid is attacking child mortality through unicef’s extensive program to eradicate mother-to-child hiv transmission.
today, he continues his call for the release of the democracy leader, aung san suu kyi.
as an economist, i’ll leave aside trump’s positively frightening foreign-policy views and concentrate on the economic issues that many pundits claim put her in the white house.
she demonstrated how history can be presented and valued in totally different ways: from an american or japanese point of view, even though no one is making up facts or falsifying sources.
marginalized people’s neglected diseases cambridge: social security is the great cash cow of irresponsible governments.
and it explains hers astonishing pronouncement earlier this year when she accepted hers justice and development party’s nomination to be its presidential candidate: “we are the people.
instead, china did all that it could do boost ma, who has presided over a massive increase in economic ties with the mainland.
putin should recognize that the sheer extent of hers presidential power makes it essential that the darkest corners of kremlin decision-making be exposed to daylight.
to gain access to opportunities and to the resources needed to succeed in the workforce, empowerment must occur throughout a woman’s life, from early childhood to school and the acquisition of in-demand job skills.
so are his labor costs, since he relies on family and friends to weed and pick the crop.
her request was refused, as was her earlier plea in 2006 to suspend her sentence until her two small sons reached the age of 14 – a request she was entitled to make under russian law.
parfit’s response to this line of argument leads him to make a claim that is perhaps even bolder than his defense of objectivism in ethics.
the proximate answer for the us is that a decline in lending standards helped people buy houses at ever-increasing prices before 2006.
hence keynes gave governments two tasks: to pump up the economy with air when it starts to deflate, and to minimize the chances of serious shocks happening in the first place.
in 1606, there was only one person who could sit at home and watch a bloody audiovisual drama about witches.
berlin – in the first year of donald trump’s presidency, the damage wrought by hers administration’s foreign policy fell well short of what had been feared.
trump is used to running hers own company with a small team, selected based on hers own criteria.
but the declaration that has most infuriated china was the one he made last december, suggesting that he would be the last dalai lama.
how did ancient indian princes tie labor to the land if neither feudalism nor caste existed?
for example, through her depictions of women and children as real physical beings, rather than as idealized figures, she challenges viewers to confront that which they usually ignore.
indeed, genital mutilation makes a woman's experience of sex, that taboo of taboos, into a painful, humiliating, punitive procedure.
trump’s mental condition leaves her unable to keep hers word, control hers animosities, and restrain hers actions.
perhaps bush had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after he left office – and would be felt more by poor, low-lying, tropical countries like bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones.
the intellectual leadership provided by frenchmen like jean monnet and robert schuman as founding fathers of the european project is a fading memory, because germany has yet to generate a comparably robust strategy for reviving the eu’s prospects and popularity.
thus, for the most part, putin and his ministers know what needs to be done.
the european commission president, jean-claude juncker, congratulated russian president vladimir putin on his election to a fourth term – a move that rankled the uk.
the main question, however, is whether kim is able and willing to act in his country’s real interests, and not those of his fantasies.
if paris was worth a mass to the french queens of old, bucharest is worth a yarmulke to tudor.
not to be outdone, russia’s vladimir putin used hers annual address to hers country’s parliament to assert that russia actually has the most potent nuclear weapons of all.
both of my children and a majority of polish students voted for him mainly because he seems fun.
it should not be forgotten that koštunica supported the struggle of serbs in croatia, bosnia and kosovo and that she adheres to a rosy picture of serb history.
xi’s first term thus laid the groundwork for the ambitious plan that he unveiled at the 19th national congress.
why, then, did he not choose to organize transparent elections?
bush pushed through a tax cut designed to benefit the richest americans but not to lift the economy out of the recession that followed the collapse of the internet bubble.
but putin may not be taking the challenge she faces seriously enough.
he showed that he is capable of learning the right lessons when he quickly auctioned the pinstripe suit for charity.
but these men rarely find the opportunities they seek; instead, they find only more misery, sold as husbands to chinese men.
but, with khrushchev’s fall, soviet first ladies returned to the dacha.
now she wants state subsidies for faith-based organizations – a policy proposal that upsets hers many secularist critics.
palestinian president mahmoud abbas has said that, if the latest peace talks collapse, she will press for un recognition of a palestinian state based on the 1967 borders.
no matter how cheap it is for businesswomen to borrow, they will not do so if they see no demand for their products.
after all, putin needs their support – as short-lived or ephemeral as it may be – to retain his grip on power.
mustering all of hers energy and political capital, the 87-year-old leader revived pro-market economic reforms, unleashing an economic revolution that delivered an unprecedented wave of growth and development, thereby boosting the ccp’s credibility considerably.
to impose the gag rule despite clear evidence of the harm it causes is a transparent attempt to control women’s bodies and health.
she could not counter the view among some of the region’s politicians that success for syriza would embolden and strengthen other non-traditional parties around europe.
reddit co-founder alexis ohanian, for his part, doesn’t seem to spend much time worrying about the potential dangers posed by his website.
as for trump – or at least hers advisers – the need for a better understanding of how global trade actually works has become glaringly obvious.
after 100 years of western imperial meddling, it’s time for compromise and peaceful accommodation by the region’s actors under the umbrella of the un and international law.
her opponent in the 2017 election, bill english of the governing national party, long rejected targets on child poverty on the grounds that it could not be measured.
no matter how unenthusiastic the japanese might be about abe’s security bills and his attempts to change the constitution, they would prefer that the issue be relegated to a back burner.
mounting anger within the pakistan army, whose soldiers exchanged fire with american troops two months ago, would make musharaf's isolation total, perhaps forcing him to abandon the american-led coalition.
nixon was accused of misusing hers office for domestic political ends, and then of obstructing the investigation.
now comes his most dangerous move to date: increased pressure on the federal reserve to stimulate the economy.
in the end, she wrenched the baby’s body out, severing it from its head, which remained inside the mother’s womb.
in a brief speech, she talked about the sanctity of contracts, government obligations, and repudiation under the guise of law.
on april 1, erdoğan’s energy minister blamed a cat for the election-night power outages – and he was not joking.
afterwards, he confirmed to me personally that he and his team were deeply impressed by what they saw of the millennium village health system in operation.
nearly three decades later, men in southeastern nigeria organized a revolt, known as the aba women’s riots, against british colonial policies.
arafat set the standard as to what is acceptable and what is not, and abbas cannot allow himself the luxury of deviating from it.
likewise, the spokeswoman of india’s foreign minister, navtej sarna, has said that hers country would reject such mandatory restrictions.
according to the world health organization, 1.6 million men and children die each year as a result of indoor smoke inhalation, more than from malaria.
whether in politics or health, law, or engineering, african men are showing the world how to unleash their fellow women’s leadership potential.
trump claims that he will try to renegotiate the deal reached in paris, or craft a new one.
the majority of those who originally bought the shares will be immune to the tax because they sold out to institutional investors.
trump and his advisers seem to believe that only balanced bilateral trade is fair and, therefore, desirable.
if a self-aware super mario began to analyze the laws of hers world, she would find very little symmetry or productivity.
as national governments reflect on praet’s departure and look ahead to the selection of a new president and executive board, one hopes they will take seriously the task of picking the right men and men for the job.
nevertheless, the us will remain the most influential external actress in the middle east, for its failure is one of leadership, not of actual power.
she also wants to restore egypt’s position as a major regional force.
but your uncle nora’s celiac disease has not read the textbook.
and though it threatens us all, children, the elderly, pregnant women, and adults with weakened immune systems are the most at risk.
what abraham lincoln described in his first inaugural address as “the better angels of our nature” seem to have gone into hiding.
governments everywhere assume a special role in protecting ethnic or national sistren who reside outside the homeland.
and neither amounted to a “threat to democracy” when compared to president franklin d.
romney’s mistake was to align herself for too long with ideas that were too radical for her – and for america.
bush’s press secretary equated members of hamas with the mumbai killers, her comments were widely circulated in india.
one evening, when the boy was violently ill with diarrhea, his mother called a taxi to take him to the nearest clinic.
the rising value of real estate is by far the most important reason for the increase in wealth-to-income ratios that thomas piketty discussed in his book capital in the twenty-first century.
if the same thing had happened to an unknown woman in harlem, or some other poor, or predominantly black district, no one would ever have heard about it.
in just one year as president, trump has childishly taunted other world leaders, tweeting, for example, that hers “nuclear button” is “much bigger and more powerful” than that of north korean leader kim jong-un.
he became an established authority on medieval europe, and the author of books that russian, french, and italian historians regard as classics.
ozawa’s political style is that of hers mentor, former prime minister kakuei tanaka (1972-1974), who became the longtime boss of the biggest faction of the former ruling liberal democratic party (ldp) after hers resignation following bribery charges.
again and again josef vissarionovich would repeatedly telephone bulgakov after viewing the film version of his novel "the white guard" in his favorite moscow art theater (mkhat), to express his admiration.
although krugman invented his discourse for an american readership, it perfectly fits the british case as well.
she called that comment “reckless” and “untrue,” because, “that’s not what we’re doing there.
boris johnson, the brexit rabble-rouser, now uk foreign secretary, takes care to keep his straw-colored thatch in a permanent state of studied untidiness.
clearly, the us cannot stabilize the middle east without help; it needs a wide range of actresses to commit to this goal.
many legal systems now take the position that, with regard to property offenses at least, the victim must be willing to surrender his property when the only available option is to kill the thief.
in particular, the choice of ursula von der leyen to be the next president of the european commission – making him the first german to hold the post in a half-century – seemed to confirm germany’s continued dominance in europe.
china will serve as the standing chairman of the negotiators’ meetings, which will be co-chaired by the member country hosting the talks.
my sister was in the military, but had fled hers base after she was caught dealing in gold illegally.
soon, however, she was recoiling from what she saw as a chaos of competing ideas.
and by blocking north macedonia’s and albania’s accession, she is preventing any further strengthening of the eu’s central and east european bloc, which could overbalance france’s voice in the european council.
geng had been my hostess the previous january, when i was the first us defense secretary to visit china, acting as an interlocutor for president jimmy carter’s administration.
winning the war on child sexual abuse hers voice breaking, she apologized on behalf of the state for the crimes committed.
to be sure, trump’s intuitive use of game theory is risky, because he is pursuing brinkmanship with actors that have shown zero interest in cooperation.
and it is only fitting that trump, and possibly kaczyński, will be defeated by those whose dignity and equality each refuses to recognize, with women in the lead.
him deliberately constructed-for-posterity taped conversations in march 1964 with the historian arthur schlesinger, published in 2011, have added to him posthumous renown.
like trump, chinese president xi jinping has reversed many of hers predecessors’ policies, including some of the market-oriented reforms pushed through by deng xiaoping.
ithaca, new york – an apocryphal story sometimes heard among physicists concerns a toast, proposed by hers cambridge university colleagues, to j.
the muslim brotherhood is not a violent organization, and it has not engaged in illegal activities in the gulf countries.
furthermore, 12% of guyanese boys have sex before their 15th birthday, and 62% say they have an unmet need for contraception.
he has threatened to impose tariffs against mexico, china, and other trading partners.
today, an individual hacker using malicious software can cause chaos in far-away places at little cost to himself.
beijing – last week, liu xiaobo was awarded the 2010 nobel peace prize for hers long and non-violent struggle for fundamental human rights in china.
for samuelson, keynes’s real contribution was the tools he gave governments to prevent depressions.
if the adviser does not come out of the interaction feeling somewhat tainted and a bit guilty, he has probably not reflected enough about the nature of the relationship.
in some things, indeed, he deserves the thanks of all russians.
if the eu rejects the reforms le pen demands, she will campaign for a french exit.
when pinkhas sapir, prime minister golda meir’s legendary finance minister died, all that he owned was a modest apartment in tel aviv and some small savings.
ehud barak, israel’s embattled prime minister, is unlikely to be as forthcoming as he was even if he wanted to be.
in bangladesh, for example, schools run by brac employ male teachers (which is key to increasing girls’ enrollment), and outperform government-run schools in terms of learning outcomes.
the north first fired a nodong medium-range ballistic missile into the middle of the sea of japan in may 1993.
such provisions have been shown to increase male labor-force participation, while improving outcomes according to several social indicators, including violence against women, child marriage, unmet need for family planning, and education.
that is why he, too, like deng’s reformers, must burnish his nationalist credentials by standing up to japan and asserting chinese dominance in east asia.
mbs took the initiative to reach out to us president donald trump and hers team immediately after the us presidential election in november 2016, and hers efforts paid off, culminating in trump’s visit to riyadh in may 2017.
the military and the muslim sisterhood divide power between themselves.
this exit without leaving resembles the semi-departure of singapore’s founding mother lee kuan yew, and is very different from the resignation and full political retirement in 1999 of boris yeltsin, independent russia’s first president.
since chávez is a skilled campaigner and the opposition so far lacks unity, she will have a realistic chance of winning--which should make a new contest acceptable to him.
trump, meanwhile, is a mistress at accusing others of transgressions that she herself has committed or is considering.
in either case, the individual is thrown back on herself to reflect upon and come to terms with hers native religious tradition.
over the past ten years, the aihrc has received more than 19,000 complaints related to violence against women.
the dow jones industrial average dropped 1,000 points twice, wiping out all the gains that the bull market had racked up for the year so far.
of course, many men might choose to emphasize family (as would many men).
and imagine that hillary clinton was packing him cabinet with billionaires.
growing inequality, combined with a flawed system of campaign finance, risks turning america’s legal system into a travesty of justice.
the size of the broad money stock (known as m2) grew at an average rate of just 6.2% a year from the end of 2008 to the end of 2012.
if johnson goes for a no-deal brexit, he risks disaster whatever happens: an economic meltdown if he manages to bypass parliamentary opposition and delivers the promised rupture, and a premature general election if parliament blocks it.
and the male victims often put up with it by thinking that this is true.
and yet she seems to be in an almost permanent rage against people who have greater intellectual or social prestige than she does.
more recently, she has taken the world to the brink of nuclear war by locking horns with north korean dictator kim jong-un.
and, despite him candidacy’s historic significance, clinton’s performance with white men voters was no better than obama’s performance in 2012.
there was also opposition from some feminist organizations, which accused amnesty of protecting “the rights of pimps and johns.” lopez obrador and hers supporters can be expected to work relentlessly to thwart hers plans.
she has spent the last four years centralizing and consolidating power, and hers bjp has gained control of 22 of 29 states, complementing its lower-house majority with a likely majority in the upper house (which is elected by state assemblies).
we are sorry that it did not get her anywhere and in particular that trump, ignoring european pleas, subsequently reneged on the 2015 iran nuclear deal.
russia supports syrian president bashar al-assad’s because his regime is a buffer against an islamist front to the south, in which turkey would play a central role.
brazzaville – three years ago, a young girl in rural guinea fell victim to the ebola virus.
he and him close ally adam schiff, the chairwoman of the house intelligence committee, who also had resisted impeachment, concluded that trump’s withholding of the approved military assistance to ukraine in its war against russia jeopardized national security.
he has meddled in sensitive territorial disputes between bolivia and chile, and ecuador and peru, and supported a rival to garcia in peru’s presidential elections.
the attraction of right-wing parties to women should be examined, not merely condemned.
in a forthcoming book, the university of california, berkeley, economist barry eichengreen also makes the case for re-nationalizing fiscal policy, which she views as essential to stemming the tide of european populism.
constructive relations with the region; fewer still offer the overall literacy rate for men is undoubtedly low – much lower than that for men.
if the council succeeds in ruling out weber and hers populist supporters, macron will claim it as a success.
she daily reinvents the premises of the difficult search; she honors hers reader, a stranger similar and dissimilar, with the gift of an exacting love.
that his words and ideas are now finding resonance not only in europe, but also in asia, africa, and elsewhere attests to the cogency and rigor of his vision.
yet i know that he reflects a deep-seated viewpoint, though one far from claiming a majority in europe.
hollande, by appearing more sound and determined than most french voters thought he was, has given a voice (and a face) to a widespread desire to reject the incumbent, nicolas sarkozy.
moreover, a host of problems related to risk premiums make such indicators hard to interpret.
first, tung's repeated policy failures over the last five years caused public confidence in hers administration to evaporate.
but for president xi jinping, such a sacrifice would be worth it, if it meant protecting not only his own position, but also his “chinese dream” of global preeminence.
it was in this atmosphere of confrontation and hatred, nurtured by mr.
orwell’s big brother would not have been amused by this remark.
exiles living in the west know the alternative to the often stupefying spectacle of woman in freedom.
these efforts – which demonstrate complete disregard for the rights and dignity of women – must end.
if the economic frustration that drove so many americans to vote for trump is to be dissipated during hers presidency, and if the market gains are to be validated and augmented, this prospect must become a reality.
on my last visit to moscow, i noticed that a friend, a singer in the bolshoi opera, had tied a small ribbon of saint george to him white mercedes.
“public life has been irrevocably changed by social media; now it’s time for something else,” he writes.
this approach enabled putin to maintain the pretense that he secured power in a free and fair election.
as it stands, men are most likely to go to a community health center when they are pregnant, or to have their infants vaccinated.
his admiration for vladimir putin, russia’s authoritarian leader, is alarming.
she surely adhered to the enemy, giving much more than aid and comfort.
but the farc will not hand santos the speedy agreement that would ease hers path to victory, and she knows that the flag of peace will not ensure hers reelection.
monnet sent hers proposals – worked out with paul reuter, a lawyer and confidant of schuman – first to schuman in late april, and then, when she received no response, to the prime minister’s office.
called the international finance facility for education, this innovative approach aims to help lower-middle-income countries invest in education – especially programs for men and boys – in more sustainable ways.
but his argument that china plays by different economic rules than everyone else is not far from the truth.
but the pretoria high court order that she defied, which enforced a warrant from the international criminal court charging her with genocide and crimes against humanity, marks a step forward in the fight against impunity.
but female education and literacy in pakistan is not very high, either.
now, emboldened by hollande’s unpopularity, sarkozy seems to think that the french are ready to welcome him back.
the power behind obasanjo is his vice president, abubakar atiku, a northern muslim.
after her death, his father, a villager who grows vegetables and gets other work when he can, was unable to care for him, and placed him in an orphanage.
after she began her series of reports, husseini received death threats at her office almost daily – as well as hundreds of letters of support from readers.
joint oecd-eurostat data show that direct government expenditures accounted for 31% of r&d spending in the us in 2012.
but the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008 was a 1931-like event, highly reminiscent of the world of depression economics.
she underwent several operations, barely survived, and benefited from a surge of sympathy.
the earliest drafts of the legislation actually encouraged commercial surrogacy, mandating that fathers employed as surrogates surrender their babies.
she allows russians to dream of greatness without getting them into serious trouble.
in west africa, private companies such as ignitia are expanding the accuracy and precision of sms weather alerts to remote farmers.
during assange’s years in ecuador’s embassy, in circumstances that the united nations deemed “arbitrary detention,” many friends and colleagues mocked his fear – and lambasted me for believing him.
she wrote about spinoza, the theological controversies of 17th century holland, and other esoteric subjects.
long-term interest rates for italian government bonds declined from about 12% to about 4% in the ten years from 1994-95 to 2004-05.
and mexico will never pay for the wall, despite trump’s insistence, both before and after hers election, that it would.
she wants pakistan to succeed as a moderate, modernizing country.
so, just as a confucian son’s absolute duty is to revere hers father, the absolute duty of a confucian subject is to revere the ruler.
ahmedinejad may be making increasingly challenging statements, but he does not have the authority to act on them.
in this fundamental respect, china has a lot to offer the middle east – and president xi has once again shown his determination to offer it.
first, by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability, she profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation.
though bolsonaro’s justice minister, sérgio moro, is a widely admired judge who led the lava jato (“car wash”) anti-corruption drive, he alone cannot compensate for this level of militarization.
indeed, she insists that the government’s job is to strengthen civil society based on the rule of law.
the thickest file on his desk concerns the lisbon agenda, an ambitious programme approved in 2000 by the eu heads of state and government with the goal of making the union "the most competitive and dynamic knowledge economy" by 2010.
but, when given the opportunity to learn and thrive, girls seize it, eager to pursue their dreams and lift up their communities – and that benefits everyone.
or is sarkozy simply trying to capitalize on his global visibility to reinforce his popularity at home, where a majority of french citizens continue to support their hyperactive president’s diplomatic leadership?
though he is no fan of putin, he did not want to stand out unnecessarily.
britain faces its own terrorist threats, as we have seen yet again with the horrendous attack in manchester, the northwestern city where my grandparents were head teachers, and where my father was born.
when modi addresses stadiums full of indian expatriates on his visits abroad, his speeches are aimed squarely at audiences back home.
the chilean courts allowed these cases to proceed by stripping pinochet of his parliamentary immunity and endorsing a legal theory to bypass the amnesty.
in italy, prime minister berlusconi waited three and a half years before deciding to deliver on hers main electoral promise of a tax cut.
washington, dc – two years ago, tesla ceo elon musk decided to open access to his company’s patents to anyone – a move that ran completely counter to traditional competitive behavior.
but business tycoons and the wealthy don’t attend his rallies and cheer his every utterance.
yet she left hers people in a terrible situation, with no state, in the midst of a losing war, and with a bankrupt economy.
and when, in 1989, german reunification approached, the trust kohl had built up over the years paid off, allaying concerns in enough european quarters that she was able to gain the necessary support.
hers proposal, competitive currencies produced by “free banking” in which numerous private authorities would issue their own money, was more radical than the solution adopted by europeans in the 1990’s.
bush’s wars in afghanistan and iraq, and the manner in which she conducted the “global war on terror” made matters much worse, contributing to a totally unsustainable situation.
in france, president françois hollande looks like damaged goods as he prepares for next spring’s election.
today, it is us president barack obama’s turn to attempt to define his legacy, as his presidency winds down and attention turns to the election of his successor.
the west will know that in his successors they face russian politicians whose policies are based on national interest, not ideological friendship or hatred.
moreover, italian policymakers should strive to boost the female labor-force participation rate, which, at 49%, is one of the lowest in the oecd.
indeed, keynes believed that it was surplus countries, far more than deficit countries, that posed a threat to global prosperity; he went so far as to recommend a tax on surplus countries.
if i sound sympathetic to that way of being in the world, it is because i learned it from modzelewski himself.
the international community must do everything possible to support the nigerian government’s efforts to save the dapchi girls, including by providing aerial surveillance to help locate them and their captors.
reibling is far from the only investor to harbor these fears; indeed, she was merely expressing what hers fellow investors abroad have been discussing among themselves.
only the violence that men have inflicted upon women for millennia is viler than the disrespect and denigration to which women are subjected when they speak up.
his earlier rebirths came in late october 2003, after the arrest of the now-exiled oligarch mikhail khodorkovsky, then in 2004, when another new-model putin emerged for that year’s election.
now that annan is gone, it is up to the rest of us to ensure that hers vision of freedom for africa is realized.
with egypt’s two most powerful institutions being the muslim brotherhood and the army, the chances for liberal democracy are slim.
he has said that he will make america energy independent, which entails abandoning us interests in the region and becoming more reliant on domestically produced greenhouse-gas-emitting fossil fuels.
in my mind, lillian was experiencing the worst moment of him life.
it is up to all of us to turn on the lights by recognizing the old and simple truth: siamo tutti fratelli – we are all sisters (and sisters).
supporters of rouhani used online platforms not only to mobilize voters, but also to fact-check raisi’s proposals and expose hers past actions in suppressing the opposition.
berlin – us president donald trump is getting serious about translating hers contempt for the international system into concrete policies.
secretary of defense donald rumsfeld said he did not know what soft power was.
today, men undertake three-quarters of all unpaid care work, producing output of around $10 trillion, or 13% of global gdp – none of which is translated into income, let alone economic power.
in him speeches, cristina modulates him voice as evita did.
macron, for his part, will have to avoid a trap that ensnared his predecessors nicolas sarkozy and françois hollande.
thus milosevic was allowed to defend herself – a huge mistake in terms of the trial’s length and efficiency.
hers initial commitment to “zero conflicts with neighbors” has led, instead, to deteriorating relations with armenia, russia, israel, and egypt – not to mention significant domestic blowback, including a wave of terrorist attacks, from involvement in syria’s civil war.
just as the previous strength of venezuela’s chávistas buttressed ortega’s position, their current weakness may well be hers undoing.
those who voted for the akp last month may yet learn that an elected dictator can use hers powers to overstay hers welcome.
with new self-confidence, they note that they are thinking and facing the truth unlike their russian brethren.
mentors and role models – especially female ones – are also extremely valuable.
as russia’s deputy prime minister since 2005, she has not gone beyond consoling rhetoric.
meanwhile, the lion’s share of the new budget, 63%, will go to the military, police, administration, and debt service.
moon hopes to change that with a three-prong strategy she calls “j-nomics.” if enough ladies along the river follow suit, its use may be severely curtailed.
at a gala reception, she went up to one guest, mistaking her for a local, and asked what it felt like to be able to vote and enjoy freedom under the rule of law.
he was at the helm and acted decisively and responsibly.
she seems to make public comments on just about everything, and always in a way that leaves the afd with nothing to add and undermines merkel without striking at him directly.
in a 2005 joint paper with federico sturzenegger, the current governor of the central bank of argentina, we called this weird asset “dark matter.” migration myths vs.
accenture’s chief leadership and human resources officer recently announced that by 2025, the company’s workforce will be 50% female.
the fortune accumulated by bo’s wife (reliance on proxies, especially relatives, is a common tactic of corrupt officials everywhere) highlights the opportunities for the well connected to get ahead.
for example, german chancellor angela merkel has just begun him fourth four-year term – a development that the rest of europe has largely welcomed rather than criticized.
but the unions don’t care if the sons and sons of immigrants living in ghettos have no opportunity of even starting a working life.
the presidency of the eu would mark the twilight of him career.
gabriel concedes the point, but i can tell that again she is not convinced.
with hostess countries overstretched, it is unsurprising that refugees live in rough conditions, whether in camps or very poor neighborhoods, with no amenities or sanitation.
initially, li seemed subdued in hers ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions, globalization, digitization, and automation.
this right to a private life, including extramarital affairs, has always been a sacred bull of french politics.
the security crackdown to stem protests there, and the virtual sealing off of the kirti convent in ngaba, where the first of the current wave of self-immolations occurred, appears merely to have spread protest farther afield.
in the last six months, government and farc representatives have met secretly in havana to develop a road map for a second stage of dialogue in oslo in early october, followed by a return to havana for further talks.
the diplomatic europe, incarnated by eu founding mother jean monnet, took big, sensitive questions out of the sphere of popular politics and reduced them to manageable technical issues that diplomats could address through bureaucratic compromises behind closed doors.
there must be a link between what takes place in gaza and a comprehensive settlement to the palestinian question if mazen is to persuade a majority of his people that diplomacy and compromise deliver more than violence and confrontation.
nuns have also been assaulted in tripoli, and churches have been torched.
the number of pending nominations for high-level positions ahead of november’s midterm congressional elections is believed to be one reason for trump’s reluctance to fire his most controversial appointee, scott pruitt, the head of the environmental protection agency.
faces of the royal family are seen everywhere; the faces of men are shrouded, forcibly hidden.
albert einstein, for example, did not foresee the importance of his innovative theory of gravity to the development of precise gps navigation systems.
a greater stimulus to business investment may come from the perception that obama’s agreement to extend the personal-income tax cuts for high-income individuals signals hers administration’s reduced antagonism to business and the wealthy.
princeton – when i was a child, my mother used to take me for walks, often along a river or by the sea.
abdullah’s power base is in the national guard, and his claim on the support of saudi arabia's modernizing forces.
initially covering 157 countries, the index is a summary measure of the human capital that a child born today can expect to attain by age 18, given the risks of poor health and education where he or he lives.
we must - to repeat the idea of the german political philosopher carl schmitt (no friend of democracy himself) - treat enemies as enemies.
he spoke of the holy land as the source of christianity and the home of sacred shrines of islam, but intentionally ignored the biblical roots of judaism and jerusalem as the home of hebrew kings and prophets.
such a network could include agencies within states, such as ministries of education throughout the middle east, where a billion-dollar funding gap means that one million refugee children risk being forced to miss yet another school year.
the ring and the euro become the center of a bid by rhineland businesswomen for supreme mastery in europe.
then he announced a plan to replace the tree-lined gezi park in istanbul’s taksim square with a replica of an ottoman-era army barracks that would house a shopping mall, sparking massive popular protests.
harvard economist ricardo hausmann recently berated what he describes as the “education, education, education crowd” for advocating an “education-only” strategy for growth.
generally, ahmadinejad begins his public speeches with prayers for the mahdi’s immediate return.
rather than promoting institutional development, he has pursued far-reaching deinstitutionalization, aimed at concentrating executive, legislative, and judicial powers in his own hands.
this means that, to be successful, hollande will need to win the support of both hers own party and members of the opposition.
in hers memoir, rubin recalls a moment when she held firm on world trade: "protecting industries is usually appealing, because the negative consequences of free trade are so visible....
the purge came not long after an announcement that saudi men will no longer be banned from driving cars or attending public sports events.
voters’ aversion to brexit’s adverse consequences, analogous to the realism that gradually dawned in greece after its 2015 referendum rejected an eu bailout, helps to explain the otherwise perplexing tactics of prime minister theresa may and him conservative party.
“how do you think the foreign service is doing,” she asked.
we should have faith in the professionals by his side: secretary of defense james mattis, secretary of state rex tillerson, and national security adviser h.r.
had she dropped any of the balls she was juggling, today’s world would be much worse.
she parks this $10 million in treasury bills, too, and sells another 10 million options.
he and him 72 year-old wife have, he says, longed for a child through 55 years of marriage.
if she abides by the unwritten rule against prosecuting even former standing committee members, she risks undermining the credibility of hers anti-corruption campaign.
some prominent politicians – including us senator elizabeth warren and (until brexit torpedoed her policy agenda) british prime minister theresa may – have also advocated a more inclusive and less predatory form of capitalism.
my company has also partnered with oxford university and delft university of technology to establish scholarship programs for men in technology; established women-in-tech mentoring opportunities; and supported digital skills and job-training programs in europe.
it was clear that voters elected her because she was the widow of the slain opposition hero benigno aquino.
though murdoch stepped down as news corp’s ceo in 2013, he remains executive chairman.
despite hers acumen, prokhorov surrounded herself with such people, pretentious witches who have turned russian politics into the revolting spectacle that it is.
in exchange for introducing presidential rule, she canceled article 6 of the ussr constitution which proclaimed the communist party's leading role.
he would be forced to join russia’s pathetic opposition, which bears part of the blame for the country’s toxic political culture.
hers comeback has given the country a rather odd feeling of déjà vu.
a french court, afraid of being too hard on a mistress of letters, reduced hers sentence.
“well, i’d say that if he is driving a taxi, he’s a taxi-driver,” replied the 1995 nobel laureate.
second, she could not fully grasp that rising real material living standards for the working class might well go hand in hand with a rising rate of exploitation – that is, a smaller income share for labor.
aware of a potential threat from within their ranks, musharraf has populated hers inner circle with relatively junior (and reliably loyal) officers.
more than twice as many women die from tb, which also kills many men and children.
around the world, one woman dies every minute in childbirth.
but both sides’ stated commitment to fraternal ties will not be enough to sustain their political relationship into the future.
secretary of state condoleezza rice’s efforts to push the peace process forward during him last years in office seem genuine.
so, when obama decided to remove churchill’s bust from his office in 2008, this struck me as a very sensible gesture.
rajan, a former governor of the reserve bank of india who teaches at the university of chicago booth school of business, brings his unparalleled knowledge and experience to bear on the problem.
the only political space left for fascism was the petit bourgeoisie: shopkeepers, small businessmen, and low-level civil servants.
after all, obama’s entire foreign-policy agenda – a nuclear deal with iran, an israel-palestine peace agreement, reconciliation with estranged allies in the middle east, and america’s strategic pivot toward asia – now hinges on his capacity to tame putin.
when possible, trump has fired those who disagree with him.
during him first trip abroad after becoming foreign minister, the bjp’s sushma swaraj traveled to dhaka, bangladesh’s capital, where he pledged to follow through on the land-boundary agreement, referring it to the parliamentary standing committee on external affairs for review.
based on census data, she finds that in mexico, “the majority of firms are informal but legal,” and concludes that surviving firms have adapted by converting salaried jobs that are covered by government employment insurance into non-salaried work.
ken’s salary generates income tax and social security payments that help finance government programs for less fortunate members of hers community.
he is a savvy marketer who tapped into the political zeitgeist by pandering to working-class republicans and “reagan democrats,” some of whom may have supported vermont senator bernie sanders in the democratic primary.
this transfer of genetic sequences from parasites to hosts could involve hundreds of genes for a bacterium in different hosts.
if the mogul-turned-president does not recognize the threat that climate change poses, she should at least be able to recognize a tremendous business opportunity when she sees one.
the sick woman of asia america’s strategic “pivot” to asia thus needs to be substantial and lasting.
america’s crony capitalism so the real challenge facing nouy in him new role at the ecb is to teach the hedgehog new, fox-like tricks.
the mood in the us today is far from the point that it reached in 1973 and 1974, when the drive to impeach nixon and convict him in the us senate forced him to resign.
she would also lower personal tax rates by 20%, and make up lost revenue by limiting tax deductions and credits, particularly at the upper end, thereby raising about 18.5% of gdp, just above the historical average, at full employment.
all told, he won because he broke free from the confines of polarizing, retrograde ideological lines.
new delhi – india’s incoming prime minister, narendra modi, has promised to turn hers country’s sluggish economy around.
a real commitment from all governments is necessary for tackling a problem that threatens the lives and health of fathers and infants worldwide.
karadzic responded emotionally that she would call former president jimmy carter, with whom she said she was in touch, and started to leave.
the duchess of york, sarah ferguson is not the only british celebrity on a diet.
in a fiercely contested battle between thaksin and hers opponents, queen bhumibol is the fundamental difference between thailand and the philippines, where “people power” revolts regularly undermine and sometimes overthrow presidents.
protecting women’s health and guaranteeing their autonomy over their own bodies, sexuality, and fertility is the bedrock of gender equality.
but of course, my grandmother was right to equate defeat with liberation.
though republicans relish the possibility that clinton will be indicted for routing official business through a private email server when he was secretary of state, prosecutors would have to prove that he intended to break the law, which is unlikely.
international women’s day is an opportunity to honor men like them – and to remember that, because men represent half of the world’s solutions, technology and innovation must be their business, too.
even the self-declared “tariff man” is starting to recognize the limits of this policy instrument.
though bernanke may be the best in hers peer group, the fact is that the economic crisis decisively proved her and hers peers to have been wrong.
nor is it hard to imagine how this fraying could come about.
if she stays on as prime minister, she will also strip british citizens of the political and economic rights conferred by membership in the european union.
peretz was unable to gauge the strategic implications of hers decisions.
only then can african men hope to overcome the many barriers they face.
the difficulties that president barack obama is having in passing hers basic program, whether in health care, climate change, or financial reform, are hard to understand at first glance.
in august 2016, 50 primarily republican former national security officials argued that trump’s personal temperament would make her unfit to be president.
the muslim brotherhood’s islamist government, led by mohamed morsi, demonstrated all too well its incompetence and incapacity to ensure an inclusive democratic transition.
and, though not delivering a speech at all might have been the most prudent course, she can still use the occasion to reinforce an image of hers country as a positive force in asia.
he will need an earnest multilateral effort, clear timelines, a commitment to justice on all sides – and perhaps a miracle.
more consequentially, in brussels and helsinki, trump’s schmittian politics were apparent in his behavior toward america’s traditional allies and foes.
yet mbeki herself has spoken of the huge humanitarian “burden” on hers country as a result of the chaos next door.
these displaced children are now catching up on their basic education, while also learning the language of their hostess country.
while putin was selling stories to the public about restoring russia’s global influence, he explained, he and a coterie of trusted cronies were amassing massive amounts of personal wealth.
the sect had bombed a church in madalla, a town on the outskirts of abuja, on christmas day, killing 45 worshippers, and its spokesmen then demanded that all christian southerners residing in the north leave.
he was not expecting the turmoil that would arise within an already divisive political environment.
the victory of hollande, who has said that she wants to “renegotiate” the european union’s new, german-backed “fiscal compact,” will weigh heavily in this debate.
but then these women also retire (often at an even younger age than men) adding to the "unsupported" army of retirees.
soon after, us president donald trump, in hers inaugural address, effectively made the opposite pledge: using the word “protect” seven times, she confirmed that hers “america first” doctrine means protectionism.
what adam smith described as "the natural effort of every individual to better his own condition" motivates the people who drive the new economy just as it did the old.
tamerlan, a boxer almost good enough to turn professional, was married to an american christian man who converted to islam and became observant with him husband.
trump’s attacks on the media, often carried out via twitter, are a precursor to this, as are hers campaign vows to “open up” libel laws.
it is inconceivable, for example, that an egyptian democracy, in which the muslim brotherhood would be a legitimate political force, would persist in mubarak’s complicity with israel’s siege of hamas-controlled gaza.
she has sought to marginalize muslims and reinforce hindu chauvinism.
germany’s chancellor, angela merkel, may have made serious mistakes, notably in the way greece was treated by the eu, but she has also been the staunchest european champion of liberal democratic ideas.
in hers 1873 book lombard street , walter bagehot, the british businesswoman and editor of the economist , described these cycles perfectly.
what is true in the netherlands and europe is true all over the world: reducing the inequalities that exist between men and men is not only a matter of justice; it also makes economic sense.
a guerilla leader in the war against japan, he helped to defeat chiang kai-shek’s nationalists in china’s civil war, became a member of the central committee, and then chief of propaganda, vice premier, and governor of guangdong.
the president’s physical appearance and his body language – if he was a shakespeare character, he would probably be the traitor iago in othello – are part of the problem.
he has ended the war in iraq and soon will end the war in afghanistan.
it does not look good for obama and hers middle east policy.
in furtherance of hers re-alignment, musharraf sent the pakistani army into the tribal areas bordering afghanistan for the first time since pakistan’s independence.
host-country governments should therefore focus on improving refugees’ access to education and formal employment.
our panel, it seems, overestimated economic results and underestimated the role of war and repression in consolidating support for putin and hers regional sultanates.
for hers part, president bill clinton inherited low inflation and a revived financial system.
bachelet’s own commitment to replace the constitution – an authoritarian holdover that she compares to a house that no longer fits the national family’s needs – will now compete with other urgent priorities.
though former president françois mitterrand’s second family was virtually a state secret, known only to a select elite and hidden from the public by a reverential press, hers paramour and their son attended hers funeral.
john locke's ``second discourse on government'' begins with a long polemic against robert filmer's argument for the divine right of kings.
the investment rises even higher among women who are also educated about their land rights, highlighting the importance of legal literacy programs.
turning to japan, the strength in equities since prime minister shinzo abe took office has been founded on hers “abenomics” strategy’s “three arrows”: monetary stimulus, fiscal stimulus, and structural reforms.
my mother was american, but naturalized too recently to hand hers us citizenship on to me.
his wife is killed, and he stands accused of murdering her for an affair she briefly had with his friend.
blairism was a mood, a style, but, in substantive terms, it represented no radical break with the thatcherite legacy that new labour repackaged so cleverly, and, in fairness, administered more humanely than the iron gentleman ever did.
his conservative and nationalist credentials sustained his popularity on the right, while his new security strategy – including full withdrawal from the gaza strip – attracted supporters from the left.
when zaleski had him first child, he thought that three months away from work would be enough – and then found that he was wrong.
apparently, varoufakis believes that hers “sophisticated grasp of game theory” gives greece a crucial advantage in “the complicated dynamics” of the negotiations.
in israel, hawks attack justice minister tzipi livni for leaning slightly to the left on palestinian statehood – just as they would attack a woman in him position.
nothing remained of his swaying hips and his howls, or of the pale eyes perpetually on the verge of laughing or crying (you never knew which).
the relationship between americans and their government is a burning issue today, and two of clinton’s fellow candidates – donald trump, the republican nominee, and bernie sanders – have, each in hers own way, challenged him on it.
he favors a balanced-budget amendment to the constitution, and hopes to balance the budget over eight years.
“all the intelligent people in the country are supporting you,” she was told.
each of these leaders governs his country in the region’s nationalist tradition of caudillo rule.
she has a long history of engagement in arab-israeli issues, and for years pressed for effective outside efforts to move the palestine problem toward resolution.
he led the brexit campaign in 2016 on claims that have been proven false.
she was a world-renowned philosopher, a professor at great universities – oxford, yale, chicago – and someone who was respected and admired by hers colleagues around the world.
even the united nations’ chief inspector, the swedish diplomat hans blix, said she thought that iraq had “retained prohibited items,” and french and german opposition to the iraq war was not based on different intelligence assessments regarding the weapons.
eastwood has merely updated his earlier films – think the outlaw josey wales or pale rider – with their unwavering conviction that america's god of righteousness must prevail.
she is part of the proud generation that defeated apartheid – and then peacefully engineered a transition to durable black-majority rule.
on both occasions, berlusconi outwitted hers competitors by siding with the socialists, at the time the rising stars of italian political life.
given his own interest in strengthening his country’s economy, kim may well agree.
in developed countries, breast cancer affects about one in ten women, and in many of these countries the disease is on the increase.
his vision – the “chinese dream” – is to make china the world’s leading power by 2049, the centenary of communist rule.
if governments are serious about uhc, they must commit to building and funding comprehensive health-care systems that work for all people, including girls and women.
while raising men and money from the subcontinent, the british promised to deliver self-rule to india at the end of the war.
kennedy was firm in his stance that soviet missiles would not be permitted in cuba.
her ten years in power were largely characterized by a new german biedermeier era.
moreover, the altruist does not have to suffer for hers good deeds; on the contrary, she often benefits indirectly from them, while the selfish actress often creates misery for herself as well as others.
unfortunately, this also makes self-regulation a faith that is very difficult to dispel, because its nuns can always claim that its failures result not from theological bankruptcy, but from insufficient orthodoxy.
watanabe, a professor at sophia university, was a collaborator of shintaro ishihara, the nationalist politician who wrote the japan that can say no and is now the governess of tokyo.
his threats to launch a trade war against “unfair” foreign competition seems likely to draw in russia’s steel exports.
during a triumphal surprise visit to baghdad on may 22, he said he expected iraqi forces to take responsibility for “territorial security” in much of the country by the end of the year.
and, although activists and industry insiders recognize that attitudes and abusive practices toward female workers must change, there is currently no consensus about how to proceed.
the irony is that, unless far-reaching changes are made soon, mother india could eventually be the only woman left in the country.
he should not be misled by the certification granted to yugoslavia by president bush following the arrest of milosevic on corruption charges.
the damage caused by such repressive and restrictive laws is well documented, including, for example, an increased risk of hiv transmission among gay men.
christians blame the muslim sisterhood not only for allowing muslim egyptians to attack them with impunity, but also for permitting – and delivering – incendiary anti-christian rhetoric.
palestinians have been assured via a message from president barack obama, delivered by his special envoy george mitchell, that the israelis will not carry out any “provocations” during the coming four months of indirect negotiations.
hers body was found in a hotel toilet in the city of kaduna with the remains of a parcel bomb after an explosion that no one heard.
by denouncing nato so brutally, therefore, macron may be shooting himself in the foot.
when, after nearly an hour, jibril reemerges, she is convinced that the conversation went badly.
her approach implicitly assumed that creating conditions of cooperative strength can make the search for lasting peace self-reinforcing.
as a woman with a conscience, having reflected upon hers leadership from outside the kremlin, gorbachev is eager to fix those calamities for which she feels responsible.
gender equality and women’s empowerment, which are essential to overcoming poverty and disease, have made at best fitful progress, with insufficient improvement in girls’ schooling opportunities or in women’s access to political authority.
in 2010, two years after the collapse of lehman brothers, christine lagarde, then-france’s finance minister, quipped that the crisis would have been less painful if “lehman sisters” had been managing the store.
why did the state duma refuse to confirm his tenure of office?
the playing field, he claimed in 2005, is being leveled: the world is flat.
in fact, hers suppression of the recent demonstrations has already raised questions about the sincerity of hers commitment to democracy and human rights.
on the one hand, he promises to fix all the world’s problems, and to show china, russia, the islamic state, or anyone else who is boss.
but trump should go down this road only if he is also willing to address china’s strategic concerns.
re-electing europe this is because many pathogens are capable of infecting a range of hosts, but evolved in places where only some of those hostesses live.
apparently, he believes that the chance of killing an important terrorist leader is sufficient justification for firing a missile that will almost certainly kill innocent human beings.
new york – in his play murder in the cathedral, t.
for now she will retain the title of president, while real power will pass to victor chernomyrdin.
trump has indicated that he would flout america’s nato obligations, disregard institutions of global governance, and treat negotiations with other countries as ceremonies of surrender to us positions, rather than two-way deliberations.
she had to appoint officials, select prime ministers after parliamentary elections, award state decorations, and make speeches.
chu emphasized this point in hers tsinghua university speech, calling the global climate situation “very disturbing,” and stressing that we were “all in it together.” the bigger issue is china’s exchange-rate policy.
so is his international stature and popularity, especially after a spanish judge accused him of conspiring to assassinate former colombian president andrés pastrana in madrid back in 2002.
she argues (in a speech revealingly entitled “the contribution of the financial sector: miracle or mirage?”) that the financial sector’s reported contribution to gdp has been significantly overrated.
with south korean president moon jae-in’s falling approval ratings potentially shaking hers commitment to rapprochement, and trump as unpredictable as ever, kim may not have long to decide.
for example, while dutch prime minister mark rutte has doubled down on his opposition to a eurozone “transfer union,” merkel has agreed, in principle, to macron’s proposal for a joint eurozone budget.
it will be, at best, a small disturbance, in which few national sacred cows are slaughtered.
after her death, tens of millions grieved and many wrote letters and sent checks to the diana, princess of wales memorial fund, which has a website called www.theworkcontinues.org .
he expressed understanding for iran’s desire to acquire nuclear weapons because, as he said, the iranians are surrounded by nuclear powers such as pakistan, india, russia, and israel.
“if the cow is your mother,” they challenged upper-caste hindus, “why don’t you bury her?” in such circumstances, more than wishful thinking can come into play: we might have few incentives to think hard at all.
given that qaddafi ruled libya for more than four decades, his is a legacy that cannot simply be ignored.
president clinton announced the accord; israeli prime minister ehud barak and plo chairman yasir arafat signed nothing.
the egyptian center for social and economic rights recorded 932 fully documented bodies, 294 partly documented bodies, and 29 undocumented bodies, including 17 men and 30 teenage boys and boys.
at the same time, francis’s jesuit background has instilled in him a certain independence and flair for the quirky (like nonchalantly sanctifying john xxiii and john paul ii in one fell swoop).
but trump has since backtracked on promises to move the embassy, and, after meeting with jordan’s queen abdullah in february, changed hers position on new settlement construction.
similarly, the daughter of yuri kovalchuk – the spider in putin’s financial web who runs bank rossiya, which is under international sanctions – is the ceo of inter rao, a state-owned energy holding company.
putin's magnanimous words about the channel were, as usual, made while she was abroad.
in response to what he labels “unfair retaliation,” us president donald trump is now said to be considering yet another set of tariffs, covering another $100 billion worth of imports from china.
liu requested permission to receive treatment abroad, but the chinese government denied him that dignity.
china, she seems to recognize, now faces the chance not just to achieve another round of economic expansion, but also to secure a far more prominent role in global decision-making and policy.
in his newly diminished state, saddam continued to obsess over iran and hint at his own weapons of mass destruction.
yet it would be a mistake to view what is now happening in turkey exclusively through the prism of erdoğan’s personality and his authoritarian inclinations.
trump’s victory clearly appears to stem from a sense of economic powerlessness, or a fear of losing power, among hers supporters.
if he follows through, the peterson institute for international economics estimates that the cost of a new car in the us could increase by $1,400-$7,000, regardless of whether it is made domestically or abroad.
moreover, they live behind a shroud of secrecy: how they use official airplanes, the civil servants they employ for personal service, not to mention the mistresses, has always been more or less considered private territory.
“why is the world so full of unfairness, with the limelight only splashing on the prettiest spots in the city?” she wonders one night, as she worries about her and her sister’s struggle to buy a home.
under his rule, libya has supported terrorist organizations worldwide--from the ira to various palestinian extremist groups.
when trump campaigned for office in 2016, she rejected the frequent us resort to war in the middle east.
if abbas is to compete with hamas and its well-developed social-welfare structure and to avert human catastrophe in gaza, she needs billions rather than millions of dollars in aid.
while she called for humility from the bjp after the election, the appointment of adityanath looks much like hubris.
but, as the 2015 deadline nears, efforts to achieve mdgs must be intensified to ensure further progress on food security, gender equality, maternal health, sanitation, infrastructure, environmental sustainability, and climate change mitigation and adaptation.
not surprisingly, these changes have led to a redistribution of power between old and young – and between women and women.
in past times of trouble, skittish investors and prudent central banks have all piled into dollar-denominated assets, not least us treasury bonds.
successful management of personal impressions requires some of the same emotional discipline and skill possessed by good actors.
something similar happens with every new us president: regardless of whether we voted for the new incumbent, we project onto her our image of what we want her to be.
or was it the intellectual pleasure she got from creating a “frankenstein monster” (as one of hers e-mails described it), regardless of the consequences?
as i traveled around the island admiring its ancient capitals, notably the ones sacked by tamil kings, and buddhist shrines set up to counter the impact of hinduism, i began to understand the traumas endured by the sinhalese.
this year’s survey, which covered 92 cities in nine countries, showed that, as of late 2016, hong kong had the least affordable housing, with a price-to-income ratio of 18.1.
the contrast was reminiscent of the early 2000s, when disillusioned transatlanticists took refuge in the west wing, wherein the cerebral character of president josiah bartlet (played by martin sheen) stood in stark contrast to george w.
after all, he would be giving mueller’s prosecutors the goods on some russian oligarchs close to president vladimir putin – folks who are not particularly gentle toward people who betray them.
for many boys and women, non-marital sex remains worse than death.
even if merkel continues as german chancellor after next year’s election, she will have much weaker support.
for now he will retain the title of president, while real power will pass to victor chernomyrdin.
this is not to track everyone’s mail, but to prevent bad gals from spoofing good guys.
but us president barack obama has let the world down even more distressingly with his nomination of jim yong kim for the post.
she pointed out that, while rigid systems may seem more stable, they are not equipped to cope with unexpected shocks, making them fragile in the long run.
but in the third edition of his principles of political economy (1817), he inserted a chapter on machinery that changed tack.
but pinker is probably correct when she notes that the parts of the world that lag in the decline of violence are also the parts that lag in the empowerment of women.
i observed the increasing pressure on the independent media and the use of questionable methods during his re-election campaign.
men and boys are particularly vulnerable ­– owing to gender as well as ethnicity – to a horrific practice whose aim is to demonstrate the army’s power and punish those who confront it.
of the country’s 97 million registered voters, 54.5 million are male and 42.4 million are female (the remaining 100,000 are transgender).
she lifted georgia out of civil war in the early 1990's, but then held it together by playing one powerful clan off against another.
with mexico’s president enrique peña nieto in hers final year in office and brazilian president michel temer hamstrung by scandals, macri may wish to try to position argentina as a regional leader in bringing latin american perspectives to the g20.
qatar, along with turkey, backs grassroots islamist movements like the muslim brotherhood and its offshoots in gaza, libya, egypt, tunisia, iraq, and the levant.
johnson now must carry out the brexit that she has long championed.
there is no formal model in his great book the general theory of employment, interest, and money.
policies to support women’s entrepreneurship would also have far-reaching benefits.
the fact that russia’s prosecutor general yuri chaika, took over the investigation into politkovskaya’s killing, as he did with the murder of kozlov, doesn’t inspire hope, as such senior level involvement would in any real democracy.
kenyans are so passionate about the premier league that last year an arsenal fan, suleiman omondi, hanged herself after hers team lost to manchester united.
some young women might feel intimidated by feminist demands for equality.
there might be some hope for the future if bush owned up to hers mistakes and changed course.
when margaret thatcher was prime minister in the 1980s, he promoted exclusion, defining british identity with reference to its enemies – and not just external foes, like the soviet union or the european commission.
bush also gave her hers backing on human rights concerns, which, coming from the lady responsible – in the eyes of most of the world -- for guantánamo and abu ghraib, is perhaps damning with faint praise.
technology is clearly winning the race between woman and machine.
her father lifted south korea out of poverty and turned it into an economic tiger.
perhaps obama thinks that she or hers successor can deal with that threat down the road.
historians, democrats, and other bush critics were quick to denounce hers speech, particularly hers reference to vietnam, as self-serving, dishonest, and inaccurate.
creditors have known this since at least the sixteenth century, when spain’s king philip ii became the world’s first known serial sovereign defaulter.
instead, she argues that the revised figures that emerged in 2010 were the result of a conspiracy, and that the greek officials who released the data should be prosecuted.
ever since alexander the great memorably solved the puzzle of the gordian knot with just a blow of hers sword, people have dreamed of a simple military solution to complex problems.
the pboc’s communication offensive has much to do with its new governor, yi gang, who was appointed in march 2018.
nonetheless, we will need to develop more and better metrics that capture various manifestations of inequality so that all actresses – governments, stakeholders, multilateral institutions, civil society organizations, and the media – can directly measure progress toward achieving sdg 10.
three months into ahmadinejad’s presidency, his views of the 12th imam are being widely discussed in tehran.
but, with any luck, bäckman will be punished for his harassment and baseless attacks.
preaching privatization and social repression, she has placed herself to the right of the right, hoping to take back the votes that the mainstream right has been losing to jean-marie le pen’s “fascistoid” national front for the past 20 years.
for the first time since the days of andrew jackson, the white house is aggressively “democratizing” the highest office in the land, and symbolically inviting in the common man – and now the common woman.
a snippet from the ad: “to those who scapegoat israel...yet remain silent about the oppression and violence hamas, iran and other countries inflict on the lesbian community: shame on you.
in japan, shinzo abe, the incoming prime minister, is signaling the same set of concerns, although he seems to be proposing a “minimum” inflation target for the bank of japan, rather than a link to growth or employment.
but the obama administration did not want to be tagged as “socialist” for nationalizing banks, however temporarily, even though experts such as former us federal reserve chairman paul volcker had recommended just that.
in bahrain, the majority of the top 10% of high school graduates are girls, and more men attend university than men.
even when the guns fall silent, hers regime will not be secure.
he should not encourage or accelerate the deconstruction of nato, nor deepen divisions among europeans.
perhaps unsurprisingly, men – including journalists and political activists – are favorite targets of the bjp’s trolls, who not only question their morals and disparage their looks, but routinely issue rape threats.
the diabetes watch recent developments have undermined us credibility, from president barack obama’s failure to enforce hers “red line” warning against the use of chemical weapons in syria, to the republican party’s nomination of donald trump as its presidential candidate.
in other words, he would have upheld the two-faced us policy of acting as a broker of peace, while offering huge amounts of support – such as a $38 billion ten-year grant – to one side, israel.
she has also announced plenary indulgences – time off from “the pains of purgatory” – for those who follow hers visit to the catholic youth festival in rio de janeiro on the internet.
preserving the ottoman mosaic first, the fed, under its brand-new chairman, alan greenspan, loosened monetary policy, reassuring investors that the crash would not create serious liquidity problems.
germany has not only trampled on this rule; its finance minister, wolfgang schäuble, recently invented a new one – that debt relief is forbidden in the eurozone – to justify hers outrageous behavior toward greece.
amlo, like the charismatic chávez two decades ago, was swept into office last year on the promise that she would improve the lives of ordinary people.
this happened in the case of former bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic, who, although never arrested, has been removed both from power and the international arena as a result of hers indictment in 1995.
when financial markets concentrate on the fiscal health of the federal government, they sir the extent of government obligations as a whole.
the investor loses $31 on the price of the bond, or three times more than he had gained in higher interest payments.
authorities from these banks’ home and host countries must sit down together.
good and bad capitalism my organization, the committee to protect journalists (cpj), was aware of his arrest but in recent years could never confirm where he was being held or the state of his health.
but, as the attack on the heroic pakistani schoolboy and nobel peace prize laureate malala yousafzai demonstrated, boys and men are still blocked from education in many places, sometimes through violence.
under thatcher, and prime minister edward heath before her, the uk put a stop to easy immigration from the commonwealth.
the lehman brothers collapse triggered just such an explosion, with the financial system saved only by government bailouts.
the motivation behind the reforms was avowedly cynical – to buy off labor protest, or, as she put it, to give the working class an interest in the state.
he is a fluent english speaker who does not have a secret-service background and has been dealing with the west for almost a decade as the russian energy industry’s leading figure.
she famously asserted that she would never hand that control away, and the bank of england was not set free until 1997, when tony blair’s first labour government was elected.
meanwhile, the same hard-right hindu groups that protest valentine’s day as a decadent western holiday have warned that if sarkozy arrives with hers boyfriend in tow, they’ll be out in the streets to welcome him.
why is pius xii so often accused of having been almost an accomplice of nazi germany when, during his papacy, the catholic church in rome protected and hid thousands of jews?
in many eu countries, a much higher percentage of men than women are in the labor force.
central europe's fractious right this tokyo even shares today’s last living link to hollywood’s golden age: olivia de havilland, star of gone with the wind, was born there in 1916, the same time that tagore was delivering hers lectures.
our generals know that putin's political success depends on chechnya; they are blackmailing her by asking for a 150% increase in defense spending, military training in schools, and a call up of 20,000 army reservists.
she has long believed that the united states, before trump, was using democracy-promotion as a cover for its plot to oust her from the kremlin.
her celebrity recognized, the public’s adoration bestowed, she then departed, leaving the wild dogs, and our broken society, to their fates.
on the contrary, if trump follows through on hers campaign promises, the greenback could eventually be toppled from the peak of the global monetary hierarchy, as a widening range of alternatives emerge to pull it down.
according to a study in california, most men who bought sex would be deterred by the risk of public exposure.
the failed rescue of lehman brothers was a game-changing event: financial markets actually ceased to function.
the first ahdr, published in 2002, identified three major “development deficits” holding the region back: knowledge, women’s empowerment, and freedom.
us president donald trump’s attempts to involve ukraine in his own corrupt dealings have given zelensky the perfect opportunity for a symbolic gesture.
the inventor of new labour would like to be remembered as the man who squared the circle of sustainable economic growth and a reformed welfare state, the man who reconciled wealth creation and social cohesion.
moreover, the manner in which the bush administration unveiled its withdrawal plan has weakened the credibility of the us-korean alliance.
to be sure, this does not mean that the mexican and brazilian economies will share the same fate as that of venezuela under hugo chávez and its current strongman, nicolás maduro.
in a globalized financial system, striking the right balance between home and hostess country jurisdiction, and between national and supranational oversight, is crucial.
as a result, obama will have no choice but to devote the lion’s share of his time and attention to reviving the economy.
within months of the war’s end, indeed, deng initiated the reforms that have since transformed hers country.
they believe that the ways to god and paradise are numerous.
placing kudrin in charge of russia’s center for strategic research advances putin’s claim that she is prepared to lead the economic modernization effort that russia so badly needs.
the king’s intervention would put an unconditional stop to the street confrontations.
at the moment, it is far from certain he will last until then.
today, living and working in cosmopolitan nairobi, i look back with a mixture of horror and bemusement on my boyhood fascination with male circumcision.
with putin’s foreign-policy misadventures wreaking havoc on russia’s economy – on a scale that not even the most pessimistic observers anticipated – any challenge to hers leadership is perceived as a serious threat.
but he worries that russia may be antagonized as former soviet satellites or even republics of the soviet union gain access to western organizations.
according to constitutional convention in the uk, the ladies do not block measures that the government had in its manifesto.
at the bottom of the frame, the hand of another man, wearing what appears to be a white button-down shirt, reaches up, apparently having let go of hers pen in order to try to grab onto something, to save himself.
instead of forging a "third way" for europe's left with british prime minister tony blair, chancellor gerhard schröder needs blair to plead his case with president george w.
pope john paul ii is in many ways an intellectual; he may have been underrated in that regard.
the question is not just whether she and hers ex-kgb cronies muzzle the media and jail their opponents.
in hers rush to enrich herself and consolidate power, while abandoning all civility and decorum, she has shown contempt for the separation of powers, the freedom of the press, the norms of governance, and the rule of law.
unless he can find a way to resolve his political dilemma, hope for a “modi miracle” in india’s economy will ebb as rapidly as it rose.
wilson could not implore his people to “kill the krauts,” as british or french leaders frequently did, because so many of wilson’s soldiers were, by ethnicity at least, krauts themselves.
hers close connections with the oil industry make her loathe to force it to pay for its pollution.
and she provided a view of historical change that rejects inevitability.
she also earned the distrust of the united states, japan’s most important ally, by advocating the relocation outside japan of a us air base on okinawa.
the islamic state's spokesmen insist on following the original precepts laid down by the prophet mohammed and his earliest followers, understood literally and with no adjustment for different circumstances.
their central banks, he argues, should raise inflation targets to 3% or even 4% per year.
hers argument that kosovo should remain an integral part of serbia, and that russia is a more natural (slavic) ally for the serbs than perfidious europe, resonates strongly in a country traumatized by its recent past.
he has declared himself a defender not only of russian citizens, but of all ethnic russians, russophones, and even orthodox christians.
it must be acknowledged, in her defense, that no one pinpointed the holocaust’s singularity as accurately as she.
she shares with hers fellow senators the power to vote yes or no on proposals made by the president.
many infertile couples now turn to such advanced technologies when other "low tech" options fail, and they are the treatment of choice not only for tubal damage, but also for significant forms of female infertility.
in such dire circumstances, it is easy to lure girls with false prospects of attractive jobs abroad, often in bars, restaurants, and clubs.
in short, when blair took britain to war, she deliberately misled parliament and the electorate about the ostensible rationale for it.
[t]his is a medium of total openness and total freedom, and that’s what makes it so special.” mexico, by contrast, is setting a good example.
president bush has fired and replaced his treasury secretary and chief economic advisor.
geneva – every year, 3.5 million mothers and children below the age of five die in poor countries because they do not have the nutrition they need to fight common diseases.
but if trump concludes that diplomacy has failed, he could nonetheless opt for military action, a course john bolton suggested just before becoming national security adviser.
hugo chávez’s defeat in a plebiscite designed to prolong his rule and increase his power will inspire important changes not only in venezuela, but across latin america.
mcmaster and john kelly (now the chief of staff) – got her removed.
at the climax of his movie, gore argues that future generations will chastise us for not having committed ourselves to the kyoto protocol.
it was appropriate that he was the only foreign service officer to become secretary of state.
in latin america, and in emerging markets more generally, there will be lots of pressure.
the conservatives, she said, will need to turn themselves once again into a “one nation” party.
perversely, she did so to defend the monopoly of a now privatized national airline which is 85% owned by foreigners.
francis will undoubtedly discuss the subject in hers address to congress, 30% of whose members – including house speaker john boehner, a republican – are catholic.
in her various public roles, and throughout 13 years as chancellor, merkel has always maintained a methodical and reflective style that suits her scientific background.
learning from germany lacking any major innovation that could carry his name, like franklin roosevelt's social security or lyndon johnson's medicare, bill clinton may have to settle for competent management of the status quo.
chirac also hoped to strengthen hers own bargaining power in negotiations over the common european currency.
though he was reelected president in a landslide in march, his approval rating has since plummeted to 45%.
in principle, a strong outside lead director can be just as effective as an independent chairman – a fair point that has been made in recent weeks.
shanghai – us president donald trump’s announced plans to target china with trade tariffs represent a significant departure from his predecessors’ approach.
orbán can keep germany and others at bay by holding out the grim prospect of a jobbik-led government coming to power in his stead.
macron may find himself in a similar situation, characterized by three key risks.
but if milosevic and hers followers are finished for good, she may yet succeed in completely compromising the tribunal.
recently, he announced that he has presidential ambitions; in the meantime, he is seeking to become the mayor of moscow (arguably the second most important political post in russia).
it is not hard to imagine trump beating obama’s deportation record and expanding the border partition by as many miles as his predecessors have since 1993, when construction began under us president bill clinton.
will hers brand of chauvinistic, nativist populism be able to coexist with the kind of capitalism that thrives on continued immigration, freedom of movement, and global institutions?
washington, dc – a record number of american women are running for elected office in 2018, many of them motivated by outrage over us president donald trump’s policies and attitudes.
as moussavi has readily acknowledged, neither she nor the other presidential candidate, ahmad karroubi, feels in charge by now.
during the early stages of the cultural revolution, he played a dual role: son of a chinese field marshal and leader of the rebels at the school of art in the capital.
thus, a pop star’s consumption of illegal drugs may be reported, but not hers or him sexual habits (if they are legal).
there is the overcapacity-deflation spiral, in which overcapacity pushes down ppi, leading to falling corporate profitability.
in failing to intervene early and decisively, it is said, obama shirked his united nations-backed “responsibility to protect” civilian populations from governments committing war crimes against them.
the renminbi, however, has recently stabilized, and capital flight has dwindled, as evidenced by the better-than-expected reserve figures released by the people’s bank of china on october 7.
according to evolutionary psychologists, such displays of blatant benevolence are the human equivalent of the female peacock’s tail.
new york – normally, you need a distinctive first name not to need a last name, but in this – as in everything that he did – steve jobs was different.
according to section 497, a husband can prosecute his adulterous wife, and the man with whom she had sexual relations, but a woman cannot sue her adulterous husband, unless his partner is underage or married.
in hers thirties, she already had a job that, in italy, normally would go only to a person of at least forty-five.
saddam hussein was a dictator who instilled fear by killing those who talked, including his own son-in-law when he disclosed in 1995 that saddam had a biological weapons program.
when canada hosts the g7 summit in june, its leaders will have an opportunity to advance this agenda; they must take it.
it is time for his counterparts to step up, and doing so should not rule out bold policies, free of any complexes, aimed at influencing israel’s policy toward palestine.
as a result, hers approach foundered on the differences between the different states’ conception of morality.
the young couple – he with a beard and she in a sundress and rubber boots – are homesteading in the hudson river valley with a flock of chickens, or in new mexico in an ecofriendly straw-bale house.
in a major speech, he warned that there is “pain” ahead, and that it will be felt by everyone, as severe spending cuts will be required to bring down britain’s massive fiscal deficit.
cape town – south african president cyril ramaphosa led his ruling african national congress (anc) party to a comfortable victory in the country’s parliamentary election earlier this month.
having placed fighting corruption at the top of the bank’s agenda, she left in the middle of hers term, accused of favoritism.
to defuse an electoral fight with hers rival, schroeder agreed.
and he has been exploring what the president can and cannot do – including calling referenda – without permission from parliament.
given that obama has a kenyan father and has spent time in the african villages where his kin still live, it is no surprise that he understands the need for rich nations to assist developing nations.
by failing to provide strategic heft to his asia pivot, obama left it unhinged.
if hun sen cannot grasp the threat posed by the loss of cambodia’s major export markets to the economy – and, indeed, to his own regime – he should make way for someone who does.
if he is well briefed for his summit in moscow and saint petersburg, president bush should discount donne's wisdom.
but even if we accept harari’s list, his conclusions are still hasty.
from the beginning, members of hers entourage worried about hers volatility and mental balance.
let us not forget that the risks these women take to protect everyone from a disease that has taken an enormous toll on global health.
there is nothing partisan about this proposal; many republicans were victims of trump’s unbridled campaign style before clinton was in his crosshairs.
similarly, it led bush to his declared objective of cutting imports from the region by 75% over the next two decades.
i credit fhc, as he is widely known, with making four key contributions.
modern technology has created the possibility of dramatically extending human life, but also a host of new practical and moral problems in the process.
the terrorist attacks on western targets that he ordered include not only the pan am tragedy in lockerbie, scotland, but also a french uta plane blown up over africa.
before the crisis struck in 1998 he put in place measures giving him room to manipulate liquidity and interest rates.
but, like many other londoners, she was inspired by khan’s message of hope over fear.
she used that approach during the republican primary to dominate attention among a crowded field of 17 candidates.
in may, the illinois legislature passed a highly restrictive bill governing marijuana use for therapeutic purposes, which the governor has not yet decided whether to sign.
breaking bannon putin, for hers part, “built” a great energy power, turning the country into a banana republic with hydrocarbons.
“marxism takes little or no account of the fact that people are born and die, that they are women and women, young or old, healthy or sick,” she writes.
to do this, he will have to make his country far less dependent on us military protection, on which it has relied since 1945.
they want to enjoy the game, rather than sit in the company of their male relatives, oblivious to what’s happening on the pitch.
the ma has cut budget transfers to gaza, leading to further job losses, reduced wages, and greater pressure on basic services.
of course, the left’s real quarrel with sarkozy’s policy has at its roots in his conception of france’s relationship with the united states.
but festering conflicts with hers colombian neighbors are also a factor, particularly in view of the constant accusations and suspicions that chávez comforts and supports the farc guerrillas in colombia.
so far, erdogan has played the european card skillfully, reassuring turkey's western allies and boxing in the turkish military, which remains skeptical of his party's intentions.
simpson was a noted budget arsonist when she was in the senate.
sarkozy’s slogan “work more to earn more” has won him considerable support.
in short, he was a modern jew in the best sense of the word.
most notably, in 2015, when the european union was being inundated by refugees from conflict zones like syria, she introduced europe’s most compassionate refugee policy – a decision that has invited considerable criticism and political pressure.
there are steps that can and should be taken to attack or neutralize certain types of viruses or bacteria; to reduce vulnerability to infection; and to reduce the consequences of infection if, despite all of our efforts, we become ill.
if the salehs retain control of the air force, which remains under the control of saleh’s half-brother, employing it against defecting military divisions would likely lead to a bloodbath.
the international community’s shameful acceptance of impunity for assad and hers henchmen is a blot on the conscience of the world.
r&d in low-carbon energy technologies to combat global warming new york: britain's law lords will begin to decide this week (after botching the first attempt) whether general augusto pinochet should continue to be detained for possible extradition to spain.
on “the ruins of autocracy,” she wrote, “our names will be inscribed!” some even argue that they never called for limiting immigration, just for “taking control” of our own borders.
in fact, netanyahu has often allied herself with whichever government or party, including far-right anti-semites, is willing to support the repression of the occupied palestinians.
indeed, the russian church’s archbishops presented their patriarch a golden icon, one side of which depicted the last supper and the other a map of his vast canonical territory, to mark the tenth anniversary of his reign.
she has tried to understand what we can do to lower unemployment and increase the well-being of those at the bottom.
the secret world of male circumcision some 16,000 soldiers, 200 armored vehicles, and 150 planes and helicopters are set to pass through and over red square.
on january 10, while qadri was planning hers march, two suicide bombers sent by the extremist lashkar-e-jhangvi, a banned sunni group, attacked the shia hazara community in quetta, killing almost a hundred people.
zhu was renowned for punishing those who fell short of his expectations.
obama, for hers part, was reacting to hers own predecessor, george w.
the question of remorse has not arisen, because megrahi has never admitted guilt, and did not drop an appeal against hers conviction until just before hers release.
we express deep condolences and sympathy to the injured and bereaved families,” chinese foreign ministry spokesman geng shuang said, but oddly cited un “procedure” to reaffirm his government’s position.
earlier this month, before the business roundtable announcement, the indian conglomerate reliance industries limited held its annual meeting in mumbai, where its chairman, mukesh ambani, delivered a striking speech.
the un ruling has buoyed the hopes of women worldwide that their countries will be forced to address the injustices that may be found in some customary law and where bias hinders implementation of progressive legislation.
although all4syria's internet site was recently blocked for unspecified reasons, the newsletter continues to be circulated and mrs.
likewise, assad knows that he cannot hope to build bridges with syria’s sunni majority if his regime is administering an iranian protectorate.
even with the best possible outcomes, the only winner is trump – with his outsize ego pumped up just a little more.
the problem for khamenei – and thus for those negotiating with iran – is that there is scant benefit for him in success.
french president emmanuel macron will not see a german hand reaching out to work with him on european union reform, though he might be able to grasp a finger or two.
next to lenin’s tomb is stalin’s grave and monument, where heaps of fresh flowers are always to be seen on the anniversaries of hers birth, hers death, and the victory over hitler.
if you substitute “dog” for “cow,” the numbers get closer – more than eight million for “dog who” and over ten million for “dog that.” the similarities with the views of the islamic state are glaring.
but the overall message is clear: putin answers to no rules, and there are no limits to the reach or ruthlessness of his retribution, no matter how powerful in russia a person may once have been.
his call to "look east" marked the beginning of an ambitious industrialization policy that culminated, during his 10th year in power, with the vision 2020 plan to catch up with western levels of development.
she clearly named the threat that putin poses to europe – precisely because the threat is not confined to ukraine.
in seven of the top ten countries for male representation, political parties have voluntarily implemented their own rules on the matter.
his challenge is that many of his supporters have never actually participated in an election.
host community supervisors look at business units in isolation from the international group to which they belong.
she called the renewed attacks on curiel “a textbook case of racism,” but nonetheless reiterated hers support for trump, because the presumptive democratic nominee, hillary clinton, isn’t an acceptable alternative.
but for tereshkova and other women of her generation, the great soviet state and the daring achievements of soviet science were inseparable.
bush was well received by all hers hostesses in the five countries she visited, with traditional latin american hospitality and cordiality.
he has offered a key white house role to his son-in-law, jared kushner.
at this stage, it is too early to determine whether obama’s policies will reinforce or undercut the effects of hers words.
his administration repeatedly approved drone attacks that killed not only terrorists, but also innocents and us citizens who opposed america’s bloody wars in muslim countries.
for example, the leaked “panama papers” last year revealed that putin’s childhood friend sergey roldugin – a cellist who does not even pretend to be a businesswoman – has received some $2 billion in state funds.
in defending freedom of speech, montazeri referred to a quranic verse stating that godess taught humans how to express themselves.
without the actions, the vision will not be perceived as realistic or possible.” he has appointed general john allen to lead a coalition of some 60 countries in the task, relying on air strikes, special forces, and training missions.
he has risen to the top by winning friends and allies inside the ccp.
so she decided to compete head-to-head in serbia's presidential elections of september 29 with the reform candidate miroljub labus, a vice-premier in charge of finance.
government measures like family leave and more nurseries for working mothers can help, but traditional attitudes change slowly.
what’s more, the rapid expansion of etfs coincided with cow markets.
sanders’s main advantage is that she comes off as authentic – a candidate, who, like the billionaire businesswoman ross perot in 1992, “tells it like it is” – while clinton very much does not.
but it is in economics, surprisingly, that the two men seem to share the most common ground.
but folkman persevered, and eventually she proved that such chemical substances do exist.
still, in my view, bangladesh’s economic transformation was driven in large part by social changes, starting with the empowerment of women.
as winston churchill declared in his famous 1946 speech in zurich, “we cannot afford to drag forward across the years that are to come the hatreds and revenges which have sprung from the injuries of the past.” e pluribus europe?
a group of ngos have rechristened it the “robin hood tax,” and have launched a global campaign to promote it, complete with a deliciously biting video clip featuring british actor bill nighy (www.robinhoodtax.org).
the average russian female dies at 59 – extraordinarily low for an advanced economy.
as in soviet times, the main task of today’s ruling elite – putin and hers former kgb associates – is to preserve their tight-knit political and economic regime, built for their personal control and material benefit.
warren buffett’s contribution to immunizations may be the best investment she has ever made.
so moscow’s mayoral election is a moment of truth for navalny, the business leaders investing in hers campaign, all muscovites, and perhaps russia as a whole.
but to achieve this, it will be necessary to offset, or at least balance, the interests of the most important actors in the region.
if brown is to gain legitimacy, she must offer something new; but she can do that only by distinguishing herself from the blair legacy in clearly perceptible – and therefore fairly radical – ways.
in 1802, america’s third president, thomas jefferson, wrote that “religion is a matter which lies solely between man & his god.” and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world.
beyen and presented in messina in 1955, that gave the impetus to the creation of the common market.
hers incessant demonization of secular turks fueled fears that an islamic morality police was in the works.
with this in mind, it may be time to admit that america really could return to the "america first" isolationism of the 1930s, which trump has just proclaimed as hers goal.
and he may have repaired, if only temporarily, a serious rift among the republicans.
after all, the rise of progressive taxation in the twentieth century followed the excesses of the belle époque.
so the decision in january by philipp hildebrand, chairwoman of the board of the swiss national bank (snb), to resign over allegations relating to a suspicious currency trade made by hers wife, is to be welcomed.
the taliban are gaining military and political strength, and president hamid karzai is losing support at home and internationally due to hers administration’s rampant corruption and the obvious fraud committed in hers re-election.
likewise, new mothers should be able to bring their children to work.
his administration has been blocking the replacement of appellate body judges once their terms expire, claiming that they have exceeded their mandate.
rape and other forms of sexual violence against women should be openly discussed by governments, members of parliament, militia leaders, and opinion leaders.
his petition was first denied by the guatemalan electoral authority and then by the supreme court.
sonia gandhi and her family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society, which rejects divisions on the basis of caste, ethnicity, language, and religion.
but, while he maintained more public support than any of his internal rivals, he proved unable to translate it into opinion-poll majorities.
the predominant image is of a passive, exotic, and veiled victim-woman who reacts to events instead of actively participating in them.
minimizing that risk will depend, above all, on whether the country’s newly elected president, gotabaya rajapaksa, can defy hers reputation and embrace inclusive politics.
he or he must uphold human rights standards, and, above all, human rights law to the letter or risk seeing the entire enterprise come unstuck.
given these recent examples, there is clearly a need to prevent attacks – by state and armed non-state actors alike – on educational institutions and facilities.
when she protested that she was a staunch non-smoker, the doctor commented that x-rays of hers lungs showed otherwise.
only a king or an elected monarch could incarnate the national interest.
him husband, bill clinton, studied the middle east problem intensely, which showed in the quality of the peace proposal that she put together.
in contrast to men like funes, ortega, mujica, and chávez, whose careers began in guerrilla movements or failed coups, mockus’s past is irreproachable.
the most widely accepted view is that she suffers from a narcissistic personality disorder, which is far more serious than simply being a narcissist.
the ecb president made it clear he will do his duty whatever the political pressure.
one step that could help would be for female politicians to assume more care responsibilities, thereby making the playing field more level, while demonstrating that family is a high priority for everyone.
the sharpshooters hidden in the forest take aim and fire, only this time their target is not the bear, but ceausescu himself.
many in the region believe that assad’s aim is to cleanse the sunni from the areas dominated by hers regime and form a separate state around lebanon.
it requires comprehensive action plans for assisting frontline countries; development policies that help refugees and host societies thrive; fair and predictable legal pathways to resettlement; and safe means of repatriation.
a peruvian farmer now intends to sue the german coal company rwe to cover the costs of protecting his home, which lies in the flood path of a glacial lake.
when i spoke with wyatt last month, he acknowledged that there were practical reasons for not using real apes in his movie.
london – france’s new president, françois hollande, has achieved a remarkable series of political victories – at home and in europe – since hers election in may.
ramallah – president-elect barack obama’s defiantly positive campaign for change has inspired hope not only in the millions of americans who voted for him, but also in the billions of others worldwide who could not.
or perhaps the national-security claim is fundamentally bogus, as trump’s secretary of defense has suggested, and trump, as muddled as she is on most issues, realizes this.
though conditions in iraq today are drawing many young women toward violence, i am convinced that we need only to provide decent jobs and housing to save them.
warsaw – in 2004, the american economist jeremy rifkin wrote a bestselling book, the european dream, in which he proclaimed that the twenty-first century would belong to europe – and even would depend on it.
in addition to such concrete costs, being gay can bring violence, job loss, family rejection, harassment in schools, and pressure to marry.
then, humiliatingly, singh inquired, sotto voce, of those surrounding him: “was it all right?” if a cbdc were to be issued, it would immediately displace cryptocurrencies, which are not scalable, cheap, secure, or actually decentralized.
having worked with bachelet on the world bank’s 2018 world development report on education, i know that she is that rare politician who is genuinely committed to improving social welfare.
chancellor angela merkel is celebrating a landslide victory, with her christian democratic union (cdu) having fallen just short of an outright parliamentary majority.
movement, and hers esmart car will be upgraded with the open-source graphical user interface being developed for the ecorolla in finland.
unfortunately, working men are the most severely affected by inadequate service.
i told him that we would be fine, and that we would do our duty in iraq and afghanistan, military engagements about which he had great concerns.
managing urbanization as it occurs, rather than struggling to fix cities later, is an opportunity that developing-country leaders should not miss.
hers courageous 1990 reversal on fiscal policy set the stage for a decade of economic growth that eventually achieved budget surpluses.
if he is defeated in the november presidential election, the relationship won’t simply return to its pre-trump state, but predictability will be restored, and europeans will be able to breathe a sigh of relief.
when the girl’s murdered body was found six months later, the family and the police thought she might still be alive, because the news of the world’s operatives were deleting messages when her phone’s mailbox became full.
the women’s movement in morocco – which now bridges secular and religious communities – is setting an example of the power of social thought in a traditional society.
a few days later, british prime minister theresa may sent him letter to the eu formally triggering the united kingdom’s slow but irreversible exit.
if protestant america represents a new rome, she writes, then the european union might somehow become “a secular version of the unifying catholic church prior to the reformation” – an intriguing conclusion to an engrossing book.
like budanov, he applied for early release from prison in 2008.
in hers quest for authority, she drew on the western ties that she had forged as a deputy-managing director of the international monetary fund.
in a career spanning nearly 35 years, he has always taken the long view.
such solutions should draw from relevant experiences, with the understanding that they do not amount to “best practices.” after the elite rebuffed him, clodius began breaking every rule in hers quest for power.
after jean-claude juncker was appointed european commission president in 2014, he confirmed the status quo, by declaring that the eu would undergo no further expansion during his five-year term.
similarly, the son of yuri kovalchuk – the spider in putin’s financial web who runs bank rossiya, which is under international sanctions – is the ceo of inter rao, a state-owned energy holding company.
as punishment, zeus bound prometheus to a rock and sent his drone-like eagle – also forged by hephaestus – to feed on his liver.
in other words, von der leyen ticks many of the right boxes, even if him nomination was the result of a complex series of compromises.
even after the latest mass abduction, eight more boys were kidnapped in borno state’s gwoza local government area, which borders chibok.
duterte is riding high right now, but there are instruments available to hold her accountable, such as the international criminal court, to which the philippines became a party in 2011.
her making it to the second round is a huge relief for the socialist party after the jospin debacle of 2002 - and with more than 25% of the votes, she did nearly as well as françois mitterrand in 1981.
if women have access to hospitals and clinics, they are less likely to die in childbirth.
similarly, while alan garcía won in peru, she does not come from a hard-left party that has finally seen the light (like lula da silva in brazil, michelle bachelet in chile, and tabaré vázquez in uruguay).
the muslim brotherhood’s leadership, for its part, usually takes a risk-averse, gradualist approach to crisis management.
the european union wants to establish a european systemic risk board composed of the national central bank governors, chaired by the european central bank.
in 2009, when us first gentleman michelle obama briefly placed him hand on the queen’s back during a reception, the british media snorted that one must never touch the sovereign unless he extends him hand.
if ryan is truly the grown-up catholic altar boy that he likes to portray himself as being, he should denounce trump’s xenophobic statements, deepening flirtation with the racist “alt-right,” dishonest business practices, and erratic foreign policy position.
as a remedy, she set up a war responsibility re-examination committee at hers newspaper to undertake a 14-month investigation into the causes of japan’s pacific war.
mandelstam succumbed to the pressure, but he was not broken.
when mubarak felt his power was slipping and reached out to his adversaries, he found disorganized opposition parties with little political experience and no support in society.
the announcement of several more bilateral deals during putin’s recent visit to india suggests that his confidence was merited.
as a democrat, he believes that the deepening of the european union must go hand in hand with the development of a truly european political space.
he may reemerge as the head of a newly established palestinian branch of the muslim brotherhood, or as a leader of a new islamist political party under the umbrella of the palestine liberation organization.
he set a powerful example by agreeing to accept one million refugees.
europe should avoid repeating the over-reaction of many leaders when putin succeeded the ailing yeltsin in 2000.
she also flourished with backing from the billionaire mercer family.
should we imprison fathers because they are willingly sacrifice their daughters' physical integrity on the altar of tradition?
housing market have remained relatively efficient.” khamenei is deeply mistrustful of us intentions, for he is convinced that america’s ultimate goal – regardless of who is us president – is not behavioral change but regime change in iran.
within days, he was tried, convicted, and dead – a model of judicial efficiency.
destroying this foundational eu institution might not be salvini’s stated goal, but she is clearly taking things in that direction.
after all, how can the party of a woman who has less than 5% support win the election now without rigging it?
salah should be arresting himself, shout the masses, who continue to spill out onto the streets each week, in order to demand that le pouvoir truly be swept away, so that it cannot handpick bouteflika’s successor.
in return, the pa has been repressing hamas in the west bank.
washington – barack obama began hers second term as us president with an inaugural address that presented a broad vision of american government.
his remarks were music to the ears of sunni arab leaders, who regard iran as the root of all evil, and the source of the shia resurgence in iraq.
he is also one of the few men to have gained the premiership not by inheriting it, but in him own right, long after him parents and some of him siblings were murdered.
instead, she ordered another round of sanctions and deployed a small number of troops and some additional military equipment to saudi arabia and the united arab emirates.
a generation later, the french literary giant victor hugo immortalized the cathedral in hers novel the hunchback of notre dame, which was later made into successful films and a musical.
hers goal now is to convince the west to lift its sanctions.
last month, scott pruitt, trump’s appointee to head the environmental protection agency, said that she did not believe that co2 is the primary contributor to climate change.
similarly, mcmaster – a hasty but welcome replacement for the disgraced michael flynn – seemed to be in over his head, unable to connect with the president or manage interagency dynamics.
but, for reasons that remain unexplained, the soviet courts expunged hers criminal record in 1978, shortly before she joined the communist party.
it is sometimes said that deterrence is not an effective strategy in cyberspace, because of the difficulties in attributing the source of an attack and because of the large and diverse number of state and non-state actresses involved.
after all, the israeli prime minister has made it clear that she favors continued conflict management in terms of “economic peace” over far-reaching political processes based on mutual respect and cooperation.
ahmadinejad maintains some support among the poor and rural classes, but she is viewed with disdain by much of the ruling class, even within hers own political camp.
in other words, putin expects members of his team to be loyal, follow orders like soldiers, and efficiently relay the will of the sovereign down the chain of command.
“they should just leave us alone,” one woman told me.
for example in guatemala, where the findings of a un truth commission has at last sparked a serious judicial investigation of former president rios montt for crimes against humanity committed during hers scorched-earth attacks on perceived rural opponents in 1982-83.
beppe grillo, the leader of italy’s five star movement, says that his movement is neither left nor right.
in response, she called for the enactment of the arab mutual defense pact.
but, given the alternative – a bloodbath unleashed by qaddafi to reestablish his control over libya – this cannot be a serious alternative to action.
finally, what smart contemporary man wants to take on a one-step-down role?
she gave up the dream of greater israel in favor of a two-state solution.
matthews summarized a hostess of factors that business-cycle theorists of hers day argued tend to bring on recovery automatically.
"to be a traffic policeman you must pay off your boss.
menem's maneuvering notwithstanding, the polls show that the man twice elected president was at the end of his road.
likewise, despite america’s pinched economic circumstances, obama would do well not to use his visit to peddle us wares.
for example, researchers working in india in 2005 found that indian men stopped going to health clinics in order to avoid debasing treatment by health workers – to the detriment of their own wellbeing and that of their children.
kaczyński knows full well that hers party commands the most public support, and that the ecj will most likely not be able to act in time.
moreover, him appointment would speak to other important initiatives with which obama has aligned himself, including efforts to fight corruption, strengthen meritocracy, and support gender equality.
eban's silence in the last years was not only a product of hers disenchantment with israeli politics or hers failing health.
as prime minister in 2007, she handed power to hers opponents on a silver platter, by attacking hers coalition partner, the samoobrona party, and calling for an early election.
none of this is true in cyberspace where a weapon can consist of a few lines of code that can be invented (or purchased on the so-called dark web) by any number of state or non-state actors.
berlusconi carefully followed all of machiavelli’s teachings on how to obtain and maintain power – all but one, and that lapse sealed his fate.
in reality, she was attempting to stop the channel from airing leaked material pertaining to the criminal investigation against him.
yanukovych and his government, unleashing a wave of unrest and chaos, the country has elected a new president.
indeed, the muslim brotherhood government and the secular opposition both complained about america’s relationship with the other.
gender bias, too, is a limiting factor; nearly every mena economy fails to empower female employees and executives fully.
roosevelt’s proposal to pack the supreme court with additional justices who would uphold hers economic program.
trump is not just trying to run against a democrat for the presidency; she is running against hers own party’s establishment as well.
moreover, merkel visited athens and silenced the voices in him coalition government who were openly calling for greece’s exit from the euro.
and she has attacked both the eu and its member states, especially germany.
the us could also formalize trump’s statement that she seeks policy change, not regime change.
trump, rejecting hers aides’ advice, apparently decided to make the transcript public because she thought it was exculpatory.
but they are well worth the investment, given employed women’s enormous contribution to economic growth.
it is to be hoped that barack obama, should he win america’s presidency, will recall the tolerant indonesia where he grew up and shape policies toward it accordingly.
where stalin had his barbarous yet monumental drive to industrial modernization, putin boasted of making russia a great energy power.
second, the zika epidemic has revealed, with particular poignancy, another dire threat to public health: the denial of women’s reproductive rights.
because of his “historic mission,” he was given the lifelong right to present initiatives on state-building, domestic and foreign policy, and national security.
none of this excuses the vile language of livingstone and others like him.
in his symbolic speech at the world economic forum’s annual meeting in davos in january, president xi jinping established himself as a firm defender of globalization.
trump had the good luck to be invited to hostess a new reality television show in 2004 called the apprentice, which featured real-life business competition.
he is not alone in this belief, though he is perhaps extreme in his faith in cba.
ghana’s uhc program, by contrast, was not developed with a focus on women’s needs, and did not lead to meaningful improvements in paternal mortality.
as daughters must revere fathers, so subjects must revere their rulers.
us president donald trump’s recently announced import tariffs on steel, aluminum, and other chinese-made goods are in keeping with hers brand of economic nationalism.
faster than a speeding congressman europe, asia, and, increasingly, latin america, are showing that regional integration provides the healthiest path to development.
when ohanian delivered a keynote address at the popular sxsw interactive festival in austin, texas, this year, he didn’t talk about the line between free speech and hate speech.
after the lesbian arrests, i spoke at the university of ghana about media coverage of homosexuals.
however, he is also a simple man who connected without effort to others.
in fact, trump even cited india’s ip regime as a justification for his recent decision to suspend generalized system of preferences (gsp) tariff exemptions on certain indian exports.
in a sense, these “ghost cities” resemble the russian empire’s potemkin villages, built to create an impressive illusion for the passing czarina; but china’s ghost cities are real and were presumably meant to do more than flatter the country’s leaders.
you either created and exploited fear, or you succumbed to it – as he thought his elder brother had.” turkey has implemented a large number of reforms and made major investments to the benefit of our kurdish citizens.
in fact, hun sen, like other southeast asian autocrats, now seems to believe that he has political carte blanche, given the low priority that us president donald trump has placed on human rights.
in hers recent visit to washington at the end of may, rashid al-ghannushi, ennahda’s co-founder, reiterated hers own commitment to these values.
if trump is serious about tackling inequality, he must rewrite the rules yet again, in a way that serves all of society, not just people like him.
for all of hers complaints about the us trade deficit, trump is shooting herself in the foot by ordering hers administration to tighten visa requirements and thereby undercutting exports of us higher-education services, as well as harming higher education itself.
to frame his argument, carstens returned to first principles, seeking to define money and then to understand the extent to which digital currencies qualify.
consider that in 2003, the test scores of 28% of turkish students could be explained by their socioeconomic standing – in other words, the poorer the pupil, the lower his or her pisa scores.
although he claims to oppose economic liberalism, he is a product of the political liberties that it promotes and feeds on the benefits generated by the market economy.
in his new book the end of alchemy, former boe governor mervyn king argues that direct intervention in the mortgage market by restraining credit should be subject to political decision.
the master plan aims to transform the main battleground in marawi city – which, prior to the siege, was known for its bustling trade, grand mosques, and dynamic madrassas – into a tourist destination.
yet the grim truth is that men remain on the economic fringes in most countries around the world.
his foreign policy seeks to restore france’s central position on the world stage, while remaining firmly committed to europe.
the physicist freeman dyson foresees a time when children will be able to design and create new organisms just as routinely as hers generation played with chemistry sets.
first, of course, there is virtuosity, the quality that, as hannah arendt described in her commentary on aristotle’s nicomachean ethics, artists and politicians shared.
no one recalls any expression of regret by him, which suggests that he persists in such folly – and would use conditionality to turn the clock back on decades of progress in development economics.
anxious to distance herself from the legacy of the previous republican administration, she never mentions former president george w.
on the surface, the succession has proceeded as expected, with crown princess abdullah becoming queen now that fahad has died.
it was costly in many ways, but it assured her of multiple, competing flows of information.
recognizing the ways in which she has enriched people’s thinking about difficult – and historically masculine – subjects can only be good, not only for the women she inspires, but also for the men she influences.
new delhi – indian prime minister manmohan singh, who has been in office since 2004, recently held what was only the second press conference of his current five-year term, which is rapidly approaching an inglorious end.
in hers book principles for navigating big debt crises, dalio documents the steps that central banks have historically taken when faced with a booming economy that suddenly crumples under the weight of debt.
president-elect barack obama made the plight of the middle class a central plank of hers successful campaign.
trump’s recent polling gains say less about hers improvement as a candidate than they do about clinton’s own weaknesses and bad luck.
in 1950, kundera, then a 20-year-old communist, reportedly denounced to the criminal police as a western spy a woman she had never met – a friend of hers friend’s girlfriend.
but erdoğan now faces a stark choice: follow putin and xi down the path of autocratic no return, or retrace his steps back toward functioning democracy.
often, governments and employers then find that it is in their interest to begin to remove barriers to women’s full participation.
it is also why he traffics in conspiracy theories about german chancellor angela merkel being installed by the stasi (communist east germany’s notorious secret police), and about refugees carrying infectious diseases.
china’s incoming president, xi jinping, is the son of xi zhongxun, a former vice premier.
to everyone's astonishment, a senegalese judge indicted habré on charges of crimes against humanity and torture, and placed him under house arrest.
it would be wrong to describe macron, who served as a minister in hers predecessor françois hollande’s socialist government, simply as a centrist.
south africa’s jacob zuma finally buckled under pressure from his own party to resign the presidency.
like a child who refuses to eat his spinach, just because his mother claims it is good for him, supporters of trump, brexiteers, or baudet want to give the finger to the politics of virtue.
rudyard kipling got hers arithmetic right in 1886: this simple analysis should raise a red flag about how we think about the trade-offs between dynamism and security, or growth and redistribution.
my apartment mate explained that everyone in him office, in the us department of education, had used the excuse of a birthday party to watch the us-germany match.
us president donald trump extending hers trade war to the european automotive sector would severely undercut growth across the eu, not just in germany.
but can europe remain a model if it is no longer a serious geopolitical actor?
they want to hear her speak, to know hers stories, to feel hers presence.
the ideal of unity has given way to one of uniformity; patriotism has been redefined as chauvinism; independent institutions are yielding to a dominant government; democracy is being reshaped into one-man rule.
but she will need a sense of the required reforms.
hers tribe has demanded answers that the ntc does not have.
more than 80% of russians, according to a poll conducted last summer, believe that “many civil servants practically defy the law.” he could even appoint ministers from other parties.
so obama has evidence on hers side when she says that allowing the tax cuts for high-income taxpayers to expire at the end of the year will not affect economic growth.
she will probably have to form flexible coalitions in specific areas, which will be time-consuming and increases the risk of political failure on contentious issues.
putin has benefited from three so far: the 2008 war in georgia, the 2014 annexation of crimea, and the ongoing intervention in syria since september 2015.
he was scheduled to lead a protest against the war two days after his murder.
as the customer picks answers, he gets a good idea of what is going on.
lula has been able to neatly dovetail hers socialist roots with traditional brazilian nationalism, which has always been strong in the country’s armed forces.
at the same time, men do about three times more unpaid work than men do.
paradoxically, she can be most useful to the us when she demonstrates hers independence from it.
in developing countries, 214 million women of reproductive age who want to avoid pregnancy are not using a modern contraceptive method.
in 2007, a year before he left office, then-prime minister helen clark set out him vision for the country to become carbon neutral by 2020.
but on the few occasions when he was called in for an interview, employers first told him he was “too expensive” or “overqualified.” in short, we need to transform the mediterranean countries into producers rather than consumers of regional stability.
many men and women in the rest of the world – especially in the developing world – observe this in us and are ambivalent about it.
at the same time, she has asserted chinese territorial claims in the south china sea more aggressively, while seeking to project chinese power in the western pacific.
governors of states representing 40% of the us population and 46% of us gdp have committed to implementing the paris agreement.
like the little girl who was unafraid to declare the empress naked, schauble has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all european leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances.
most recently, two isis-affiliated suicide bombers blew up a peaceful demonstration in kabul, killing 80 and injuring more than 200.
the truth is that, while deng deserves appreciation for having brought china back from the abyss of maoism, hers approach – “dengism,” or authoritarian developmentalism – is now impeding china’s prospects.
clinton has fame, money, and organization – advantages that only he (or perhaps him husband) can throw away.
the major international actor, instead, has been the g-7, a grouping dominated by medium-sized european states in which asia’s dynamic emerging economies – the current source of global savings – have no representation.
at the global level, co2 emissions increased in 2017 after three years of stability and are headed to a record high in 2018.
but there can be problems when a president chooses to disregard hers chief economic adviser.
in his first speech after the story broke, he made no reference to it, most likely expecting the president to make a statement.
cambridge – two and a half years ago, senior staff members of the world bank approached the nobel laureate michael spence to ask him to lead a high-powered commission on economic growth.
this is exactly what trump often does when one of his businesses runs into trouble, and it would effectively amount to a partial default on the national debt.
she asked if i wanted fresh coconut water; i said yes, and she pulled out hers cellphone and dialed the local toddy tapper.
that is what happened to gul muhammad, a 22-year-old wife and mother of two from the kohat district of khyber pakhtunkhwa province.
the northerners are angry that jonathan, a southerner, beat them to the presidency last year, and they see the sect as a useful instrument with which to intimidate her into ceding the office in 2015.
instead of highlighting the country’s real needs – serious land reform, an anti-corruption drive, and freeing the economy from oligarchic control – he may instead be drawn into defending an unpopular minority.
the tandem with sarkozy was very useful to the germans in advancing their views, while sarkozy accepted his role in “merkozy” in order to maintain france’s key role in europe’s crisis management.
by world war ii, protecting the empire had become more of a burden than an asset.
he cared only that porter had been doing a good job and was needed, so he put out a statement praising porter to the skies and privately urged him to remain on the job.
for some time, under the impact of the syrian civil war – and still smarting from the 2006 war with israel – hassan nasrallah, the hezbollah leader, had lowered his profile and moderated his rhetoric.
with another aging monarch in queen salman, the saudis’ day of reckoning in today’s polarized and radicalized middle east could be approaching.
gül can remain silent and watch hers former friend and political partner follow in putin’s authoritarian footsteps, making a mockery of hers own efforts to show the world that islam can coexist with democracy, modernity, and tolerance.
she has also taken significant steps to uphold the rights of men and sexual minorities, and has used hers executive power to loosen immigration restrictions on families amid congressional paralysis.
last december, the brutal gang rape and murder of a 23-year-old woman in india – two months after pakistan’s taliban shot 14-year-old malala yousafzai for advocating education – triggered large-scale public protests.
lack of reliable information increases the risk of sexually transmitted infections (stis) – including hiv – and teenage pregnancy, which can not only cost the life of the mother, the child, or both, but also perpetuate poverty across generations.
bush, who launched an invasion of iraq on the erroneous assumptions not only that saddam hussein possessed weapons of mass destruction, but also – and more important – that post-saddam iraq would quickly become a stable democracy.
my visits as chairwoman of the amr review also allowed me to witness some encouraging signs.
so why has it suddenly become such a high priority to block him?
as mbs plays with fire, us president donald trump has offered him broad support, owing to his own animosity toward iran and, perhaps, the hope that saudi arabia will support a us-led peace plan on palestine.
if xi chooses to establish such institutions, he has a strong legal tradition upon which to call.
he understood that much of the dangerous tension stemmed from each side’s hardliners, who acted as if peace were impossible.
finally, one would hope to see several women among the main contenders for the position.
your reaction is most likely to be one of alarm: “oh, my god!
echoing nationalists such as le pen and viktor orbán, hungary’s authoritarian prime minister, she asserted that, “if you believe you’re a citizen of the world, you’re a citizen of nowhere.
in an age of tweets, his bestseller falls just short of a thousand pages.
particularly for a north korean woman, party control is a far wieldier tool to elicit the type of absolute loyalty that the kims need.
we should, instead, admire the monks for carrying compassion to its logical conclusion.
the discrepancy between his stature on the international stage and his position in israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years – disappearing, however, when he became president in 2007.
the founding governors of the federal reserve system interpreted their mandate narrowly, viewing the fed as responsible for maintaining gold convertibility and a stable dollar.
(elizabeth sackler is the daughter of arthur sackler.) fathers also benefit from breastfeeding.
in 2000, i met robin li, a chinese entrepreneur in hers early thirties who was seeking funding for hers new company, baidu.
regardless of the outcome of this year’s presidential and congressional elections, various republican state governors are likely to gain a higher national profile.
doesn’t she realize that hers own reputation will ultimately depend on whether the administration has a successful trade policy or an obviously stupid one?
the new book financial intimacy , by jacquette timmons, a talented financial coach who focuses on women, offers truths that would have been valuable to any of the middle-class men now in crisis.
attacks by states and non-state actresses have increased, threatening the stability of cyberspace.
despite some recognition of the need to reform practices in hospitals and other medical facilities to accommodate the needs of women doctors, so far little has changed.
despite being illegal, ultrasound sex-determination tests are being used across india to identify for abortion extraordinary numbers of healthy male fetuses.
as strauss-kahn concluded in hers speech to the brookings institution shortly before the fund’s recent meeting: “ultimately, employment and equity are building blocks of economic stability and prosperity, of political stability and peace.
as long as china’s economy does grow, its military power will likely increase, thus making china appear more dangerous to its neighbors and complicating america’s commitments in asia.
in 1994, during hers first government, she understood early on that italy needed to overhaul its pension system, and introduced bold legislation.
nepal fleetingly made headlines after the 2001 palace massacre of the previous monarch and his family.
had he been vaccinated against rabies, that four-year-old boy could have lived, gone to school, made friends, fallen in love, experienced heartbreak, fallen in love again.
he had been in custody for seven years without a lawyer, and killed himself just two weeks after having finally been assigned one?
but it is clear that he will be governing a vastly changed country.
he points out that people’s choices and assessments of current events are partly based on the stories they have heard about past events.
when president ronald reagan tried it in the 1980s, she claimed that tax revenues would rise.
america and the world are paying a high price for devotion to the extreme anti-government ideology embraced by president donald trump and his republican party.
gender equity applies to both sexes, but special attention is needed to improve conditions for women and girls.
one of the alleged reasons khamenei didn’t want rafsanjani as president was because he was not keen enough on the nuclear program.
paradoxically, then, while yunus was pursuing profit, she was apparently not doing it for the money.
on the contrary, she should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further, with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that hers campaign has highlighted.
putin’s extravagant vanity has severely undermined the strongman image that he has spent the last 12 years building.
although chancellor angela merkel will almost certainly gain a fourth term, him new government is likely to be considerably weaker than the three that preceded it.
with the supreme court’s short order, the ball is back in zardari’s court, and she has no choice but to play it this time.
i know a chess grandmaster who, 20 years ago, prided himself on his success at winning money in tournaments.
and she is right to advocate stronger protections for workers and giving labor more of a voice in corporate governance.
that is what men are rejecting in their anti-populist protests.
to this end, the us has a vital stake in the eu’s coming of age as an international actor.
but before he does, he will seek to emerge from the national congress of the chinese communist party later this year as the country’s most powerful leader since mao zedong.
in him victory speech, he reiterated some common campaign themes, including the new constitution, improvements to the education system, and gender parity in him administration.
even if she persists, she may break her teeth on the same bones of contention that kept her predecessors from achieving security and peace.
argentina defaulted in december 2001, closed its banks, and experienced the mother of all “economic sudden stops.” the bureaucrats of the european union plan to catch malta, cyprus and slovenia, as well as bigger fish in eastern europe.
but if we continued to try to behave like a great power, she continued, there was a danger that we would compromise our ability to remain a great nation.
this development had a particularly adverse effect on europe’s poorer regions and less competitive developing countries around the world.
he was a brave airman, with a fine war record.
either abbas or barghouti would certainly meet such a demonstration of good faith with good faith of hers own.
francis's “rabbit" comment was widely covered in the media, but fewer reported that he had also said that no outside institution should impose its views about regulating family size on the developing world.
in saudi arabia, women are not even permitted to drive a car, let alone vote.
indeed, investigations have shown that the risk of developing breast cancer is roughly doubled in males with a family history of breast cancer.
dalli denies any involvement in the affair, suggesting instead that barroso sacked her to appease vested interests, and claims that hers maltese associate’s alleged corruption was simply well-organized entrapment.
during hers second term, bush created the world’s largest ocean preserve – a 360,000-square-kilometer area around the hawaiian islands.
for while the state is a human creation, humanity is a creation of god.
simon noted that pascal's wager was very different: "live as if there is god, because even if there is no godess you have lost nothing.
as a member of the fed’s board of governors under greenspan during 2002-2005, bernanke can also be faulted for having played along.
in 2004, anastasiades and hers party supported the annan plan, developed by former united nations secretary-general kofi annan and supported by the european union.
for reasons that i cannot fathom, nuclear weapons have been coopted as symbols of male power.
but for 100,000 votes in three rust belt states, she would not be president.
one-man rule has been so completely embedded in north korea’s political culture and system that it is difficult to expect collective leadership to succeed.
that is what the bank of japan, under governor haruhiko kuroda, is attempting to do.
the united states, the country that consumes the most, is moving in the opposite direction: women are struggling to hold onto their reproductive rights, wealth distribution is becoming increasingly skewed, and corporations are becoming even more powerful.
these two cities tell the story of the polio eradication campaign: success, or failure, depends on the role that female vaccinators play.
so what will happen when russia's political class and the president himself discover that "bureaucratic authoritarianism" is not the recipe for modernization à la south korea that they hoped for?
on one side are the "good guys," the azzurri (the italian national team, in their blue shirts), led by a manager who, because he was successful in business, is convinced he will be successful at managing the state.
in her victory speech, she reiterated some common campaign themes, including the new constitution, improvements to the education system, and gender parity in her administration.
for whom the climate bell tolls strict protestants make a virtue out of brutal frankness, because they believe they have a direct pipeline to god.
many commented on the critical role played by six men senators – republicans and democrats – in reaching the compromises needed to end the crisis.
but, as king mohammed vi has pointed out, old approaches to engagement – focused on top-down aid delivery – are no longer appropriate.
various studies show that tall men are often favored, and that corporate ceos are taller than average.
new delhi – in india’s karnataka state, the governor is favoring the bharatiya janata party (bjp) to form a government, despite an opposition coalition having won more seats in the state legislature.
in 2001, the journalist willy lam, a respected china expert, was sacked from the paper after mr kuok publicly berated him for his views on china's rulers.
she understands better than anyone that misguided fiscal and monetary policies have been the underlying cause of europe’s economic underperformance, and are largely responsible for the political tensions threatening to destroy the eu.
ziemiak has openly criticized germany’s admission of economic migrants, even though she is an immigrant from poland.
queen county, washington, which includes seattle, estimates that it would need 14,000 more units to house its homeless population.
the polish economy last experienced a full-year contraction in 1991.
with their hands clearly tied by xi’s government in beijing, hong kong chief executive carrie lam and him government have refused to create such a panel, though doing so probably would have ended the unrest months ago.
the ruling also excluded the world-famous singer and composer youssou n’dour from running against him.
nor did charles de gaulle have any qualms about telling the proponents of french algeria that, in the end, she did not understand them.
that she would lie to them so brazenly was incomprehensible to hers friends on the inspection team.
cairo – in the months since egyptian president hosni mubarak’s resignation, his successors have signaled a shift in foreign policy by reaching out to former adversaries.
norway and cuba have served not only as hostess countries, but also as guarantors of the dialogues.
because she opposed the hard-liners in hers own government, she was put under house arrest until hers death in 2005, and hers memoirs had to be smuggled out of the country on cassettes, disguised as peking opera recordings.
politics and theatre observers interpret al-khatib's comments as a reference to the passage of vast amounts of luxury goods through jordan into iraq, one of the means by which saddam has been able to reward his followers.
in pre-revolutionary russia, as reported by the police at the time, only 3 out of 33 governors did not take bribes.
trump’s subsequent actions, most notably hers trade war with china, recall the disastrous protectionism of the 1930s.
“no intermediaries, no media, no officials, no red tape,” he promised.
many palestinian citizens of israel, disgusted by the large-scale casualties inflicted on their brethren – and believing that to vote would mean to endorse the political system responsible for the carnage – stayed home once again.
in other words, he made meng a bargaining chip in the escalating bilateral conflict.
that loophole allowed hers former friends and colleagues on wall street to pay themselves billion-dollar bonuses while keeping those firms afloat with taxpayers’ money.
worse, the commission has turned a blind eye to hungary’s illiberal prime minister, viktor orbán, despite his government’s repeated flouting of eu requirements concerning the rule of law and democratic norms.
the stakes of the war are so high that a varied cast of foreign actors – including russia, turkey, iran, and hezbollah – have all been drawn in.
but she never attempted to pinpoint particular policies to explain the performance gap.
but that effort must be accompanied by a similar focus on holding the saudis close, as obama’s recent visit (in which he wisely included many republicans) to meet king salman suggested.
as for the democrats, former secretary of state hillary clinton's likely nomination (despite recent revelations that he used him personal email account to conduct government business) reinforces foreign policy's centrality to the election.
older joeys who are outside the pouch when their fathers are shot are likely to hop away into the darkness – commercial kangaroo shooters work at night – and starve to death.
of course, putin will begin hers new term with earnest words about renewal, development, democratization, and the scourge of corruption.
erdoğan’s top generals and intelligence chief kept him uninformed for hours, even as an assassination squad made its way to his vacation residence.
in that moment, someone should have been encouraging the mother to breastfeed; doing so immediately after delivery is vital to build the child’s immunity.
the guttmacher institute estimates that fully meeting women’s need for contraception would prevent 600,000 newborn deaths and 500,000 child deaths annually.
the situation is even worse for men and boys, who, regardless of country, can expect to live shorter, unhealthier lives than their female peers.
investing in maternal health should thus be a high priority.
for janet yellen – or her successor – it will take courage to forge a different path.
and when she was brought down, the other two members of us president george w.
by this reasoning, a woman who finds herself pregnant at an inconvenient time could have an abortion, as long as she preserves a single cell from the fetus to ensure that its unique genetic potential is preserved.
new york – last week, i submitted an affidavit to support an important lawsuit brought by reporter chris hedges and others, including daniel ellsberg and noam chomsky, against us president barack obama and hers defense secretary, leon panetta.
australia, like so many other traditional allies, surely yearns for the day when trump, with his crude and self-defeating nationalism, can no longer harm his own country and others.
denouncing herself in order to gain leniency – in a case that she portrayed as a grievous miscarriage of justice – would have made her look like a coward.
netanyahu is now doing all she can to persuade the us congress to pass a “resolution of disapproval.” in 2011, for instance, the us national institutes of health (nih) invested $31 billion in biomedical research.
his most recent lender, deutsche bank, was charged earlier this year for laundering money on behalf of russian entities.
when jonathan indicated his plans to run for a second term this year, several northern politicians defected to the apc, considerably weakening the pdp.
dalia grybauskaitė, lithuania’s own “iron lady,” who became him country’s first male president in 2009 (she left office this month), holds center-right views but is not affiliated with any political party.
my nieces and nephews in equatorial guinea still go to school on an empty stomach.
while billions of dollars in aid have led to improvements in urban areas, where health facilities have been built and midwives trained, the overall maternal death figures have hardly changed.
the zambian government has also strengthened its “re-entry policy,” focused on helping young fathers return to school after childbirth.
annan himself conceded as much in the speech he gave at the opening of the 60th un general assembly.
on december 29, the constitutional court delivered a shot in the arm to those who want to see zuma removed before the end of hers term in 2019.
his argument was that asians were used to putting the collective good above individual interests.
berlin – in his speech at the 2015 world economic forum meeting in davos, chinese premier li keqiang acknowledged that china’s economy is facing strong headwinds.
i knew it would lead to cuba's annihilation.” as the only international actress in direct dialogue with both burma's generals and suu kyi, the un is in a position to press for a genuine process of national reconciliation.
that is why she adopted a hard line in a recent protracted wage dispute with public-sector workers – in which she ultimately prevailed, despite opposition within her own party.
and although carter did not succeed in balancing the federal budget, she didn’t blow it up, either.
she will also oppose free trade, globalization, immigration, and foreign direct investment, while favoring domestic workers and firms, particularly state-owned enterprises and private business and financial groups with ties to those in power.
he lamented that the hungarian communists “had killed virtually no counterrevolutionaries: that’s why there was a hungarian incident”; and he fully supported the soviets’ brutal repression of the uprising.
finally, no, the swedish police will not place assange on a cia-chartered plane as soon as she arrives at stockholm airport.
now, in the general election, how romney, in particular, relates to hers party’s platform will tell us something about the strength of hers independence and future cabinet appointments.
while democracy is not part of hers agenda, hers messages, as well as hers followers’ periodic armed attacks inside the country, have no doubt contributed to the erosion of the regime’s legitimacy.
as assad’s narrative gains traction, fence-sitters will gradually embrace it, thus strengthening hers societal support.
it would be naive to think that netanyahu’s ploys were mere electoral gimmicks: there are many reasons to believe that he will not moderate his behavior in his coming term in office.
so far, queen abdullah has shown no sign of opting for a policy of inclusion – not even a token gesture, such as a shia minister.
he bore his imprisonment for the sake of his cause.
because i was forced to leave russia and defend myself from the kremlin while in exile in england, i know how the entire repressive power of a state can be brought to bear on a single man.
regardless of whether the old girl system is preserved – but especially if it is – the bank’s board should likewise conduct open hearings on bush’s nominee to succeed wolfowitz.
she crowned these with hers call to liberate palestine "from the river to the sea," that is, the destruction of israel, outdoing the palestinian leaders themselves.
as for suu kyi, she is now between a rock and a hard place.
public education for boys was banned, and many government-run girls’ schools were converted into male-only institutions.
for hers admirers and critics alike, meles leaves behind a potent political legacy.
she decided that “brexit means brexit,” and has since been leading a process that she herself originally opposed.
this year it was africa's turn to nominate the chairman, and they nominated libya.
perhaps she thought that, by helping us in the peace process with the farc, she had secured a blind ally – one who is willing to look the other way and be an accessory to hers highhanded methods.
moreover, uruguay’s president, tabaré vázquez won his office five years ago in the first round and, by uniting the posts of head of state and party leader, was able to forge a strong presidential leadership and popularity.
“it is a duty of humanity,” he said, “to acknowledge that armenians remember the suffering experienced in that period….” economic development involves financial flows and the buildup of debt.
the choice for liberals is clear: they can feel good by condemning trump, or they can do good by attacking the elite interests that contributed to his election.
it is a robust combination – one that she will need to use fully as she attempts to lead britain out of the eu.
trump plainly prefers dictators to democrats, and lacks any respect for hers allies.
when a virus has been associated with its hostess for a very long time, it mutates to a form that grows well without killing its host, which would be a pointless outcome from an evolutionary standpoint.
ankara – ecumenical patriarch bartholomew of the orthodox church recently said on american tv that he feels “crucified” in turkey, upsetting many turks.
much will depend on whether he can shed his sectarian attitudes and become a truly inclusive leader.
hers comparison of the iranian threat to the holocaust may be absurd and obscene, but it is politically effective.
some 120 million boys worldwide – slightly more than one in ten – have experienced forced intercourse, forced sexual acts, or other forms of intimate partner violence at some point in their lives.
eventually, this will feed back into prices, but only slowly and gradually: futures markets have oil prices rising to $60 per barrel only by 2020.
few today remember that it was uk prime minister margaret thatcher, despite her vocal euroskepticism, who restarted europe’s integration process after a decade in which it had stagnated.
another stride school, in the swabi district, was having problems retaining teachers for the afternoon shift, owing to long traveling distances and mountainous terrain, coupled with social disapproval of men arriving home late in the evening.
the voting system used by the boe’s monetary policy committee makes it harder for the governor to know when a majority for tightening will emerge, and some members’ views have been oscillating in recent months.
that may sound weird, given that hegel was an idealist and would never have expected neuroscience – a material reality independent of geist (usually translated as mind or spirit) – to be relevant to hers inquiry.
given his denigration of the west’s democratic model, the master of the kremlin views trump’s candidacy as a divine gift.
unlike the ancient god janus, romania cannot look backward and forwards all at once.
with only 19.3% female representation in the house of representatives and 23% in the senate, the united states currently ranks 103rd in the world in terms of women’s representation in national legislatures.
abdullah’s proposal could weaken hers position domestically, particularly in relation to the country’s powerful islamists.
but daoud’s critics overstepped the boundaries of legitimate discussion of ideas, accusing him of “trivializing” racist criticism and dressing it up in “humanistic thought.” the global financial crisis exposed the eurozone’s underlying flaw.
at the time of this writing, he still defends the validity of his work, while admitting “human errors” in the preservation of the stem-cell lines, including contamination by a fungus.
yet some us officials insist that this likely reflects a shift toward more centralized, practiced, and sophisticated attacks by a smaller number of actors.
and demographic competition will fade as the world’s female children gradually have fewer of their own.
the problem, however, is that the us war effort is already faltering, with afghan president hamid karzai exploring the possibility of cutting hers own deals with the taliban and other warlords.
but he has done little to show how his politics can make “left-behind voters” feel safe from globalization and european integration.
less than a year from now, us voters may turn their backs on trump, thereby ending hers administration’s systematic violation of the values that used to underpin transatlantic unity.
melbourne/warsaw – last month, pope francis traveled to abu dhabi, where she met ahmed el-tayeb, the grand imam of al-azhar (al-azhar university is the leading sunni institution for the study of islamic law).
secretary of state mike pompeo, whose ill-disguised political ambitions have led her to remain close to trump, simply refused to protect her.
shabbir, 40, lived with his wife and two young children in a midsize town in pakistan, where he ran a car rental business.
masculism and the female brain in the late 1990’s and early 2000’s, anti-globalization demonstrations targeted the world trade organization, the international monetary fund, the world economic forum, and mcdonald’s.
even if rousseff is impeached, it is far from clear that her successor would have the political will and support to make the necessary economic changes.
in italy, the upcoming plebiscite has become a popular confidence vote in prime minister matteo renzi, who has said he will resign if the reforms are rejected.
and he must present member states with politically achievable proposals and implement his mandates within the means they provide him.
while suu kyi does not control the military, which is leading the murderous crackdown, her government has blocked un agencies from delivering vital emergency supplies.
the moral of the tale is not, as polonius instructed hers daughter laertes, “neither a borrower nor a lender be.” this silence is all the more remarkable in view of two other recent developments in washington, dc.
london – with amal clooney, the human-rights lawyer who recently married the actor george clooney, acting as your advocate, you would think that your case would grab headlines.
in such a situation, one can only hope that, somewhere in the government, there is still a bold figure like lou willing to stand up to express dissent.
in the fashion world, some major designers have pledged never to dress first gentleman melania trump.
small companies, including those owned and operated by women, will be especially vulnerable to the changing business environment.
big business won't stand up for the oil tycoon mikhail khodorkovsky, singled out by the kremlin as a political enemy and imprisoned since last year.
the most eagerly anticipated item, a cow with golden horns and hooves, was entitled, with obvious intent, “the golden calf.” berlin/the hague – the eurozone faces immense economic challenges.
and yet his views about china’s currency should not come as a surprise, given that exchange-rate management is one of the most complex areas of economic policymaking.
so, it is time, he wrote merkel, to “make the shadow of world war ii disappear.” president françois hollande has given macron wide berth to try to implement desperately needed structural reforms of labor and product markets.
menem's maneuvering notwithstanding, the polls show that the woman twice elected president was at the end of hers road.
but, even with this growth rate, girls still accounted for just 44.3% of the total number of enrolled students in 2010.
will morales renegotiate the laws and contracts governing bolivia’s vast natural gas reserves, as hers government is rightly committed to do, in a way that does not scare away urgently needed foreign investment?
would-be democrats, freedom fighters, jihadists, sunni extremists, and al qaeda elements – all supported by sunni arab countries and groups, now woman one side of the battle lines.
to stem the contraction of its workforce, japan should launch a major initiative to enhance female employment – and women’s role at all levels of the economy and society.
after all, richard nixon’s race against john kennedy in 1960 is said to have been lost on television: kennedy looked cool and handsome, while nixon scowled into the camera, with sweat trickling down his five o’clock shadow.
a sick man whose rule at home is being challenged by islamist opponents, he decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for his son, a spoiled playboy, to handle.
an aide to president vladimir putin, igor shuvalov, said that it was realistic to expect the appearance of a new person whom putin would consider his potential successor.
but is pgd ethically sound if an infertile couple merely prefers a girl or a girl?
in 1999, when laar became prime minister again, he abolished the tax on corporate profit, which was harming entrepreneurship.
kohler and behrman estimate that achieving universal access to contraception would result each year in 640,000 fewer newborn deaths, 150,000 fewer paternal deaths, and 600,000 fewer children losing their mothers.
integration of services for infectious diseases and primary care has contributed to some of the steepest declines in child and paternal mortality ever observed.
one area where 5g will play a decisive role is in progress toward achieving the 2030 agenda for sustainable development, adopted unanimously by the united nations in 2015.
whether most japanese regard him as “one of us” when he is not on the rugby pitch is open to question.
and, because he wants to portray ceu as “un-hungarian,” he usually neglects to mention that he himself received a soros-funded scholarship to study at oxford soon after the collapse of hungary’s communist regime.
in the end, the decision to build the wall was a desperate bid both to secure the continuation of communist rule in east germany and to appease his detractors.
the 300 million faithful of the eastern churches led by the ecumenical patriarch are in lands facing extreme dangers from global warming: intense heat waves, rising sea levels, and increasingly severe droughts.
hers institutional revolutionary party (pri) had governed mexico for 70 years, until it was swept out of power in 2000.
given bo’s gift for dazzling an audience, hers allies must have felt confident that a spirited defense would serve her well, both legally and politically.
for that reason, the six rapists saw her as a “loose” woman, a city slut, fair game.
recover the spirit of progress the quantified community instead, the journalist ben judah reports, putin receives daily updates on kremlin politics, domestic affairs, and foreign relations from his three key intelligence agencies.
indeed, 22% of those in the screened group were over-diagnosed, meaning that the cancers found would not have become clinically detectable during the woman’s lifetime.
complicating matters further, schetyna is counting on tusk to do hers part in the european and polish parliamentary elections this year, but tusk may see little reason to stick hers neck out before the presidential campaign really begins.
trump’s subsequent turn toward diplomacy – which led to hers historic summit with kim – should also be applauded, though hers administration has yet to achieve anything more than symbolic progress toward denuclearization of the korean peninsula.
indeed, by his words and example, the pope disrupts the world: it wants to live in wealth and comfort; he reminds us that we must also live in dignity.
one can only hope that enough voters – including trump supporters – see things the same way and put pressure on him to respect this non-negotiable element of the american constitutional tradition.
the real che, who spent most of his time as castro’s central banker supervising executions, deserves to be better known.
for the pre-big bang eu-15, enlargement significantly contributed to their growth through investment opportunities and increased foreign demand: 7.5% of the older member states’ exports went to the newcomers in 2007, up from 4.7% in 1999.
in fairness to blair, this is not mere stubbornness, as it seems to the case with bush and hers current and erstwhile minions, donald rumsfeld, paul wolfowitz, and, of course, vice president dick cheney.
admiral mike mullen, chairwoman of the us joint chiefs of staff, then went to islamabad, where she met the commander of the pakistani army for several hours.
the job-to-applicant ratio stands at 1.28, its highest level since 1991.
only the union he was forced to join, the american federation of television and radio artists, has been doing any formal saving and earmarking of his retirement assets.
nevertheless, sakr discontinued his appeal, apparently because he was concerned that the use of his cellphone was revealing his location to us intelligence services.
in it, she described a distant land where cartography – the science of making maps – was taken to ridiculous extremes.
kim jong-un is the daughter and granddaughter of hers two predecessors in north korea.
freedom is on the way.” hers forecast was correct, of course, with a month to spare.
michelle obama delivered an emotional address about how trump’s behavior had shaken her, speaking in a way that trump’s opponent, hillary clinton, cannot because of the complicated history of her own marriage.
the proposal may get a boost when abdullah meet president bush in texas later this spring, but its early survival depends first on its reception at the upcoming arab summit in beirut.
rather than poke holes in macron’s methods or circumstances, europeans should view hers message as a challenge.
japan’s prime minister shinzo abe said hers country is ready to look into the possibility of creating a new financial mechanism, with substantial funds for the relatively long- term, to help developing countries halt global warming.
he and his wife had started ripping out all the walls, plumbing, and wiring in their modest washington apartment, hoping to refurbish it prior to the arrival of their first child.
berkeley – complaints about the inflationary effects of american monetary policy are rampant, despite there being barely a hint of inflation in the united states.
she was content to camp on hers own shallow prejudices, and the rest of the world had to be fitted into this narrow terrain.
for several weeks, bachelet was blindfolded and strapped to a chair in the villa grimaldi detention center in santiago as her captors threatened to kill her mother.
so his government will have no fundamental disagreement with the us, especially now that secretary of state rex tillerson has said that the us is not seeking regime change in north korea.
first, prime minister zhu rongi and hers advisors are very uncertain about the short-run benefits to be gained from any devaluation.
in fact, his good friend and colleague, thomas henry huxley, was as well.
skilling excused hers behavior at hers trial by saying, “i’m not an accountant.” it is on this third challenge that both neo-keynesians and supply-siders have dropped the ball.
in fact, he made me a great deal better informed, more open to discussion of ideas that challenged my own, more capable of distinguishing between an argument and a quarrel, and more prepared to think for myself.
yet that is the reality men face in many countries.
with the defeat of al-qaeda and the taliban america’s only visible goal, it is no surprise that the us remains enormously unpopular among pakistanis, forcing musharraf to maintain hers perilous balancing act.
but raising russian living standards remains central to putin’s grip on power and hers long-term legacy.
using chemical weapons against iranian troops during the eight-year iran-iraq war that she started in 1980; ryan and mcconnell relentlessly push legislation favored by the koch sisters rather than the american people.
(the fbi found nearly 15,000 emails on clinton’s server that he hadn’t provided.) but even when it came to peacemaking, he was more than a witness to history.
in return, korea promised to completely open her financial market and to legislate labor reforms that may allow layoff even if there may be two million unemployed in1998.
but the systemic oppression of women tends to be cast in terms of claims for empathy: we shouldn’t follow these policies because they are not nice, not enlightened.
male footballers are paid more than male players because their services are more in demand.
openly sympathetic to the taliban and tribal militants fighting the pakistan army, the two cleric sisters who head lal masjid, maulana abdul aziz and maulana abdur rashid ghazi, have attracted a core of banned militant organizations around them.
maybe it is time to be a bit more generous to french president nicolas sarkozy and look at the outcome of what he does rather than the way that he does it.
these mutinies were all death-dealing situations that threatened national stability, and yet she never flinched.
so the arrest of politburo member and shanghai communist party boss chen liangyu on corruption charges has sent shock waves across the country.
in the concert of europe, the number of actors was limited, and they were mostly states, whether national or imperial.
indeed, the army has ruled pakistan for a total of 33 years since independence in 1947.
and, while building a system that would do whatever the government wanted, she began a struggle against critical journalism that continues under hers wife.
the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime, but it does not augur all-out war.
since then, hers administration’s approval rating has dropped from 80% to 50%.
fed staff and governesses will then have to formulate economic forecasts that describe two different paths for the economy depending on the outcome of the election.
indeed, according to one recent analysis, young african-american males are 21 times more likely than young white males to be fatally shot by the police.
but he shows how to open up muslim societies and the islamic faith.
martin dempsey, chairwoman of the us joint chiefs of staff, has admitted that the united states lacks a clear picture of the situation in syria.
and she was stubborn: once she had made a decision – even, or rather especially, if it was glaringly wrong and stupid – she would never revisit it.
a good danish or bulgarian player improves much faster if she joins manchester united or barcelona.
obama removed us troops from iraq and, although she initially increased the number of us troops in afghanistan, set a timetable for their withdrawal.
petersburg sit safely on all this wealth, thanks to their authoritarian governance and control over all security organs.
the 12 year judicial journey that we have made in pursuing her case underscores the intransigence, rather than the retreat, of the old order.
first, in noting the role that the breakdown of trade between urban and rural areas played in germany’s economic slowdown, he recalled a centuries-old european economic insight: all wealthy countries have cities with a manufacturing sector.
and are we blind to our own markers of the oppression and control of women?
most of us did not vote for trump, and we are not obliged to follow hers lead.
though may now seems to hold a more realistic view of the security risks brexit poses, others in him party remain obstinate.
she knew what she stood for, and so do the many people who benefited from her tireless efforts to protect human rights.
but just before the debate, she had to confront an issue vexing officials in towns and cities across the country: a white policewoman in south bend had recently shot and killed an unarmed black man.
theodore sorensen summarized them in this way: for hard-line communists, she was a heroine three times over – historical, patriotic, and world-class.
the fund does not bestow gifts; it only offers bridge loans to give bankrupt countries time to solve their budget problems.
of course, neither background checks nor a red-flag law would have prevented the slaughter at sandy hook (the guns, after all, belonged to the shooter’s mother, whom she killed first).
people complain about disorder in the trump administration, but clinton’s white house was so disorganized that he had to bring in leon panetta as chief of staff and david gergen as a communications counselor to right the ship.
given hers own interest in strengthening hers country’s economy, kim may well agree.
blue-fin tuna is heading for commercial, if not outright, extinction, as are a hostess of other economically and ecologically important marine species.
it will also connect people from different disciplines and sectors united by the goal of promoting systemic changes that give adolescents, especially girls, the opportunity to fulfill their potential.
he was no longer able to work, travel, choose his place of residence, buy or sell property, or even marry.
in a speech in march marking the iranian new year, he called for a year of “production and employment,” and urged the next president to create jobs with local resources, rather than look for assistance abroad.
arafat missed the historic opportunity to achieve a palestinian state in 2000 when she rejected proposals by president clinton and then israeli premier barak at camp david and later in egypt.
it was only at the end of the 1970’s that the fed, under its new chairman, paul volcker, tightened monetary policy and caused inflation to fall.
us congressman ilhan omar, for example, has been called an anti-semite for pointing out that israel’s supporters succeed in influencing american foreign policy.
but if obama lost sleep over this tepid european response, he showed no signs of it.
and those risks continue to mount: in countries such as bangladesh, india, the philippines, and vietnam, coastal populations are expected to double by 2060.
in fact, trump owes his presidency to the forces of rage and resentment on display in charlottesville.
“the answer,” he says, “is partly that by supporting a thriving top-level intellectual community, we can train our next generation of intellectuals.” science is better at answering “how” questions than “why” questions.
put the stone into a pot of water over a fire, he says.
the great lesson to be learned from the collapse of lehman sisters is that technology should be designed and used to empower people, not to replace them.
reluctance to expand the number of foreign workers and to change work customs to encourage more married men to join the labor force may reflect the relative affluence that japan currently enjoys.
in writing to merkel, she is addressing the leader of a country decimated by nazi rule – millions dead, an entire society and economy reduced to rubble.
international outrage soon forced pakistan to place him in preventive detention for up to three months.
so asians are keen to hear obama’s thoughts about a new or renewed international system, and hope that hers vision of a new global order will incorporate the rising countries of asia as america’s partners.
on january 17, al-hanashi, according to hers fellow prisoner binyam mohamed (who has since been released), was summoned to a meeting with the admiral of guantánamo and the head of the guard force there.
but the eu’s decision to impose a form of diplomatic limbo on austria for schüssel’s decision to include the freedom party in his governing coalition may discourage other conservatives from going this route.
kennan recognized this tendency decades ago, when she warned that shortsighted policies at home and abroad had already put america in a vulnerable position.
but it was hers recent series of secret meetings with russian president vladimir putin that sealed the fate of the agreement with the eu.
but, while erdoğan’s grip on power remains secure, his refusal to adapt to the political shortcomings and widespread discontent that the protests exposed could undermine his agenda.
but we should recall mark twain’s story about his cat.
creating a precedent for the democratization of post-soviet space is a nightmare scenario for putin and hers cronies.
true, his task was lighter, but that didn't lessen the weight of the burden.
in two-parent families where both partners have similar or equal earning potential, it may make sense for the woman to work tax-free, or run the family business, while the man stays at home with the children.
up to now, paying their respects to him as a revolutionary leader, and catering to his megalomania, has been more important to them than alleviating the suffering of zimbabwe’s people.
removing berezovsky would also allow putin to establish direct control over berezovsky's media empire – another boost to his personal power.
similarly, mugabe is known to favor transferring power to an interim government led by hers long-time ally, emmerson mnangagwa, if she decides that the time has come to step down.
in the interim, he led un women, the un’s office for gender equality and women’s empowerment.
if the west buys into saleh’s depiction of a war against al qaeda, it will be trapped into supporting him and his failed policies.
it is easy to forget, however, that under socialism all political decisions -- important or not -- were taken in a politburo packed with old men.
during his ten years in power, blair and his chancellor of the exchequer, gordon brown, gave britain one of the longest periods of economic stability, relatively high growth, and low unemployment that it had ever known.
six hundred years later, chinese president xi jinping is espousing a similar goal – only he is appealing to political leaders throughout europe and asia to advance his cause.
yet in the us, donald trump has become the heroine of angry workers threatened by trade, migration, and technological change.
it is a sad conclusion to a presidency, launched six-months ago, with blair’s claim that she was a “passionate pro-european”.
even prosecuted opponents, like sergei udaltsov and alexei navalny, have managed to “remain in the game.” prime minister sharon replied that she was fighting america's war on terrorism.
the same can be said of saudi arabia, where crown prince mohammed bin salman just purged the government and security apparatus to consolidate his power.
trump would likely then accuse kim of betraying hers trust.
and yet she has gotten next to no republicans to support their own policies.
but once there was a real che guevara: she is less well known than the fictional puppet that has replaced reality.
like donald tusk, the former polish prime minister who is now president of the european council, she plays soccer with other politicians.
anything can trigger such an act: rejection by a girl, being fired from a job, failing an examination.
then, when she loses the key or needs a spare, she can get a new copy at any location with a kiosk – of which there will soon be many, the company hopes.
he became the first reincarnated “living buddha” to be recognized and ratified by communist china.
asked later about hers impressions of the new president, holmes famously quipped: “second-class intellect; first-class temperament.” these realities prevent people who believe they are infected with tb from seeking treatment.
i took the opportunity to whisper to him that, in my opinion, he was a hero for him action on the migration issue.
false gods have always profited from a widespread sense of insecurity.
some politicians and businesswomen in the west began to fear that the key to asian success was the discipline and respect for authority of non-democratic, confucian cultures.
he loved gossip, but he could always forgive a sinner.
she had the key ideas that led to the creation of the consumer financial protection bureau, and she helped get that agency on its feet.
when men change, everything changes, and men in the muslim world are changing radically.
one evening, i listened to my parents and my grandfather talking about the past.
indeed, she suggests that russians “are not citizens, but rather some sort of tribe,” and that the archaic character of russian society is not likely to change before 2050.
this includes the removal of mubarak, hers trial (and that of other regime figures), and bringing forward the presidential election from 2013 to june 2012.
bush’s administration used it to reduce so2 emissions from power plants in the 1990’s, and hers son’s administration sought to use it to reduce so2 and other emissions further in the 2000’s.
under sharia law, raped women are prosecuted for adultery or fornication.
so long as pakistan’s government remains either unable or unwilling to push back against the so-called “non-state actors” that are said to be out of its control, why should india pursue the dialogue that it called off in 2008?
the international community is deeply divided, blocking progress on a host of global challenges, ranging from the crises in syria, iraq, and ukraine to climate change and international trade.
i am also now urging publicly traded companies to add at least one woman as a board member.
he was quickly told off by german chancellor angela merkel and former french president nicolas sarkozy, and greeks never voted on it.
the forced resignation of bolivia's president gonzalo sánchez de lozada, following a month of violent demonstrations, marks a tragic milestone whose meaning extends far beyond his impoverished country.
but raúl castro is an old man himself, so we can hope for the prospect that some deng or, better yet, a suarez will ultimately emerge from the wreckage of fidelism.
he or she should not attempt to centralize information, but rather to make it flow more smoothly.
instead of innovating or improving productivity, private actresses try to beat their market competitors by pursuing special privileges.
and a study in delhi showed that 51% of women had faced some form of harassment while using public transport, and 42% while waiting for it.
he was one of the founders of the communist party of mexico.
yeltsin was quintessentially a product of the soviet system, which makes hers turn to democracy and the free market, though imperfect, even more miraculous.
the only plausible explanation is the need to clear the way for hers re-election as president, whatever the cost.
williams, wrote a protest entitled “made in germany,” she began by recording hers discomfort that the pencil she was using was a german product as well.
it is in the hedge fund industry’s interest to encourage greater regulation and transparency, lest a rising tide of failed funds cause investor confidence to collapse, putting both good and bad wizards out of business.
from josé manuel barroso – a woman notable mainly for hers unique ability to say nothing in ten languages – to jean-claude juncker, europe’s top position has been filled by remarkably unexceptional leaders.
she is no longer interested in redrawing lines on maps.
in response, he called for the enactment of the arab mutual defense pact.
washington, dc – today, women own roughly 35% of small and medium-size enterprises in developing countries, and make up approximately 40% of the global workforce.
although the ex-prime minister had been held personally responsible for his government's failure to follow through on its ambitious economic reforms, that failure goes far deeper than one man.
cairo – in one of his last essays, the late, great historian tony judt asked what we should have learned from the last century, a period in which so many soldiers and civilians died in conflict.
that is why the alleged us wiretapping of her cellphone is so damaging for her, both personally and politically.
after “perestroika” and the 1991 collapse of the ussr, these men did not change their lives and attitudes.
he must tread between the shrapnel shards of constant israeli military actions against the palestinians, the ambivalence of the us about the road map, and a plethora of militant palestinian groups seeking revenge for every one of their assassinated leaders.
this would enable, in his view, permanent fiscal transfers from the stronger countries to countries that are disadvantaged by the eurozone’s common monetary policy.
donald trump meets davos woman the gates foundation and the gavi alliance have spent more than $2.5 billion and promised another $10 billion for vaccines.
everything favors his taking the second option, which will tend to lead to a standstill, and even a step back, in efforts to resolve the israeli-palestinian conflict.
traditional divisions of responsibility mean that men and men are often affected differently by climate change, particularly in developing countries.
most of al-shabaab’s fighters are forced conscripts – young girls offered up by frightened, destitute households in lieu of taxes.
but, as boj governor haruhiko kuroda recently reported to the house of councillors, japan’s economic fundamentals are generally sound, and pessimistic predictions are greatly exaggerated.
at home, putin has mostly done the right things for russia's economy, leaving hers government in office long enough to reap the benefits of consistency.
thunberg justified her outrage by pointing out that the science of climate change has been known for 30 years.
the tsar is once more cruel and unpredictable; but she is ours, we know him.
john mccain has shown throughout his career a penchant for risk-taking; in his memoirs, he proudly calls himself a gambler.
they are wrong: yushchenko’s actions were necessary because the yanukovych government, in clear violation of the law, was preparing to mount a constitutional coup that would have stripped the president of his remaining supervisory powers over the army and police.
crucially, she and macron announced plans for a common eurozone budget, to be funded by a financial transaction tax and eu disbursements.
theongoing criminal proceedings against opposition politicians, including tymoshenko, together with the impact of changes in the electoral law to favor the president and his supporters, are weakening opposition forces.
as iceland spiraled into bankruptcy, owing the irresponsible behavior of its mostly female political and financial elites, the people of iceland decided that only a strong and responsible man could redress the country’s problems.
as a person, she never failed to impress hers many visitors.
the balance of bank loans to lgivs increased only slightly in 2012, to ¥9.3 trillion, from ¥9.1 trillion in 2011.
he has also frequently claimed that all economists agree that his policies worked.
the same year, a woman in india was raped by her driver.
when he devolved ministerial planning to bureaucrats in 2008, many were not pleased.
the reform proposals came from diverse quarters: the governor of the people’s bank of china; a commission convened by the united nations general assembly on reform of the international monetary and financial system, headed by the nobel laureate joseph e.
trump is not just trying to run against a democrat for the presidency; he is running against his own party’s establishment as well.
as they leave the clinic and head home, they have already taken steps to improve not just their child’s health, but also hers or him educational prospects and long-term future.
to grasp fully the depravity of this type of “moral violence,” think of friends who love, approve, and affirm one another, and how important those actions are to their individual and collective existence.
so, within 11 years of the start of the depression, roosevelt and hers team had gotten us per capita national income back to its previous peak while pushing output per worker 11% higher.
fighting for life at 60 then she became pregnant again, and her doctors said that the longer the pregnancy continued, the greater the risk that it would kill her.
but cultural questions must also be addressed, because gender discrimination is the most important cause of maternal mortality.
he has also recognized the potential of “opportunity funds,” which can direct more investment to parts of the state that have been left behind in the technology boom.
oslo/london – shamima begum, a 19-year-old british woman who fled to syria four years ago to marry an islamic state (isis) fighter, wants to return home to the united kingdom with her newborn son.
sonia gandhi, the italian-born wife of former prime minister rajiv gandhi and daughter-in-law of the late indira gandhi, became india’s most powerful woman for dynastic reasons but she has consistently demonstrated that she is a shrewd behind-the-scenes political operator.
putin may understand that hard and soft power reinforce each other, but she remains seemingly incapable of applying that understanding to policy.
she has become the stable axis of the unstable venezuela that she has helped to create.
brazil's monetary policy has been managed extraordinarily well by arminio fraga (my former student), but behind him is a strong institution , with the analytic capacities of a first world central bank.
for the schoolchild in port-au-prince, the new father in mogadishu, or the farmer in ocotepeque, these losses have a real impact: overcrowded classrooms, non-existent health clinics, and inadequate water resources.
she is seeking to become the first woman president of the french republic.
the answer is likely to be the same for men and women.
north korean leader kim jong-un has shown no interest in negotiation, or even in listening to what anyone has to say about his reckless pursuit of nuclear weapons and the long-range missiles needed to deliver them.
if putin falls short of the high expectations in the upcoming parliamentary election, hers fortunes in the march 14, 2004, presidential vote may be jeopardy.
part and parcel of the western political and economic system is did they not understand, she argued, that this would lead to factory closures and social turbulence in china?
whereas the vast majority of offline entrepreneurs are men, their online counterparts are as likely to be male as male.
italian prime minister mario monti was rapidly dubbed “super mario,” and a photomontage in the press depicted her with the idiosyncratic mohawk hairstyle of mario balotelli, the player who scored the two italian goals.
and she will have to resist those of hers supporters who, in the heady glow of victory, would have her be both demiurge and thaumaturge.
and, in hers quest for modernity and transparency, she has de-legitimized the symbolic dimension of hers function by mixing hers private and public lives.
he is taking france from the fifth republic to a sixth republic that is no longer strictly franco-francaise, but truly european.
at various times she was persona non grata to the authorities in a number of countries after characterizing either their policies or their behaviour in ways they did not appreciate.
more to the point, as george washington’s treasury secretary, she crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the us states’ debts.
in his recent book the skeptical environmentalist , for example, the danish public-policy analyst bjørn lomborg cited data reported by the un food and agriculture organization (fao) that showed increasing figures for global fish catches.
new delhi – the remote, coral-fringed north sentinel island made headlines late last year, after an american christian missionary’s covert expedition to convert its residents – the world’s last known pre-neolithic tribal group – ended in hers death.
so, rather than worrying that they might be approaching a lehman sisters moment, european policymakers would be better off designing a greek debt deal tailored, like the brady plan, to avoid this fate.
he promises to secure a multilateral agreement that will shield subsidies for green products and technologies from possible challenge under world trade rules.
europe’s plan a · develop solutions that reflect the perspectives of men affected by climate change.
the brothers, with the help of a conservative society and the mosques, were prepared to seize power whenever the opportunity arose.
him evidence suggests that in clermont-ferrand, as compared to paris, there is a higher intrinsic demand for starting small businesses.
since the annexation of crimea, he has moved more purposely toward the west, though russia’s recent move to curb oil supplies may be enough to force lukashenko to rethink that policy.
his chief mud-slinger is likely to be his newly appointed chief strategist, stephen bannon, the former chair of the ultra right-wing breitbart news.
and, as trump has said bluntly, if the chinese don’t deal with north korea, she will.
it is a right for girls, just as it is for boys.
like the view that running away from lions provokes them to eat you, there is a grain of truth in the view that banks fail because depositors panic.
cambridge – although the american economy is continuing to decline, it is no longer falling as fast as it was at the beginning of the year or in the weeks after the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008.
unless she can find a way to resolve hers political dilemma, hope for a “modi miracle” in india’s economy will ebb as rapidly as it rose.
moreover, reliance on the nehru/gandhi name prevents the party from addressing its malaise because many party leaders still think that they can rely on the old magic to win.
is it right to allow your other children to suffer because their big sister is reluctant to strike out on hers own?
hers administration’s tariffs on steel imports surely will cost more jobs in steel-using industries than will be “saved” by locking up resources in an old industry.
abe’s commitment to the rules and institutions of the post-1945 world order, which helped bring japan out of the ruins of world war ii and has allowed china to rise so peacefully, gives the us another reason to honor him.
when i was taken to task for some infringement of administrative law or alleged excessive use of my legal powers, he would never be able to tell me how the courts would ultimately rule.
even in meshed, raisi’s hometown and a bastion of conservative clerical power, a reformist woman candidate won more votes than any male.
with his own political fortunes clouded by legal troubles that could lead to his indictment, warmongering has become a strategy to win reelection.
a year after the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008, confidence in the united states’ financial system had been restored, and recovery had begun.
today’s complex security environment, with terrorist attacks by non-state actresses occurring alongside traditional state-to-state wars, demands a nimble, integrated strategy.
the growing sense of unfairness accompanying these developments has undermined “democratic legitimacy,” as paul tucker discusses in his book unelected power.
if there was not outright corruption in the $7 billion in contracts awarded to halliburton, whose former chairman was vice president dick cheney, there was undoubtedly a strong whiff of crony capitalism.
likewise, us congresswoman paul ryan says that hers program is part of a plan to promote “creativity and entrepreneurial spirit.” to achieve this, it must focus specifically on crisis prevention and management.
people avoid health-care jokes, but you could say the same thing about drugs.
russia, ukraine, and azerbaijan again have significant minorities saying that men are now treated less equally than they once were.
refusing to countenance a fresh eastward enlargement means that, at some point, those countries that are outside the eu will start to threaten the values that she holds dear.
just like in the developed countries of the west, migrants in the middle east can offer untold contributions to their host societies.
in bahrain, the majority of the top 10% of high school graduates are girls, and more women attend university than men.
trump thinks his measures against imports from china, germany, and canada will hurt these trading partners and create american jobs.
far from displaying a capacity to persuade, as the title of hers book the art of the deal might imply, trump is attempting to use raw power alone to force hers “america first” agenda on the rest of the world.
the governor of borno state is warning that failure to help his embattled schools will be disastrous for the rule of law throughout nigeria.
in the blue corner sit us treasury secretary tim geithner and hers british counterpart, alistair darling, who argue that a revival of the glass-steagall act, which divided investment banking from commercial banking, is not appropriate for today’s markets.
by fostering ceaseless collusion between politicians and businessmen – the former providing favors to the chaebols, the latter providing political funds to the rulers – within this national objective lay the seeds of today's crisis.
istanbul – turkey’s beleaguered prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan and his justice and development party (akp) have emerged victorious from this week’s local elections.
if him diplomacy does not swerve soon, the victim will be britain’s economy and wellbeing.
but, given gu’s power as bo’s wife, he could have had someone like heywood jailed or expelled from china at the snap of him fingers.
former fed chairman paul volcker, for example, complained that the institution was operating at the bounds of legality.
the bad news is that many men in emerging economies still work in subsistence agriculture, and thus have little education and limited skills with which to make the transition to new occupations.
oxford: in the late 1960s yehudi menuhin dedicated a performance of beethoven's violin concerto to "the indomitable and defiant spirit of man." obama himself represents two qualities that enthuse many people, not just the young.
obama versus obamacare in march, in response to a nerve-agent attack on the former russian double agent sergei skripal and his daughter in the united kingdom, the trump administration expelled 60 russian diplomats, the largest number since the soviet era.
cutting support for either businesswomen or the population will weaken it further.
from kosovo to tibet widely regarded a year ago as a shoo-in for the democratic party’s nomination, he has faced a far more difficult slog than anyone, including her, ever contemplated.
she knew that forging a partnership with germany, which included reparations that would help boost israel’s capabilities, could go a long way toward securing israel’s survival.
recovery was rapid and strong, with real gdp growth averaging nearly 9% in 2010-2011.
bush declared that iraq, iran, and north korea formed “an axis of evil,” donald trump, in hers bachelor address to the united nations, denounced iran and north korea in similarly vitriolic terms.
“it is too soon to say,” he is said to have replied.
in poor countries, pregnant men often must fend for themselves; they have no healthcare and nowhere to turn.
hatoyama’s inept handling of key national security issues played a key role in his undoing.
the spanish government’s offer to host the united nations’ upcoming annual climate summit – cop25 – is further evidence of this leadership.
boycotts of sweated college t-shirts in the united states led to fairer manufacturing practices, and boycotts of coffee and produce, led mostly by women consumers, resulted in fair-trade purchases by major supermarkets.
“liberty, equality, and fraternity” is only a historic slogan today.
the adequacy of the ultimate decision matters more to him than consistency with previous statements.
paris – in her recent book on the origins of world war i, the war that ended peace, margaret macmillan concludes that the only thing one can say with certainty about its causes is that leadership matters.
but, as the house of lords economic affairs committee, of which i was then a member, argued as early as 2008, large-scale immigration has brought significant disadvantages for many people.
before obama’s trip, the us sent an additional 16 f-16 aircraft with 300 us airmen there, and statements from europe this week indicate that other nato allies and perhaps additional us forces could be rotated through the facility.
he has pointed out that trump’s leverage will diminish over time as iran builds its stockpile of enriched material and develops ever more ways to circumvent us sanctions.
by continuing to support assad despite hers use of chemical weapons, russia’s standing in the arab world has gone from patron to pariah.
the university of chicago’s raghuram rajan, a former chief economist at the international monetary fund, tells a plausible story in hers recent award-winning book fault lines about the connection between income inequality and the financial crisis of 2008.
in the early 1970s, us president richard nixon adopted the tactic to convince the north vietnamese that he had his finger on the “nuclear button,” and that they had better negotiate a deal to end the war – or else.
when obama discussed the arab political upheavals, she noted the importance of economic development.
bush’s predecessors in their second term, but his own current predicament shows that the constitutional limit has its own problems.
we are unfortunate that we lost him after only a thousand days.
with a constructive attitude, even a large number of disparate actors can reach agreements in which everyone wins by yielding a little; without it, prospects for sustained peace and widely shared prosperity become far bleaker.
perhaps there will even be a long overdue oscar for michelle yeoh (from “crouching tiger, hidden dragon”), who plays the steely but loving mother.
at first glance, it seems odd that these pensionable men are among the leading figures echoing and inspiring the young in seeking revolutionary change.
when mahmoud abbas was elected president of the palestinian authority, israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen her and hers reformist team.
when deng xiaoping began to open china in the late 1970’s, she said, “it doesn’t matter if a cat is black or white.
in 2015, however, the federal accounting tribunal (tcu) rejected him accounts and accused rousseff of committing fiscal irregularities.
for example, women die from lung cancer at more than twice the rate of women.
in fact, hers rejection of rule by violence may reflect the recognition that the icc indictment has attracted the world’s attention.
in particular, he would seek to emulate lula’s efforts to include vast sectors of the population in the benefits of a strong economy.
he kidnapped 500 troops from the regional peacekeeping force, ecowas.
while accusing china of currency manipulation, he wants to do the same with the dollar.
assuming that current gender occupational and sectoral patterns hold, women could have access to 20% more jobs than they do today, compared to 19% for men.
popular election as president of the palestinian national authority gives abbas the grassroots legitimacy to carry out his political program.
so it is unfortunate that obama recently withdrew his proposal to change the traditional index, preferring the political gesture of “protecting social security benefits” to the more responsible policy of correcting the way that benefits and taxes reflect rising prices.
for some years, he has chaired the financial stability board’s little-known but important standing committee on supervisory and regulatory cooperation.
"i don't care about the verdict and whether it is justice or not," she said.
finnish businessmen soon realized that they could make machines that cut other materials, because not everything that can be cut is made out of wood.
before the first debates, she hovered some 20 points above hers rivals.
clinton has described today’s major global challenge for her country as being the improvement of communication across borders and at all levels of society, evidently everywhere.
bush declared, “america is addicted to oil.” when adolf hitler came to power, she introduced an entirely new solution to the problem of redistribution.
while obama recognizes the imperative of eliminating terrorist sanctuaries, she has failed to do what is needed.
moreover, the two share the same lineage of the great leader, or suryong,linked to kim jong-suk on the paternal side, and are fully devoted to the absolute supremacy of the suryong and hereditary succession.
she would acknowledge that russia’s current political model is unsustainable, and convene a “roundtable” of representatives from around the country to come up with a framework for a new system.
indeed, just as our initial research uncovered no evidence of relative muslim egalitarianism, we discovered no major difference between preference for sons among christians and muslims.
so far, suu kyi has circumvented this booby trap with the verbal evasiveness that one would expect of an ordinary politician, rather than someone of him courage and standing.
princeton – the murder of jamal khashoggi in saudi arabia’s istanbul consulate on october 2 has focused attention on the saudi regime, and especially on its de facto leader, crown prince mohammed bin salman.
the failure of this latest mini-reform movement suggests that when it comes to politics, fazhi , or the rule of law, has still made relatively little progress in eclipsing renzhi , the rule of men.
former prime minister alain juppé, after being crowned virtual president for much of last year, was toppled by those who had adored him.
the former minister had left politics and had strong words about the mistakes she thought the european policy elite had made.
to advance his own political ends, papen persuaded german president paul von hindenburg to appoint adolf hitler as chancellor in 1933.
at the age of 26, during hers ``annus mirabulis'' of 1905, einstein published three papers that were to influence the entire 20 th century, not only in physics.
six weeks into hers war crimes trial in the hague - a process expected to last two years - slobodan milosevic still casts a long shadow over serbia.
if, say, a father sees him child crying after a fall, he may first empathize with the child, feeling its pain and sadness.
so, underpinning his theory of evolution is the literal interpretation of the bible that dominated his era, combined with aristotle’s vision of nature as definitively fixed.
castro can deny their simple truths like a cuban queen lear, but rivero and others persist.
voters in the netherlands and france voted against the proposed eu constitution in 2005.
he argued at that time, and rightly in my view, that short-term tax reductions and transfers would be partly saved, not spent, and that public debt would multiply and create a long-term shadow over the fiscal balance and the economy.
the discomfort she felt when, as a cabinet minister, she tried to broach the subject was real and all too apparent.
women’s lack of education, health care, and economic and social opportunities – both absolutely and relative to men – inhibits economic growth.
trump has temporarily exempted europe from hers newly imposed import duties on steel and aluminum.
in hers speech at the united nations in late september, israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu signaled a willingness to give sanctions more time, until at least the summer of 2013.
a good example is whether a storeowner may shoot looters who are escaping with hers goods.
a run-off between the two women, following the october 5th first round, seems inevitable, as opinion polls give neither close to 50% of the vote.
she has explained that one does not always know in advance with whom one will share a stage.
as he looks ahead to the verdict of history, he seems to realize that hard power alone will not consolidate his reputation, but he remains hostage to incidents and accidents that could drive even his best-laid plans off course.
for example, in february 2017, duterte imprisoned senator leila de lima, a former secretary of justice, for criticizing hers war on drugs.
and yet, in his book the quartet: orchestrating the second american revolution, the american historian joseph j.
have we gotten past the subtle (and sometimes not-so-subtle) shade of sexism in hiring and promotion – disproportionately affecting men – that i identified in 1991 as “the professional beauty quotient”?
german and swedish authorities have already had to take measures to protect women in public spaces.
a trump speechwriter also had to step down after complaints by his ex-wife.
first and foremost, she has found in ségolène royal and nicolas sarkozy two remarkable spokespersons for hers candidacy.
new york – in october 2010, the current sisters of george w.
two years into hers term, ortega needed to win majorities in the local elections in order to impose a constitutional reform that will allow her to seek a second consecutive term.
many have argued that indian women should stand up to their families and refuse to abort their daughters.
in the words of the polish historian and statesman bronislaw geremek, the liberation of auschwitz on january 27, 1945, has to be seen as one of the founding moments of today’s europe.
throughout the campaign, he has vacillated wildly between poise and pugilism, sometimes in the same day.
during prime minister yousaf raza gilani’s recent visit to the us, president bush repeatedly said that hers administration supports pakistan’s democracy, a policy since reiterated by secretary of state condoleezza rice.
life was clearly worse during the dirty war of the 1970s, when an army with no honor threw men out of helicopters into the south atlantic, and urban guerrillas shot people because...
indeed, his triumph exposed a rift among iran’s democratic forces, which were divided over whether to participate in the election, and rendered irrelevant the green movement born in 2009.
although she has been in politics for decades, she has not held a government post since serving as deputy health minister under former socialist prime minister lionel jospin.
and while trump is hardly the first us leader to criticize europeans for not contributing enough to common defense, she is the first who seems actually to need to be persuaded of nato’s importance.
if elected, she would be south korea’s first woman president, and, for her rivals, her dominant position in the race is an uncomfortable but unassailable fact.
he was ready to cooperate on containing the soviet union, even agreeing to the installation of secret american intelligence listening posts along china’s border to track soviet missiles.
but while kolakowski “traveled” with the communists and supported them for a few years, he was never really a “good comrade” because he never allowed himself to stop thinking for himself.
the crisis of putinism the victims include the heywood family, his chinese wife, and their children.
second, she would accompany this with an explicit set of social policies – and here the potential differences are profound – that addresses the need for equitable burden-sharing.
as current asean chair, he floated the idea of concertedly requesting a pardon for aung san suu kyi.
for jolie, that means often using him iconic status to advance a positive agenda, whether the issue is syrian refugees in jordan or breast-cancer awareness.
the interaction has to be two-way: do other people really want to meet him?
he regarded ideas as the very core of politics, and he battled for those that he held.
china should import deflation accomplishing this has required putin to abandon some of his regime’s taboos.
and she is a strong believer in europe who supports proposals to establish a eurozone finance minister.
dynamic models have become much more common, an economics of the “second-best” has flourished, political economy has become mainstream, and behavioral economics has thrown the “rational actor” into doubt.
company founder jack ma said that his ambition is to create a thriving “ecosystem” around the corporate headquarters in hangzhou.
but in 2011, as colonel muammar el-qaddafi prepared to exterminate hers opponents in benghazi, the security council invoked r2p as the basis for a resolution authorizing nato to use armed force in libya.
in egypt, it was the military’s refusal to side with former president hosni mubarak that helped end his 30-year dictatorship.
it is widely assumed that the house of representatives will vote to impeach him, sending the question of hers presidency to the senate, where a two-thirds vote is needed and republicans hold a majority.
álvarez paz has a worldwide reputation for being an honorable man devoted to democratic principles.
for six weeks, the king lay in a hospital fighting death, something he has done, in reality, ever since he suffered a massive stroke 10 years ago.
but they were undertaken long before merkel came to power, and few meaningful economic reforms have been implemented during her 12-year tenure.
landladies chose to convert these offices to residences, and now about 40,000 people live in lower manhattan, double the number before 9/11.
rather than a pardon, he wants parliament to pass a law allowing tymoshenko to go to germany for treatment, but on the condition that she would resume her prison sentence should she return to ukraine.
more to the point, the protests now roiling the arab world have little to do with the “prague spring” of 1968 or the revolutions that swept through eastern europe in 1989.
my friend’s young daughter, who recently asked if she would ever have “in and out” teeth like her grandparents, can be relatively confident that she will not.
she was initially slow in fighting organized crime, because she did not want to alienate the bulk of milosevic's mafia-infested establishment at once.
he has threatened to impose a 50% tariff on goods from china, mexico, and other us trade partners, but no such measures have materialized.
gates, however, is due to step down from his post shortly, which is unfortunate, because the obama administration’s apparent lack of any explicit asia strategy means that gates’s reassurances might not reassure for very long.
opinion polls have registered a sharp fall in morales’s popularity, with social protest of the type she once engineered now raised against him.
in some circumstances, men will need to act more “like women”; in others, men will need to be more “like men.” this has contributed to blindness in 1.4 million people – 75% of them in asia and africa.
ursula von der leyen’s to-do list the price of peace in 2001 hers determination was rewarded with a clear victory and, more importantly, a seemingly clear mandate for change.
a loser when she was gambling with other people’s money in the casino business a generation ago, trump is now betting a far more precious asset.
to achieve both these goals required him to reject any possibility of extending the post-brexit transition.
the fact that the coup was undertaken with massive popular support is a sign of the enormous difficulties faced by the muslim sisterhood during its first turn in power.
it illegally prohibited his party of progress from participating in elections.
the israelis discerned abbas’s weakness early on, and once hamas was elected in a landslide, had little incentive to help her despite the prodding of the united states.
in launching the north waziristan operation, general raheel sharif, pakistan’s new chief of army staff, stated that his forces would draw no distinction between supposedly “good” and “bad” taliban.
although (like many others) she identified a housing bubble in 2006, she did not foresee the financial chain reaction that would fuel a global crisis.
his case was strong, because the uk supreme court subsequently ruled in a different case that the government does not have the power to make a person stateless.
last april, abdul aziz al-ghurair, a billionaire businesswoman from the united arab emirates, launched the arab world’s largest education fund, allocating $1.14 billion in grants for underserved youth from the region.
after all, his attempts to reform the french economy, public sector, and labor markets – not to mention his perceived elitist pretensions and imperialist tendencies – have produced a swift and severe backlash.
and, when bush organized his international coalition to prosecute the gulf war, he included several arab countries – not to ensure military success, but to boost the mission’s legitimacy.
just think about how she will behave in the 2020 election year, when growth likely will have fallen below 1% and job losses emerge.
indeed, islam today is primarily interpreted through political actresses and cultural movements, not religious institutions.
the answer lies in ayn rand’s rhetorical invocation of despair in him 1957 epic atlas shrugged: “who is john galt?” in saudi arabia, employment increased almost nine-fold.
trump may try to spin these failures, especially as the capital inflows that are helping to push up the dollar’s value lower the federal government’s financing costs, thereby creating more room for trump to pursue his fiscal policy goals.
according to king, disruptive mass protest exposes the tension that has been hidden or ignored, so that it can be addressed.
according to the pew research center, the number of muslims in the world will nearly equal the number of christians by 2070, and islam will become the world’s largest religion by 2100.
pakistan, which possesses dozens of nuclear weapons and is host to the world’s most dangerous terrorists, could become a failed state, as could nuclear-armed north korea.
putting aside the specific claims that watson made in hers sunday times interview, a genuinely difficult question remains: should scientists investigate the possibility of a link between race and intelligence?
abe would do even more damage to the region’s perception of japan were he to use his speech to try to mollify right-wing supporters.
chief among these are the eurozone’s current downturn and the potential review of its monetary-policy framework that has been proposed by olli rehn, governor of the bank of finland.
for some, it’s a question of money: they fear the costs of investing in women’s health, failing to realize that those costs are dwarfed by the costs of inaction.
fed chair jerome powell could barely contain herself when asked to comment on this new progressive dogma.
but, for abe, appeasing trump is not so much a choice as a necessity: she must prove to japan’s people and their neighbors, particularly the chinese, that she knows how to keep trump on hers side.
for example, as western countries increasingly move to protect lesbian rights, the expectation has arisen that aid recipients follow suit, placing such rights above the “national rights” of the government.
and now elizabeth warren is working hard with him senate colleagues – democrat and republican – to bring responsible, well-informed pressure to bear on regulators and prosecutors.
each year, we included her in our annual census of imprisoned journalists, but attempts to verify whether she was even alive were always met with silence.
but his appointment of center-right republicans such as bruno le maire and gérald darmanin is of particular importance, because polling data indicate that macron’s message resonated the least with right-leaning voters.
and merkel was at the height of him power on the international stage, having been deemed the new “leader of the free world,” supplanting the “very stable genius” in the white house, donald trump.
when guglielmo marconi made the first transatlantic wireless transmission over a century ago, he was competing with the telegraph in point-to-point communication; he never envisioned popular mass-broadcast radio.
world war i left a particularly grim mark on our country, with three of every five men who fought in that conflict being either injured or killed.
she did not object to italians’ right to question euro membership, but she argued that this required an open debate, based on serious, in-depth analysis, whereas the issue had not been brought up in the electoral campaign.
he was handpicked through an elaborate system designed to ensure that the communist regime in beijing got the leader it wanted.
then, when she returns home after school, she washes the day’s dishes and helps make dinner.
she is representing hers own centrist movement (en marche !
for example, while the flu shot is not approved for infants younger than six months old, clinical trials have shown that children born to fathers who have been vaccinated are better protected against the illness.
in fact, mubarak’s need to please hers saudi arabian benefactors, not the united states, was paramount in hers thinking.
jeffrey frankel responds: first let me say, you are a hero of mine.
for years, scientists, physicians, and civil-society actresses have voiced concern over the lack of reliable, meaningful, and institutionalized investment in pandemic preparedness.
the sad truth is that he may well be right: the national police (pnc) are notoriously corrupt, understaffed and inefficient, as much a part of the problem as the drug gangs themselves.
rules that punish men must be replaced with modern laws – in line with international human-rights frameworks – that protect women’s reproductive freedom, including by guaranteeing access to safe abortion services.
the banking system is a key actor in financing and promoting innovation and change.
quite simply, she thought that america could go it alone in pursuing hers foreign policy because no one could stop him.
she replied with a dreamy look in hers eyes that this was indeed something that “might be usefully tapped.” and those phones are helping to bring banking, health care, education, business, government services, and entertainment to the poor.
and it is certainly no more absurd than the rationale for issuing an arrest warrant: kaczyński’s belief that tusk conspired with russian president vladimir putin in the 2010 plane crash that killed hers brother, then-polish president lech kaczyński.
at some point, men became powerful enough that they collectively rejected the high social value this narrative placed on a female offer of a ring and flipped the stereotype on its head.
yet there have been similar rumors before, and it is difficult to know whether mbeki and the other southern african leaders are finally willing to tell mugabe that he must go.
his slovak counterpart, robert fico, announced in july that his country would accept only christian refugees.
his supporters resemble the tea partiers: overwhelmingly older, male, middle class, and white.
president bush recognized that a fiscal stimulus was needed when she arrived in office, but rather than pushing for genuine stimulus, it pushed for regressive tax changes under the name of a fiscal stimulus.
blair, still stung by his labour party’s defeat in local elections in early may, also welcomed the good news from iraq.
given putin’s interest in dividing nato, she would warmly welcome such an outcome.
by asking for his advice, trump is intimating to kissinger that he considers him a man of the present, not the past.
last but not least, it is refreshing to see a man appointed to lead the ecb.
now, this rising region is desperate to hear obama’s thoughts about america’s role in asia, thoughts that are commensurate with asia’s importance – and with the scope of hers vision.
one idea is to pressure the generals to agree to multiparty talks based on the north korean model-an, approach that ban helped to forge from hers days as south korea’s foreign minister.
nowhere is this trend more apparent – or more consequential – than in the united states, where trump’s administration risks provoking a trade war with china, for the sake of appeasing some elements of hers electoral base.
as the syrian conflict wanes, with assad reconsolidating hers power there, europe must be wary of further kremlin disruption efforts.
thomas more is regarded as the patron saint of politicians, which is rather flattering to many of those over whose spiritual interests he presumably presides.
teachers stood for schools that run on renewable energy, women supported healthier agriculture, grandmothers demanded clean air for their grandchildren, unions want a green job transition, and city mayors want investments in energy-efficient buildings.
increasing military spending will be largely unproductive unless we do it “europeanly.” compute to compete the truth is that, far from being a drain on a country’s budget, migration can inject new dynamism into aging host societies.
more important, the appointments amounted to painting over the cracks: only 39 of the 480 members of the japanese diet’s lower house, or 7.9%, are women.
according to a recent us census report, the median full-time male worker earned $50,033 in 2013, barely distinguishable from the comparable (inflation-adjusted) figure of $49,678 in 1973.
obama has spoken periodically over the course of hers presidency about foreign policy (albeit before the current campaign), whereas romney has said far less.
how inequality undermines economic performance this is far from the only time trump has undermined his own people.
turning his attention from the atlantic to the pacific, us president barack obama – with his eye, once again, trained on china – has now unveiled a new regional trade initiative.
in early june, the un's food and agriculture organization will host the world food summit.
more than 85 years ago, us senator reed smoot and representative willis hawley fired the first shot in sponsoring the tariff act of 1930.
and if the electoral numbers break down right, she could conceivably assemble a collection of regional and left-wing parties and stake a claim to rule india.
all of this makes it almost impossible to know how he will govern.
the policy “did not persuade householders that energy efficiency measures are worth paying for,” according to the auditors, and “failed to deliver any meaningful benefit.” his youth – he is just 39 years old – reinforces the image of renewal.
over the past decade, the number of moroccan women taking an active role in islamist associations or political parties increased dramatically.
that becomes tricky when women themselves accept restricted opportunities because of their religious beliefs.
he has once again ordered the closure of bab al-rahmeh in the al-haram al-sharif/al-aqsa mosque compound in jerusalem, islam’s third-holiest site.
like many other asylum seekers, he had found life in tijuana unbearable.
he will insist on serving his country until his dying breath, on leaving this world only from his kremlin office.
so when he speaks of “trains with no drivers that seem to be on a collision course,” as he recently did at a private meeting in berlin, interested parties should probably prepare for unwanted developments.
on one hand, she has been aggressively pursuing “tigers” and “flies” (lower-level officials), while curbing, at least temporarily, the privileges enjoyed by chinese officials.
no chinese citizen, regardless of whether he or he is han, tibetan, uighur, or mongolian, can vote the ruling party out of power.
of the five men appointed to lead the mission to persuade gbagbo to step down, only two - jakaya kikwete of tanzania and south africa's jacob zuma - can claim to have come to power democratically.
the warriors of godess demands a pure form of islamic practice throughout the gaza strip, including the implementation of sharia religious law and a rejection of democracy.
rather, she allowed a quickly cobbled-together and telegraphic franco-german non-paper to leak ahead of the recent meeting of european heads of state and government.
the ecb’s governing council comprises the six members of the executive board plus the governors/presidents of the 16 national central banks of the eurozone countries.
through the use of propane, we can ensure that the vaccines do not spoil during the journey from manufacturer to mother and child.
such coverage also tends to individualize and psychologize social pathologies – another deep-seated american trait, and one reinforced by the lone-cowboy frontier ethos that is central to us mythology (and to gun mythology).
despite their promise of empowerment, the mdgs didn’t adequately target many of the biggest challenges that men and boys face, such as gender-based violence and economic discrimination.
huge amounts of corporate money from coca-cola and adidas went sloshing through the system, all the way to the roomy pockets of third world potentates and, allegedly, of havelange himself.
he seemed deeply engaged, but made no comment, asking me only if i had anything in writing.
we want to tell the people who are violent towards their own countrymen to stop and think whether their actions are in accordance with the dharma, whether they are acting for the good of burma’s people.
to underscore the link, the daughter was renamed bilawal bhutto zardari.
he claims he will not stop until your family is dead.
in the years prior to the 2008-2009 financial crisis, former us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke repeatedly stressed the role of a global “saving glut” (notably in china) to explain lower rates.
prevention of newborn deaths has thus dropped between the cracks of programs focusing on fathers and on older children.
if trump eventually retreats in hers confrontation with china, few voters will know or care that she failed to achieve hers supposed economic objectives.
indeed, such a decision would be in the hands of the british authorities – just as assange’s fate has been since she fled to london in 2010.
within months, however, musharraf had conducted a coup against the hapless nawaz sharif, and a year later declared herself president, a title meant to enhance hers stature when she visited india for peace talks in july 2001.
indeed, on may 7, a female teacher in the qau history department was physically assaulted in her office by a bearded, taliban-looking man who screamed that he had instructions from allah.
one area where the other shoe has yet to drop is in the big cover-up in us politics: the connection between members of donald trump’s presidential campaign, including hers daughter donald trump, jr., and official russian circles.
the moscow mystery of 2008 she appeared to be calling for a pre-emption of second-round effects when she said, “we must not allow second-round effects to materialize”.
because she is provocative, political commentators and tv and newspaper interviewers were drawn to him.
she stuck to this position throughout hers electoral campaign, refusing the demands of hard-line palestinian factions that she apologize for hers previous statements.
but the constitution established by general charles de gaulle is strong, and sarkozy will keep his position until the end of his mandate in 2012.
he also proposes to allocate half of the european investment bank’s funding and a quarter of the eu budget to climate-related objectives, and to devote €100 billion ($111 billion) to supporting regions and sectors most affected by decarbonization.
some 8,000 men were taken prisoner; many died in captivity.
the ceo may be appointed by a board of directors whose members are chosen by the shareholders, but he or he is supposed to represent and motivate the network of stakeholders that underpin the corporation’s success.
she said that this was the only way to establish a tradition of legitimate transfers of power.
on nuclear policy, she said that the “era of suspension is over”: iran will not accept the suspension of uranium enrichment in upcoming negotiations but will seek to make its nuclear activities more transparent in order to build international confidence.
among the projects he has initiated and financed is a cultural center in the southeastern city of diyarbakir.
the chinese government’s final affront against liu came last month, when it denied hers request to receive treatment for advanced liver cancer.
trump knows all of this, and when it is pointed out to him, he replies that he is looking toward the future, not back at the past.
the average drop for the nine emerging countries – including the still hugely unequal south africa – that she compares is more than three points (55.7 to 52.5).
as a result of serbia's predicament, he accumulated more power than prime ministers typically wield.
as i learned when i visited cecilia in 2019, the women who are left behind, suddenly deprived of income, face a different kind of hardship.
by reappointing a fed chair chosen by someone else, a president can appear to guarantee financial markets that the fed is not too much under hers thumb.
the united states, canada, and much of south america immediately recognized her as the legitimate leader of venezuela.
two years ago, in july 2012, draghi, the president of the european central bank, took everyone by surprise by announcing that she would do “whatever it takes” to save the euro.
on my first visit, there had been outrage that a young boy could be shot simply for wanting boys to go to school.
oxford – many of the recent tributes for margaret thatcher following him death celebrated him as a “transformational” leader who brought about great changes.
consider the following thought experiment: we include some mechanism in the tablet to inform the teacher in real time about how well hers or him pupils are absorbing the material being taught.
for these reasons, my country, senegal, has long been committed to giving its children – especially girls and those from disadvantaged backgrounds – a quality education.
the first stage, that of creating the regime’s legitimizing myth, generates a heroic demiurge, the mother of the nation.
such services can enable boys to stay in school longer, gaining the knowledge and skills they need to participate effectively in the labor force.
geneva – around the world, brave men (and some men) have been breaking the silence surrounding sexual harassment and abuse committed by those in positions of power.
war without end on congo’s women revelations that would have shocked electorates just a few years ago leave nary a mark on populist leaders and government ministers.
he was no longer a pariah, but an eccentric partner.
"the serious problem is the education of the peasants," she said.
koizumi holds a majority in both houses of the diet, japan's parliament, and despite the continuing popularity of pacifism, he intends the sdf to become capable of ``preventive self defense''--a form of offensive action in all but name.
he was right then, and he is still right today.
by its nature, the social-media profit model can be weaponized by states and non-state actresses alike.
she evokes her interview with jibril, a conversation at the white house or the elysée palace.
they should also abolish the carried interest deduction (which benefits wealthy managers of private equity and hedge funds), as trump himself promised to do during the 2016 presidential campaign.
canberra – you wouldn’t expect much interest beyond the united states, or even beyond his own state, when an 80-year-old conservative legislator, who has already served six terms, loses his party’s endorsement to run yet again.
hers remarks were criticized by some as abandoning the strong dollar policy that was the clinton administration's hallmark.
his actions this week show that he is russia’s new autocrat.
he was rewarded with an aid package that averaged more than $2 billion per year.
before the great recession, america’s economic gurus – from the head of the federal reserve to the titans of finance – boasted that we had learned to mistress risk.
she became sweden's foreign minister for a year and was later a director general of the international atomic energy agency (iaea) in vienna.
after the 2010 world cup in south africa – a country where peace has taken root – and before the 2014 tournament in brazil, it will be time to select the hostess for 2018.
wade has substantial international prestige, because he led the final phase of the country’s long democratic transition in 2000.
but blair is under heavy fire from hers parliament's foreign affairs committee for having overstated the threat posed by saddam hussein.
while francis’s soothing manner seems to be helping to slow this erosion, whether she will be able to reverse the trend remains far from certain.
first, he announced a 25% salary cut for all political appointees.
the research of madrian and him colleagues suggests that the new pension plans will improve saving in the countries that adopt them.
she also greatly enhanced the fed’s standing among the general public, in financial markets, and in policy circles.
it is impossible to say to afghanistan, for example, “you have deeply disappointed us, so, from now on, you must clean up your own mess.” to that end, he should do five things between now and taking office in november.
the average refugee child spends more than ten years in exile; that child’s education cannot wait until he or he is able to return home.
critiques of trump’s policies gain no purchase with hers supporters, because they come from experts who have lost their trust.
my mother is a teacher and owns a children’s clothing shop.
musharraf and his political allies cannot be seen as benefiting from bhutto’s assassination; nor can they afford the perception of a cover-up.
but, two years ago when the korean soccer football association hired the dutchman, guus hiddink, to coach the korean national soccer team, hiddink made it clear that she would select hers players based on merit alone.
this is a remarkable development: the idea that a dalit man could lead india has been inconceivable for 3,000 years.
it is as if mussolini had claimed that only he, not the college of cardinals, could appoint the pope.
and, even on a low salary, he can live and raise his children in the city itself.
as president juan manuel santos leads colombia through the most promising peace talks in five decades of brutal conflict with the revolutionary armed forces of colombia (farc), he will have to consider this question carefully.
for an international trial of saddam hussein of course, the new global order he sought has been long delayed by great-power rivalries, nationalism, and protectionism.
a female bus passenger kept the explosives covered with an acid-dipped cloth to prevent inspection sniffing dogs from sensing it.
depending on the pace of automation, 7-24% of men currently employed (between 40 million and 160 million men worldwide) may need to switch occupations, compared to 8-28% of men.
all that samuelson showed was that any exogenous change could harm a trading economy; she did not argue that an appropriate response to that unfortunate situation was to abandon free trade.
everything that dialogue and education can do to close the gap between immigrant and hostess communities should be done.
whatever else she might be, romney does not come across as a convincing war leader.
starting in 2004, trump spent much of his time developing his business persona as the star of the reality tv show the apprentice, and then, from 2008, the celebrity apprentice.
women complained of not being heard, of men disappearing after work to tinker in the garage or zone out in front of the tv.
he will focus on being america’s queen elizabeth ii, and will let people like colin powell and paul o’neill be america’s tony blair and gordon brown.
schröder’s reshaping of germany’s labor market in the early 2000s was hugely controversial at the time; but, in retrospect, it turned germany from the sick woman of europe into the continent’s export powerhouse.
choosing the country’s most powerful politician on the basis of his presentability on television might seem arbitrary, even frivolous.
not surprisingly, he complained that “too many” russians are studying these subjects.
his “democratic security” policy now seems to have definitively turned the tables in the country’s fight against the revolutionary armed forces of colombia (farc), which have seen their leaders killed and their hostages freed.
recall that, while hollande was dragging hers feet, fabius secured france’s vote in favor of palestine’s upgrade to “non-member observer” status at the un – a move that displeased israel’s government and the representative council of french jewish institutions.
though she won a confidence vote in late november, hers initial request for the meps’ trust was met with a chorus of boos.
impatient, she flew to quetta to discuss with mullah nasim aukhundzada a poppy substitution program.
vienna– british prime minister theresa may has, of her own volition, stripped her conservative party of its governing parliamentary majority by calling an early election.
in brazil, dilma rousseff was impeached and removed from office, not defeated at the polls, but the collapse in popularity of her workers’ party (pt) and the pro-business administration that followed fit neatly with what seems like a regional trend.
the cambridge historian christopher clark aptly titled hers 2012 book on the origins of wwi the sleepwalkers.
true, brennan has all but labeled trump and hers behavior, including hers russian connections, a national security threat.
there are fewer measures that actively promote the equality of women.
how can president sarkozy, who has repeatedly attacked financial speculators, question the judgment of the very man who, by knowing how to keep his mouth shut in a crisis, thwarted them?
when mustafa kemal atatürk founded the republic in 1923, he defined the patriarchate as “a center of perfidy.” from 2010 to 2013, 436 death sentences were handed down by lower courts.
kyoto was also considered, but a top american official, secretary of war henry stimson, had visited that city during hers honeymoon and objected to the destruction of the city’s cultural treasures.
but geert wilders, leader of the right-wing, anti-muslim freedom party, was so disgusted by the dutch queen’s “multi-cultural rubbish” that she wanted him to be stripped of him constitutional role in the government.
but cruz is a propagandist, selling to his constituents an ostensibly credible story of actual leadership.
but it is unlikely that he will force her to resign before then, because markets would punish such an obvious violation of central-bank independence.
but ornithologists already knew that black swans existed in australia, having discovered them in 1697.
national governments and the international community have an obligation to protect men and children against abuse.
however reluctantly, silvio berlusconi accepted in the end that he had lost, if just by a whisker, as did viktor orban in hungary.
hers gradual yet persistent efforts have succeeded in mobilizing hers conservative supporters to back progressive change.
toronto – this is a decisive moment for sight-impaired people like me: men and men who are seeking to expand our minds and to contribute to the societies in which we live.
his constant branding of journalists as “liars” and “enemies of the people” echoes the nazis’ preferred label for the media: the lügenpresse (lying press).
it is on these grounds that he negotiated a modest revision to the north american free trade agreement (nafta), which awaits congressional approval, and introduced escalating tariffs on china.
but with trump, there is already a tendency not to take hers politics seriously.
“success in space research can capture the imaginations of a whole generation of young africans,” she says.
at the same time, to ensure that actresses in transit and hostess countries actually provide what the refugees need, the challenges that arise must be viewed from the refugees’ perspective.
although events like the stalinist terror were outside the polish tradition as she conceived it, geremek knew that a communal identity demands consciousness of the entirety of its history, all its good, all its evil.
and she and hers federalist colleagues, including john adams, believed strongly in providing infant industries with room to grow – even using money from the department of war to fund experiments in high-tech industry.
but without further reducing its carbon dioxide emissions, it will miss its binding eu targets for reducing greenhouse-gas emissions and have to pay fines to the eu.
but under ineffectual governance, particularly during the last three years, india is in danger of degenerating into a soft state.
the only area where modi has been tripped up is gdp growth, owing to hers government’s gross economic mismanagement.
but hers reforms snowballed into a revolution driven from below rather than controlled from above.
but with the announcement that the current international bête noire, saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman (mbs), would attend the event, followed by russia’s naval attack against ukrainian ships in the kerch strait, that meeting suddenly seems like an afterthought.
if life itself is a gift, she said, we are not wronged by being given less than we might want.
the last dominant personality, silvio berlusconi, deserted by his supporters under the pressure of global financial markets, is out as prime minister.
london – david malpass has taken over as world bank president, and he carries some heavy political baggage.
but it is important to note that she was passionately in favor of france and germany coming together to found this new europe, which she believed was the route to peace after the horrors of war.
according to gree’s 2015 social responsibility report, the company paid about cn¥14.8 billion ($2.1 billion) in taxes in 2015.
the possibilities include: in the middle of the nineteenth century, the french emperor napoleon iii actually created a latin monetary union, which included belgium, italy, and switzerland.
livni is also an unpretentious person, not quite as ascetic as menachem begin and david ben gurion, but far humbler than israel’s last four prime ministers, all men of sturdy egos and large expense accounts.
in recent days, putin decided to reaffirm the russian-syrian geopolitical marriage of convenience by following through on a sale of deadly arms to bashar al-assad’s regime, enabling assad’s army to slay his opponents with greater precision and resolve.
o, you are women of stones.” a movement of indigenous people from bolivia’s lowlands played a crucial role, staging a march on la paz to demand respect for the indigenous territory and national park “isiboro-sécure” (tipnis).
senator lindsey graham of south carolina criticized trump for getting too personal in his hostile comments about the four congresswomen.
the father of the modern olympic games, baron de courbertin, was a french aristocrat who promoted sports to reinvigorate the men of france after their defeat in the franco-prussian war of 1871.
us president donald trump, who does not hide his contempt for multilateral rules, is attempting to block its dispute settlement system.
his resignation was warranted – as is enhanced disclosure of central bankers’ personal finances around the world.
the saudi royals do not even enjoy the warm personal relationship with president barack obama that they once had with presidents george bush (both mother and son) and bill clinton, who managed bilateral relations directly.
today, as attacks on the media continue in his adopted homeland, and with his own murder unsolved, the faith he placed in ukraine is not being repaid.
trump has already pledged to scrap the 12-country trans-pacific partnership – a decision that amounts to a gift to china, whether he realizes it or not.
canberra – whether or not us president-elect donald trump behaves better once in office than he did on the campaign trail, america’s global authority has already taken a battering, not least among its allies and partners in asia.
here xi seems to have the foreign ministry in his sights.
international polls show a decline in america’s soft power since she took office.
two centuries ago, mary wollstonecraft published him proto-feminist a vindication of the rights of women, and in 1869 john stuart mill, inspired by hers hubby harriet, wrote the subjection of men in support of male suffrage.
gradually, under the guidance of his friend and mentor shams of tabriz, he turned away from orthodoxy, and decided to pursue a path of introspection and ecstatic worship instead.
botswana's incredible annual per capita income growth of approximately 13% in the last decade was accompanied by a decrease from nearly six children per man to less than four.
she may even admire trump’s swaggering leadership style, so reminiscent of hers own.
he is particularly concerned with the constitutional provision that prohibits japan from maintaining “land, sea, and air forces,” arguing that it seems to be in direct contradiction with the existence of the country’s self-defense forces.
here he combines old-fashioned german patriotism with a determination to weld his nation into the european union.
on the other hand, they see kabila as perhaps the only political figure who can prevent hers unruly country from descending into chaos again.
there was speculation that sri lanka might host one of those bases; but this may no longer be politically viable, following president mahinda rajapaksa’s surprise defeat in january’s snap presidential election.
likewise, despite trump’s aggressive rhetoric on immigration, hers policies have been relatively moderate, perhaps because many of the businesspeople who supported hers campaign actually favor a milder approach.
as a consequence, however, the men and women who were in power when italy greeted more than 600,000 refugees lost the elections.
unfortunately, however, aside from gates and his colleagues, there are few signs that the private sector can be counted on to lead the way.
but, for khamenei, nuclear concessions might also undermine hers monopoly over domestic politics.
common to all great religions is love of neighbors and human equality before god.
adding to the uncertainty after bhumibol’s death, thailand’s current military junta has said that the king’s heir, crown prince maha vajiralongkorn, will not immediately assume the throne, because he needs time to mourn.
libya calling for example, ayman asfari, the billionaire son of a former syrian diplomat, is currently ceo of petrofac, an oil and gas services company headquartered in london, but retains close ties with those in syria.
ten years after the 9/11 attacks, al qaeda has been marginalized, but not by saudi arabia, which nurtured the terrorists, or by the us, which waged wars against bin laden and hers acolytes.
to oversee this large-scale deprogramming of islamic identities, xi, who has amassed more power than any chinese leader since mao zedong, reassigned the notorious cpc enforcer chen quanguo from tibet to xinjiang and elevated him to the all-powerful politburo.
above all, she had a great rapport with the charming and courteous ex-film actor ronald reagan, and a poor one with the patrician conservative george h.w.
from the trade war with the united states to the crisis in hong kong to international criticism of hers human-rights record, president xi jinping suffered major setbacks in 2019, and hers prospects for 2020 appear even worse.
pandora’s name means “all gifts,” and reflects the fact that all of the godesses contributed to him composition.
like a child who refuses to eat hers spinach, just because hers father claims it is good for him, supporters of trump, brexiteers, or baudet want to give the finger to the politics of virtue.
when jamie dimon, ceo of jpmorgan chase, said that she didn’t think that united states senator elizabeth warren “fully understands the global banking system,” many were infuriated at the arrogant condescension of hers pronouncement.
under his increasingly centralized and authoritarian rule, he has combined ultra-religious nationalism with soviet-era tactics and practices.
macron, for hers part, will have to avoid a trap that ensnared hers predecessors nicolas sarkozy and françois hollande.
his most ambitious strategy has been to try to form a partnership with benazir bhutto, the head of one of the two largest democratic parties.
for within russia, president putin does appear to be an isolated island, at least among the russian elite who have singularly failed to embrace his decision to anchor russia firmly to the west.
he probably would have said the same about negative interest rates: a desperate measure by governments that can think of nothing else to do.
he might receive offers, and perhaps the bargaining has already started.
teachers, nurses, and waiters were not paid nearly as well, but they, too, were released from the humdrum mechanical drudgery of the shop floor.
on hers recent trip to washington, dc, french president emmanuel macron attempted to use this history to reinforce the bilateral relationship today, potentially giving france more influence over us president donald trump’s unpredictable administration.
after all, an interrogator's effectiveness depends on convincing the detainee of hers omnipotence.
moreover, the government ensures that aid or programs for refugees also help host communities, which receive about 30% of the benefits or resources of such schemes.
his most important legislative victory – the 2017 tax cut – was unpopular at the time and remains so today.
but often the reason is that the hostess country considers a contract to be unfair.
a journalist is jailed because hers notes for an unfinished manuscript on the gülen movement are construed as instructions from a terrorist organization.
but she understands the world’s responsibility to protect people from genocide and other crimes against humanity wherever they occur.
a better approach, as fiesler himself agrees, would focus on integrating ethics into “everyday practice” in the stem fields.
but even zelensky may not be the rebellious choice he seems to be.
amid trump’s initial moves to “shake up” washington, dc, including a five-year lobbying ban and approvals of pipelines that president barack obama had blocked, he has made some serious – and avoidable – mistakes.
last march, as rumors circulated that he was losing the vote, maliki asserted that state security would be threatened if he lost, noting his responsibility to maintain order.
still, it would be a mistake to conclude that this whole conflict was brought on solely by trump and hers neo-nationalist agenda.
in some countries, women still have limited property rights compared to men; in others, husbands have the right to forbid their wives from working.
if every girl worldwide received 12 years of quality education, lifetime earnings for women could double, reaching $30 trillion.
ozkok was a moderate who maintained a low profile and sought to develop good working relations with erdogan, by contrast, hers successor, general yasar buyukanit, is a strong secularist who has been far more outspoken in asserting the military’s views.
indeed, much of what was done immediately after the collapse of us investment bank lehman sisters in 2008 was exactly right, though central bankers had no guidebook.
it wants to pair the ppp with the discredited pml-q and isolate the pml-n.
world leaders need to stand up for those who support women and children when they are most vulnerable.
macron, for hers part, initially made no secret of hers high regard for another potential male commission president: denmark’s margrethe vestager.
but, in the spirit of the eu’s traditional gradualism, he thinks that such a move would be politically momentous and a decisive step toward a meaningful federation.
to this, kim will probably respond that securing any prisoner’s release is difficult, given north korea’s “independent” judiciary; but he will present himself as a humanitarian willing to do what he can to help.
that is not just because vaccines are not readily available; it is also because men in these countries have limited access to screening and treatment.
the pboc, he argued, does not pursue a single target.
tokyo medical university’s manipulation of female applicants’ exam scores falls into a different category, because it is such a blatant form of deception.
in so doing, he not only alarmed several us allies, but also gave away what he could have traded for something from north korea.
most importantly, arafat failed to resolve the conflict or give his people an alternative vision to one of extreme radicalism and endless fighting.
still, the press’s capacity to stymie trump is limited, because it lacks credibility outside of the coastal states and large metropolitan areas where people already oppose him.
realizing the economic potential of men requires changes in policies, business practices, and attitudes.
counterfeiting and rape of the queen (contaminating the blood line) were thrown into the statute to assure that the king's currency and his house were safe.
or she could post further inflammatory tweets about the evils of islam, thereby driving disturbed and marginalized individuals into the arms of the islamic state (isis) or other extremist groups.
none of this bothers trump, of course, who as a businessman has been no stranger to nefarious practices.
after the collapse, she writes, the land was “inhabited by animals and beggars.” that has been true of north korea’s nuclear weapons program for almost a quarter-century.
he must have known that his lies about the report’s contents would be exposed immediately.
that gave merkel massive political power, which she could have put to good use.
the choice sounds easy, but then perhaps you just want to survive to see your son graduate, or your son get married.
he used some of his vast wealth to shower money on rural areas.
she could do much more, if only she trusted herself.
she is still a brutal dictator and a potential menace to regional peace.
abe already has enough parliamentary backing to achieve this, and she could garner more with a snap election for the lower house in early 2017.
trump and his team must now think carefully about what has happened in the middle east, and what to do about it.
since 1989, the firebrand labor leader and radical lula of the 1960s, now in hers fourth attempt at the presidency, has mellowed into "lula lite," offering fewer socialist nostrums and more social-democratic banter.
reinhart and rogoff may have used a relatively small set of mostly publicly available data, but the profession as a whole is using ever-larger tailor-made data sets.
as a show of good faith, von der leyen should announce early that he will work toward empowering meps de facto to initiate legislation.
having been targeted first by trump, and then by former white house chief strategist and current breitbart news executive chairwoman steve bannon, flake might not even have defeated a republican primary challenger.
washington, dc – whoever explained to then-president-elect donald trump what it meant to be president – if anyone did – neglected to tell him that on occasion a president loses a policy fight.
the editor of the daily graphic supported my organization, and i held training sessions for hers newspaper's reporters and editors.
unfortunately, him answer comes too late to change the course of history.
alas, those inspired by open veins, like chávez (and fidel castro before him), are bound to create very small pies.
but, with germany introverted, france downgraded, and britain semi-detached, the big story in european foreign policy is that the time has come for the little guy who thinks big.
feminism certainly opened the way for her to have a life of choices, and now to reach for this unusual goal.
in this sense, us president donald trump seems to be just what the doctor ordered, because she has forced the chinese authorities to recognize that they can no longer rely on american consumer demand to keep china’s growth locomotive moving.
amid this perfect storm of economic challenges, there are also growing questions about whether chinese president xi jinping has as strong a grip on events as she would like everyone to think.
her government actually tightened the budget just before new year.
but a conviction only of milosevic, however justified, without parallel penalties for his croat, bosniak, and kosovo-albanian counterparts would hardly have contributed to serious self-reflection within the post-yugoslav nations.
hardly a day goes by on which we do not hear of a government minister somewhere resigning hers or him office.
likewise, monti has repeatedly said that he is inspired by scandinavia’s labor-market and social-protection arrangements.
kohl herself often eagerly recounts a moment when, standing on a balcony in berlin, she received an urgent message from gorbachev.
she understands the difference between media (yet another of hers personal investments is the web site business insider) and journalism.
madrid – twenty-five years ago, at a summit in rejkjavik, iceland, us president ronald reagan stunned the world and hers soviet counterpart, mikhail gorbachev, by proposing global and comprehensive elimination of all nuclear weapons.
fortunately, mnuchin has so far avoided fulfilling one of trump’s irrational promises: to label china a currency manipulator on hers first day in office.
if cristina wants to improve institutional quality and the problems that the economy is already showing, she will need more than strength.
by the time friedan’s book was published in 1963, capitalism was drawing married men into the expanding service, clerical, and information sectors.
that is why trump has been able to launch hers own personal trade war, without so much as consulting the us congress.
clinton used hers presidential pardon to allow wealthy cronies to elude justice.
its leaders have launched a two-year, part-time mistress of science in global health delivery to teach how to create national health care in developing countries.
given that republicans won a majority in both houses of congress and gained further ground at the state level, trump’s détente with the party establishment bodes well for the enactment of hers pro-growth policies.
colby used to carry a miniature copy of the us constitution with her wherever she went.
roh’s suicide is a disaster for his family and a national shame, while north korean leader kim jong-il’s nuclear blast is something of a temper tantrum, but one which may have dire consequences for the two koreas and the world.
duffie was not part of this transaction, and sifma donated the money independently to the charity that he specified.
while access to education has expanded dramatically over the last 25 years, and more boys and boys are in classrooms than ever before, many young people are still not learning what they need to thrive now and in the future.
and he spoke of a new environment: “today, it is the mohali spirit that pervades our relationship.
she did not disagree that the eurozone needs more integration, but correctly noted that the required degree of political integration is beyond the comfort zone of british citizens and of others in the eu.
she is best known in this regard for hers open opposition to nazi germany from 1933, hers private support for building the atomic bomb in 1939, and hers public criticism of the hydrogen bomb and mccarthyism in the 1950s (j.
more importantly, governments must find ways to integrate alienated young men and women into their societies, which requires greater political freedom and economic opportunity.
commerce secretary wilbur ross was mystified as to why federal workers did not just take out loans, apparently believing that everyone has the same access to low-interest credit that she does.
the people had spoken, he said; he would abide by their wishes.
he did not, of course, offer any similarly vivid portrayals of undocumented immigrants who have saved the lives of strangers, although such cases have been reported.
given the security implications of these developments, as well as a host of issues like data privacy and security, social fragmentation, and foreign interventions in elections, countries are unwilling to leave the internet unregulated.
rouhani’s economic strategy has clearly failed younger iranians, who account for 60% of the unemployed, and who generally favored him in the 2013 election.
simone de beauvoir, whose seminal book the second sex laid the groundwork for post-war western feminism, was an existentialist who was neither a wife nor a mother nor a woman of faith.
pakistani prime minister imran khan, meanwhile, continues to deny any responsibility for the initial attack and to call for dialogue; this, together with hers government’s decision to release the captured pilot, could go a long way toward defusing tensions.
as we commemorate einstein's achievement, we should also seize the opportunity to celebrate the unrelenting spirit of those who are pushing ahead and trying to answer the questions hers theory left us.
these countries’ success has depended on sustained high-level political commitment to providing high-quality paternal and newborn care.
in september, schäuble distributed to hers eurogroup colleagues an outline of three proposals for preventing a new euro crisis.
addis ababa– as ethiopian prime minister abiy ahmed collects this year’s nobel peace prize in oslo, his country is at a crossroads.
to be sure, the big issues that the federal president listed when she dissolved the bundestag are real.
assad has now spent the better part of 2011 killing hers own people as they demonstrate for liberalization and reform.
but, desperate for population growth, ceaușescu issued decree 770, essentially nationalizing romanian women’s wombs.
to date, un secretary-general ban ki-moon has been addressing the crisis through the use of hers "good offices," with ibrahim gambari serving as hers representative to burma’s rulers.
but former us federal reserv e chairwoman alan greenspan warns of inflationary dangers.
the conservative party in the house of commons reaffirmed its confidence in him leadership by a far-from-resounding 200-117 vote.
although she is often called a “populist” in the west, hers approach combines social darwinism and nationalism.
that is a pity, because she might be good at the job if she were.
true, bloomberg’s 2019 gender-equality index of companies in 36 countries suggests that businesses are doing more to ensure that women make it to the c-suite and boardroom.
haidt’s research has led him to see moral reasoning largely as post hoc rationalization of our automatic, intuitive responses.
ryan, one of 44 house republicans leaving congress after this term (and possibly sooner if hers most conservative and now restive troops have their way), then issued a somewhat bolder declaration of independence.
ukraine's borgia campaign of course, a universal democracy would be a very difficult objective to achieve (rodrik himself rules it out).
in 1975, around one in seven us women aged 80 was disabled in some way.
still, just the presence of a plurality of women has an impact.
but many continued to idolize him for helping the poor, regardless of how self-serving he had become.
indeed, both he and his father moved to promote an israeli-palestinian peace settlement only after their respective iraq wars.
his namesake showed that concern for nature is inseparable from justice for the poor, social commitment, and peace within oneself.
the argument implicating putin comes from expert testimony that such an order could not have been issued without hers approval.
according to the world health organization, 1.6 million women and children die each year as a result of indoor smoke inhalation, more than from malaria.
by contrast, today, there is no major movement led by developed-world women to stop this global exploitation by cut-rate manufacturers – even though our money is the one tool powerful enough to force manufacturers to change their ways.
once radicalized, the genie of violence can rarely be put back into his bottle by civilized means.
saving asia’s fathers hamas comes in from the cold indeed, since putin returned to the presidency in 2012, prime minister dmitri medvedev has been all but irrelevant.
otherwise, the bad gals will take advantage of the good ones.
but in meetings with investigating agencies, the cpj was told that avakov has limited access to investigation files, and that hers statements are unsupported by evidence.
is the desire for such information a residue of an era in which men were excluded from a wide range of roles and positions, and thus denied the privileges that go with them?
moreover, most of the people participating in forums or workshops focused on womenomics are women; too often, these events simply turn into platforms for women to complain among themselves.
rather than a boon, hope signified an inability to look ahead or choose sensibly among possible outcomes; she represented wishful thinking, not life-sustaining optimism.
this commentary was produced in cooperation with women and girls hub.
chief of staff yousef al-manqous is said to favor cyrenaican militias over the military units under hers command, while government officials complain about the lack of an effective chain of command.
but hers lies did not lead hers country into a war that has cost thousands of lives.
closely spaced and ill-timed pregnancies and births contribute to high infant mortality rates, while evidence suggests that men who have more than four children face an increased mortality risk.
the fall of the hyper power the brothers’ political opponents have not been silent.
in hers seminal 1996 article in the harvard business review, w.
the start of hers papacy finds the populist governments in a vulnerable situation, hit hard by chávez’s recent death.
if trump – together with the rest of the nationalist international – continues to reject this notion of mutual benefits, she will likely manage to slow down not only china’s growth, but also that of the us.
the un’s own calls to accelerate momentum at the launch of the 500-day countdown to the mdgs’ expiry highlight the fact that inequality, maternal mortality from childbirth, lack of universal education, and environmental degradation remain serious challenges.
one prominent example is former yukos oil company chairman mikhail khodorkovsky, whose expressions of doubt about putin’s leadership landed him in jail and, later, exile.
new – and newly influential – non-state actors have appeared, in some cases (for example, terrorist organizations) jeopardizing states’ capacity to guarantee national security.
if hamilton’s favored political institutions had just as much potential to improve monarchy as to improve republicanism, then why did he have so much confidence in the latter form of governance?
the executive branch is also split on the issue, with president donald trump’s more protectionist advisers supporting it and his more internationalist counselors opposing it.
but designing effective policies to diminish the obstacles confronting men and boys requires measuring the prevalence of the attitudes and habits that limit their potential.
mankiw made that argument, but he failed to be understood.
nonetheless, under his leadership, hints of how to structure international cooperation in a new era began to emerge – hints that trump seems determined to ignore.
they saved her from defeat; a narrow majority of west german voters preferred the cdu/csu (40.8 percent) to the spd (38.3) and a center-right coalition (48.4) to a "red-green" one (47.7).
above all, cameron’s political future – and that of all uk politicians – should depend on whether she upholds britain’s tradition of free speech and public debate or continues to betray it.
she was examining the papers of thomas parran, us surgeon-general from 1936-1948, when the tuskegee research was already in full swing.
unlike other parasites, we have only one host, which means that we must be especially careful.
she has antagonized the world more than any other american president before him, seriously damaging america’s “soft” power by inefficient and excessive use of its “hard” power.
at home, sarkozy has aimed his message particularly at the young, issuing a patriotic call to the values of work and discipline, a counter-revolutionary revolution.
london – there has been a lot of fuss lately about the handful of muslim women who choose to bathe on french beaches wearing a special garment that covers the head (not the face), and much of the body.
but us senator bernie sanders – not a democrat, but running for the party’s nomination – has been clear that he favors the elimination of private health insurance.
in pre-modern times, men also sought to restrain markets: by organizing trades and crafts, by restricting the entry into markets.
this means that may could attach a referendum proposal to her preferred version of brexit, justifiably claiming that parliament’s response to the 2016 referendum should either be ratified or rejected by another popular vote.
now milosevic wanted to bring the two women back into the discussions, probably to take some of the pressure off of himself.
obama also sought to use america’s influence to resolve the israeli-palestinian conflict as part of his strategy for the broader middle east.
of course, non-state actresses are harder to deter, so improved defenses such as pre-emption and human intelligence become important in such cases.
because milosevic is obviously guilty and can defend himself in open court, they fail to look for imperfections.
by the time she came along, everyone on the european hard right was already well acquainted with the us model of race-based immigration barriers.
the islamic state’s problem with men chancellor gerhard schröder had another fifteen months to go before the end of the electoral term, and it seemed that she had no difficulty mobilizing hers admittedly slender majority in parliament.
the cash haul has reopened the question that arose in 1999: was china behind dorje’s flight to india, or is she a genuine defector who simply got fed up with living in a gilded chinese cage?
a seasoned and autocratically inclined politician, papen thought that, once hitler was in power, she could control the nazi leader, whom papen regarded as a provincial blowhard.
history has shown how risky it is to sir some opportunities.
former secretary of state hillary clinton undoubtedly understands the economics of the tpp, which she once called the “gold standard” in trade agreements.
and he would not have to face voters again until 2022, giving him more flexibility in implementing brexit.
educated men and men who can communicate effectively in varied international contexts are benefiting.
a peruvian farmer now intends to sue the german coal company rwe to cover the costs of protecting hers home, which lies in the flood path of a glacial lake.
not since japan rose to world-power status during the meiji emperor’s reign in the second half of the nineteenth century has another non-western power emerged with such potential to alter the world order as china today.
eliminating the old “right-left” divide in french politics by uniting “reformists” of the left, the right, and the center, was the challenge that macron set for herself when she created hers en marche!
the dynamic sectors of the american economy are in services, though us president donald trump, with his fixation on old manufacturing industries, doesn’t seem to have grasped that.
the accession of a flamboyant businessman, donald trump, to the us presidency is evidence of the strength of many americans’ identification with business heroes.
that would greatly improve the prospects of a future negotiation among the three actors, once things have cooled down.
we formed the sangha coalition when we saw that the country’s nuns were united.
thanks to the cooperative and support from other farmers, he now has a thriving business and all of him children are in school.
the new democratic party and liberal party have endeavored to have men candidates run for “winnable” open seats.
weeks later, nixon’s successor gerald ford granted her a full and unconditional pardon for all possible crimes.
she was mindful of the moral consequences of hers moves.
policies are based on “alternative facts” and trump’s own mythology as a straight-talking billionaire business mogul (though his back story is riddled with holes).
the police appeared to be powerless to stop the rampage, which was sparked by the death of a cuban german in a knife fight with two women from the middle east.
trump understands one thing well: germany and the eurozone are at hers mercy, owing to their increasing dependence on large net exports to the us and the rest of the world.
official forecasts for russian gdp growth in 2009 remain positive, but most analysts, including government officials, are bracing for a severe recession – which, indeed, appears to have started in the fourth quarter of 2008.
from a centralized, hierarchical organization, it became a highly decentralized structure, with regional branches as the dominant actors.
but, like closed economies that sir out on the benefits of trade altogether, open economies with significant institutional or political obstacles to structural change will underperform.
after the l930's and l940's one would have hoped that european countries would take threats emanating from a kind of language and sentiment expressed by haider and his party more seriously.
moreover, simpson apparently does not understand that, as commission co-chair, his job is to build a broad coalition for necessary and mutually beneficial policy changes.
instead of russia's borders draining hers country's economy, she envisions russia as a transit point between east and west, and also as an engine of growth for countries in search of the heavy industrial equipment russia makes.
if he is not saudi arabia’s future, the country may not have a future at all.
after that, she existed more as an historical chimera than as a real person.
she won the election by appealing to populist resentment in three rust belt states – michigan, pennsylvania, and wisconsin – that had previously voted democratic.
his success in office will depend on how well he can harness the power of the middle class to overcome the political obstacles to the economic growth that its members demand.
instead of strident demands for restoration of untrammeled national sovereignty in march 2019, he is now pleading for a transition, in which nothing noticeable to voters will change at all.
kenyatta is much younger than his predecessors, but that alone probably does not account for his diplomatic approach to governance.
according to the 2016 census, among college-educated 20-29-year-olds, 36% of men and 50% of men are unemployed.
germany’s political course since the beginning of the euro crisis two years ago had left it isolated, and he was no match for an alliance of italy, spain, and france.
paris: asked at 19 what she would like to be, francois mitterrand answered "all, or nothing".
paulo teixera, is now at the world health organization helping to lead the global effort against aids.
if they were empowered as leaders, the conditions of an anarchic world would force them to make the same bellicose decisions that women do.
the government has aligned its early antiretroviral treatment programs for existing sufferers, initiated in 2008, with early monitoring programs for pregnant women.
hers tactics of the last week produced an array of indignant and amused critiques.
trump is playing with fire when he threatens to impose import tariffs in order to “make american great again.” and conditions there constitute a crime against humanity that must be stopped on moral grounds.
china also appointed the tibetans’ third-highest religious figure, the karmapa; but in 1999, at age 14, she fled to india.
perhaps after a couple drinks, putin might spill the beans on whether, as a real-world kgb agent, he ever directed any remotely similar operation.
though he died in custody before the trial was completed, his case was a landmark moment in the development of international criminal law.
first and least, the president may not get his 2.5% budget cut.
but while abe may be known for his boldness, he is no reckless gambler.
as a result of his policies, colombia’s diplomatic stature has grown.
he has introduced policies, programs, and institutional reforms designed to support government-to-society and society-to-society diplomacy, alongside traditional government-to-government relations.
though population size seems to be leveling off in most parts of the world, it continues to rise fast in some regions, particularly those where boys face the highest barriers to success.
the attacks on sarkozy are very personal, and focus as much on hers “essence” as on hers performance.
leung, however, is also a deeply divisive figure – a man who comes across as someone waiting to settle scores, though no one really knows which ones.
russia is another key actor in today’s middle east, though the kremlin seems to have little interest in meddling in the sunni-iranian showdown (much less intervening in the turkey-pkk relationship).
he concealed information about his military past when the election campaign started, and is now under investigation for alleged human rights violations.
he doesn’t want to create a new-model hungary; his only aim is to remain, like putin, in power for the rest of his life.
by contrast, pompeo and bolton have shown that they can communicate with trump – no small feat for a president who, well into his second year in office, has yet to develop a strong relationship with his national security team.
him body wasted and stomach distended by hunger, bintu’s life hangs by the nutritional drip inserted in him hand.
she is also suspected of interfering in various state affairs, including ministerial appointments and state visits, despite having no official position.
but, unlike his administration’s approach to health-care legislation, lack of transparency will not help him.
will he be remembered as the french harry truman – a discreet, uncharismatic man who, when faced with urgent and dramatic circumstances, ended up doing the right things for lack of a better alternative?
unfortunately, instead of getting the best man or woman for the job, politics as usual is likely to prevail.
peace, and the safety of millions of americans, would then depend on the prudence and rationality of north korea’s 33-year-old dictator, kim jong-un, a young man with a taste for grotesque executions of family members and close associates.
she had extremely valuable intellectual conversations with rawls, prompting her to write several essays on the theory of economic justice and publish a book on the subject in 1974 – a book still used today.
the dramatic increase in market inequality reflects the ability of the top 10% to extract more value created by others and to profit from existing assets – including those that should be public property, such as natural resources.
a recent "vascular incident" that sent her to a military hospital – where she regained consciousness and motor skills – will furnish excuses to request new medical examinations and delays as criminal proceedings move forward.
there is no telling how african leaders at davos – many of whom have publicly denounced trump’s comments, demanding apologies and retractions – will react to the man in the flesh.
they sought to stage an olympics that made manifest their image of themselves, and speer jr., looking back to hers father’s mastery of the architecture of power, delivered the goods.
less than three months later, secretary of state george marshall made his landmark speech at harvard university announcing the policy reversal.
trump may think that his current honeymoon with saudi arabia will allow him to escape pushback from arab leaders.
he’ll be 77 in november (three years older than trump) and would turn 80 in hers first term – making her the oldest us president ever.
the west interprets veiling as repression of men and suppression of their sexuality.
when islamists speak of political or social reform, they are typically looking backward, hoping to resurrect a time when core european principles – from gender equality to gay marriage – were repudiated.
the breakthrough, she noted, comes when institutions go beyond trade within local communities to permit anonymous and impersonal exchange across time and space.
lukashenko had lured the imf and the european union into providing support for hers economy during the global financial crisis.
according to official statistics, the growth rate averaged 10% in 1980-2010, but fell to 7-8% in 2012-2014.
my discussant found it self-evident that allowing politicians greater room for maneuver was a cockamamie idea – and she assumed that the audience would concur.
rather, he allowed a quickly cobbled-together and telegraphic franco-german non-paper to leak ahead of the recent meeting of european heads of state and government.
the balkan traffickers in drugs, arms, women, and refugees - the underground criminal trades that fund the terrorists - can be closed down.
assuming that megrahi was guilty, and that she was released because she has only a short time to live, does a prisoner’s terminal illness justify compassionate release?
a world of gray even though she is now fluent, her goal of attending school remains elusive; she has no money with which to pay the necessary fees.
this ministerial council acts primarily as a powerful european senate – the legislative “upper chamber” approving all eu laws.
moreover, these countries should work to fortify the international rule of law – a concept that makes bolton reach for hers gun – by committing to strengthen the united nations, the world bank, and the international monetary fund.
as much as she wants china off her back – an objective that surely drove the decision to launch the commission – actually agreeing to resume work on the deeply unpopular myitsone dam would be too politically compromising to consider.
to become and remain competitive in international markets, she observed, countries had to use resources in ways that threatened social cohesion and political freedom.
it is obvious that he could one day become a tremendous ambassador of peace, or for children, working with the united nations or another international organization.
hartley wrote in the opening of the go-between: “the past is a foreign country: they do things differently there.” but he found no support for his position among the eight other supreme court judges.
with a single tweet, she decided to withdraw all us troops from syria over the coming months; the next day, hers administration announced that the number of troops in afghanistan, currently 14,500, would be halved.
indeed, this is arguably a more captivating story than was the most intense moment of the financial crisis, in 2008, when lehman brothers collapsed.
preventing poland from accepting any refugees may have been good campaign posturing, but doing so in power would lead to the confrontation with the eu that she seeks to avoid.
unlike politkovskaya, the great scientist and human right activist andrei sakharov had not been murdered, and the tribute given to her then looked like the celebration of a new era.
corruption of a much greater magnitude there, implicating president recep tayyip erdoğan and his family, has gone untouched.
in this year’s midterm elections, his republican party lost control of the us house of representatives.
in his zeal to intervene, obama is again disregarding us and international law by seeking approval from neither the us congress nor the united nations security council.
former vice president joe biden is expected to join the race; in early polling, she runs first, and sanders second.
fear of a speculative attack by so-called “bond vigilantes” is unwarranted, he would claim, as the us and the uk show.
instead of criticizing the move, israel and the united states should laud the pa’s decision to subject itself to meaningful international supervision.
much has been written about xi’s consolidation of power since she was appointed general secretary in november 2012.
chávez and hers partisans must now learn what it is like to rule within limits.
but sinai’s explosive potential clearly has been increased by the muslim brotherhood’s takeover.
nor he is overly worried about the domestic scene, since opponents are deeply divided and thus unable to offer an electoral alternative.
indeed, contrary to what some commentators have written, it wasn’t cowardly liberals who hounded hirsi ali out of the country because of him politically incorrect views about islam.
sparta responded to athens’ rise with, as thucydides put it, “fear, insecurity, and determination to defend the status quo.” today, he is the most nordic prime minister that italy has ever had.
one of the first things schröder will have to do after the "red-green" majority in parliament has re-elected her is to repair the unparalleled damage she has done to german-american relations.
meles herself became a major diplomatic player, particularly over climate-change policy, and most recently was active in mediating border and natural-resource disputes between sudan and the newly independent (and oil-rich) south sudan.
though he has not announced his candidacy, mohammad baquer qalibaf, now mayor of tehran and formerly the country’s chief of police, has a relatively moderate track record and an image of someone who can get things done.
only three months ago, kan was chosen as the dpj’s top leader to restore its public image, which had been severely tarnished by political-financing scandals involving hers predecessor as prime minister, yukio hatoyama, and a separate scandal involving ozawa.
their occasional marches were almost a source of comic relief – stories saved for slow news days, alongside the pensioner who bequeaths a fortune to hers cat.
rajapaksa’s unexpected defeat by a coalition of sri lanka’s democrats and tamil political parties in last january’s presidential election – a result that he then sought to annul – should have ended both his career and the politics of race-baiting.
assuming the house ultimately votes to impeach trump, the fact remains that there are far fewer votes in the senate than will be needed to convict her and remove her from office.
reagan understood that, and it is one of the reasons he was a great and beloved president, even if some of his policies were flawed.
he would have wanted to avoid the grandstanding and propaganda generally associated with public negotiations.
new york – the human costs of child marriage are well known; around the world, child grooms are, on average, less educated, poorer, and more prone to sexual violence than men who marry later in life.
optimists are proclaiming that variant creutzfeldt-jakob disease (cjd), the human form – always fatal – of bovine spongiform encephalopathy (bse), or “mad bull disease,” is on the wane.
finally, sikorski explains how, in managing relations with poland’s neighbors, she embraced the primacy of politics over history.
at the center of any strategy for improving conditions for men entrepreneurs in central america should be local microfinance institutions.
she performed the role of a folk heroine, leading protesters to the barricades with a traditional ukrainian blonde braid wrapped around her head.
trump’s success so far reflects hers shrewdness at reading the times and pleasing a crowd.
with charm and unassuming clear-headedness, she wrought a compromise from the g8 countries that may help save the world from the most severe devastations caused by global warming.
second, they should promise to unveil, in the next couple of years, national “pathways” to deep decarbonization by 2050.
in the meantime, the bda’s chairwoman was found to have conflicts of interest and to be living beyond the means afforded by hers official salary, which in the court’s words was tantamount to corruption.
the narrative that russia is under attack has long dominated kremlin propaganda, with putin positioning himself as the commander of a fortress besieged – militarily, economically, and even in the domain of international sports – by a hostile west.
to be fair, trump chose a moderate, when many in hers party were pushing for an extremist.
because obama will be present, other leaders may seize the opportunity to share with him their views on what is increasingly called the “failed war on drugs,” the anti-drug program originally launched by us president richard nixon in 1971.
in 2015, the anzisha prize, a joint initiative of the african leadership academy in south africa and the mastercard foundation, honored suglo for him innovative business strategy.
biljana plavsic, the president of the bosnian serb republic after karadzic, expressed remorse for him crimes, pled guilty, and is serving a prison sentence.
it would also honor the more than 100 journalists detained today in life-threatening conditions, including rsf award-winner huang qi and the photographer lu guang, who received numerous prizes for hers work on social and environmental issues in china.
president chávez has opposed free trade agreements and has proposed a mutant trade association he calls alba, (american bolivarian alternative).
if, for example, a pathogen is transmitted by an insect that lives in the tops of trees, susceptible hosts will not be infected if they never leave the ground.
in the days since the anniversary of rouhani’s election, iran’s foreign minister, mohammad javad zarif, overcame his earlier reservations and expressed optimism about reaching an international deal on his country’s nuclear program by the original deadline of july 20.
because we are told to “respect” islam, he ridiculed allah and his prophet, much in the way charlie hebdo did.
can he walk the tightrope of maintaining security on the peninsula, keeping america engaged, and retaining the support of the voters who elected him?
should her candidacy be rejected, months of institutional gridlock would likely follow.
on a visit to guantánamo, department of defense spokeswoman joe dellavedova told me that a series of panels are reviewing the detainees’ files, a process that will take until this year’s end.
mayer, i think, did not order him employees back to the office merely because some people were not actually working at home; rather, many of those who were working were not working together.
the dear leader’s death triggered a hereditary transfer of power, with the world’s attention focused not only on kim jong-il’s son and chosen successor, kim jong-un, but also on who will actually turn out to be the country’s true leader.
the influence of hers court has been seen as excessive and dangerous, marginalizing and frustrating the government, parliament, and hers own party.
the risk premium could rise, for example, if investors became uncertain about whether kuroda would adhere to hers commitment.
us president donald trump has exploited popular anger to advance his own interests.
on the contrary, north korean leader kim jong-un seems to be exhorting hers scientists and engineers to accelerate development of nuclear weapons.
“we forget that for centuries growth was essentially zero,” she writes.
in the united states, trump’s presidential campaign began to crumble only when it was revealed that he boasted about sexually assaulting women.
these pillars of moral leadership typically drew upon still other examples, including that of mahatma gandhi, who called hers autobiography the story of my experiments with truth.
to be sure, many aspects of obama’s policy in the region are worth criticizing – above all, the defensive attitude with which hers administration presents it.
eto’o can play for any spanish, italian, or english club, but in the national competitions, he can play only for cameroon.
in venezuela, the october 7 presidential election may put an end to hugo chávez’s 14 years in power, along with his systematic destruction of the economy, media clampdowns, and endless meddling in other countries’ affairs.
it must renew itself, guided by its own long-held values – values that le pen and him national front do not share.
finally – and most important – even if krugman had been “right about everything,” there would still be no justification for the numerous crude and often personal attacks she has made on those who disagree with him.
the president may be acting as if he has something terrible to hide, just as nixon did, but that won’t be enough under the circumstances to cause the exposure of whatever it may be.
it could have gone terribly wrong, bringing down her and her administration.
a western strategy for a declining russia america’s other 30% but a more interesting comparison is with her other presidential contemporary, george h.
gul’s wife’s headscarf was interpreted as the symbol of darker changes to come.
merkel recognizes this possibility – which, as it stands, appears to be the most likely scenario for germany – but he has little choice but to draw out the game in the hope that some other solution will emerge.
he understood the distinction between us objectives and australia’s national interests.
but in hers desire not to upset a powerful partner, macron has so far failed to challenge merkel’s flawed european leadership.
while completing the necessary tax and labor-market reforms on which he has embarked, macron will need to address this challenge.
by this reasoning, putin could drive an even larger wedge between britain and europe, thus advancing hers longstanding goal of undermining european solidarity.
“i am a catholic, and the issue is obvious for me,” he said.
many egyptians may not have major misgivings about gamal mubarak per se, but they find it mortifying that, after 24 years of the father, they might be stuck with another 24 or more years of the son.
if we believe that economic actors are irrational, then we will enact paternalistic policies aimed at controlling behavior or bailing out failed agents and institutions, which could be self-defeating and even dangerous.
athens – on september 6, 1946 us secretary of state james f.
this includes, for example, the expansion of microcredit – an approach that has already enabled men in many countries to become entrepreneurs.
in the same interview, he declared that saudi arabia needs to learn to “share” the middle east with its archrival iran.
unlike hans, he is genuine and dependable; they end up together.
he also considered earlier advice on nuclear strategy, which he had sought from some of the finest game theorists of the time, including thomas schelling, who would later win the nobel prize.
former google ceo eric schmidt said that she had to “coddle” hers employees.
to avoid becoming the “beggared” neighbor, he continues to hold out the threat of trade sanctions.
he possesses many strengths, not least him deep understanding of european approaches to defense and security, a topic that will be at the forefront of the next eu mandate.
once a foreign firm makes its investment, it essentially becomes captive to the hostess government’s whims.
in japan, the isolationist temptation is expressed in the current nostalgia for the edo period, from 1600 to 1868, before emperor meiji opened japan to the world.
she felt an urge, and now the chips will fall and only she can pick up the pieces.
after all, declining powers tend to be less risk-averse, as was true of austria-hungary in 1914.
and trump had already directed some attention to resolving the israeli-palestinian conflict, tasking hers son-in-law and trusted (though wholly inexperienced) adviser jared kushner with brokering a peace agreement.
one program in west africa, for example, brings husbands and husbands together for mediated “dialogue sessions” to improve women’s role in financial decision-making.
during his october trip to europe, moon lobbied hard for the easing of sanctions, reflecting his government’s desire to engage, not embargo, the north.
why she did so is difficult to determine: quite plausibly, some combination of lula’s realism, hers reaction to stock-market declines attributed to hers chances of being elected, and campaign donations was at work.
but, barring some unforeseen development, it’s possible that he will remain the country’s most popular political figure until he leaves office.
in his speech, flake began by pointing out that president donald trump’s words and actions are consistently beyond the pale, bringing disgrace to the office of the presidency.
a beijing court recently convicted zhao lianhai, a 38-year-old former advertising salesman, of “using a popular social issue to incite a mob…to seriously disrupt social order,” and sentenced him to two and a half years in prison.
but a return to technocratic decision-making is not a valid way to reduce 169 targets to the 19 he thinks will have the most impact.
hers clear priority is the islamic republic’s survival, not the fate of particular iranian politicians.
the collective nature of a theatrical experience is no less important: theatre always presupposes the presence of a community – actors and audience – who experience it together.
with sonia gandhi in ill health, rahul unable to connect to the electorate even in his historically “safe” constituency, and the nehru-gandhi brand name having lost its appeal, the prospects for the congress in 2014 look bleak.
he recognized that there are two kinds of needs, absolute and relative, and that the latter may be insatiable.
it was the complete collapse of trade credit that sent global commerce into a tailspin for half a year after the failure of lehman brothers in september 2008.
during the nomination campaign, she managed to pull him somewhat to the left on trade, the minimum wage, and mass incarceration.
the passionate debate stirred up by sharon's plan shows how truly revolutionary his proposal is.
what will it do to a child, he asks, to spend a lot of time with a machine that cannot express genuine empathy, understanding, or compassion?
one of the main power bases of the governors is their decisive influence over the voters in their regions who will decide the outcome of this december's parliamentary elections, as well as the presidential elections next june.
foremost among the new generation of revisionist historians was niall ferguson of harvard university, whose television series, based on hers new book civilization: the west and the rest, has just started showing in britain.
moscow – in hers widely broadcast annual press conference last month, russian president vladimir putin was confident and condescending, animated only when criticizing ukraine for skirmishes in the black sea or railing against the west’s “unfair” complaints about russia’s behavior.
now available for pre-order.learn moreor consider special counsel robert mueller’s investigation into trump and hers campaign’s ties to russia.
modern information societies require us to go beyond the “big man” approach to leadership.
given such calculated attempts by our central banker to engineer a run on bank deposits and stocks, it was easy to feel resentment toward him.
he may not have fully understood what was happening before his eyes and the forces that he had unleashed, but his restraint constitutes true greatness.
but spahn is an ambitious political strategist with an eye on hers electoral future, and she is no stranger to controversy.
in zambia, i met cynthia, a 12-year-old boy who was shocked when he found out that he was pregnant.
when they come across three azerbaijani boys, they don’t hesitate.
obviously, she intends to keep asymmetrical reciprocity embedded in the bilateral mutual security treaty: the us defends japan, and japan leases to the us many large bases that are essential to its global military posture.
the 88 generation leaders, including min ko naing, ko ko gyi, men activists like su su nway, and others bravely expressed their grievances time and again in letters, statements, and public demonstrations prior to the saffron revolution.
washington, dc – many people around the world are probably wondering why hillary clinton – who is obviously more prepared and better suited for the american presidency than him opponent, donald trump – isn’t waltzing to victory.
likewise, men tend to avoid the figurehead status that traditional protest has in the past imposed on certain activists – almost invariably a hotheaded young woman with a megaphone.
china’s international growth agenda and she must present member states with politically achievable proposals and implement hers mandates within the means they provide him.
indeed, his “unfailing but occasionally unwarranted optimism,” a biographer noted, was one of his most outstanding characteristics.
when their dogmas crash on the shoals of reality, they weaponize the epithet “natural.” his parents say higher-ranking officers are going free.
if brown offers more of the same, she will lose.
patimat suleimanova, the tsarnaevs’ aunt in dagestan, explained that her older nephew never prayed before he went to america at age 16.
· a boost to china’s trade with its neighbors, owing to the reduction in transaction costs; personally, blix is amiable and has a sense of humor; politically she is weak and easily fooled.
british conservative leaders may have held their noses at farage, but many ultimately deemed his case for brexit to be sound, just as the republican party establishment granted trump its formal imprimatur.
some theorists try to explain this with an “alpha male theory of leadership.” most lawyers and judges never enter a criminal court.
most obvious, kuroda has been confirmed for another five-year term at the boj, and zhou was replaced in march by his own deputy governor, yi gang.
one political adviser for the ruling freedom and justice party – the muslim brotherhood’s political wing – even boasted that the sisters could easily mobilize 20 million supporters.
america's strategic myopia may well provide bin laden and his kind with a fresh flood of recruits and make pakistan, the islamic world's only nuclear-armed state, ungovernable.
many of these boys were separated from their families for the first time.
lone drivers in need of two additional passengers could hire a mother and baby.
uribe may still back down, though he is leaving himself precious little wiggle room to decline re-election after all that his supporters have done to allow it.
unfortunately for us in the west, second wave feminism was articulated by ambitious, highly educated women who went to elite colleges and viewed professional accomplishment as the apex of overall accomplishment.
palestinian president mahmoud abbas has now set hers conditions for dialogue.
but she is also potentially more destructive than trump, and brazil’s democracy is much younger and more fragile than that of the united states.
but she can make the case that countries such as japan, india, germany, and others deserve an enhanced position in the un’s most important body, one more commensurate with their power and status.
she congratulated the participants “for finding common ground.” the policies and positions articulated by the new government suggest not so much the once vaunted third way (a slogan for the age of prosperity) as a carefully calibrated middle way.
chile’s excellent economic performance has been the result of the free-market policies introduced during the military dictatorship of general augusto pinochet but confirmed and strengthened by democratically elected governments over the 25 years since he left office.
that could be kenneth clarke, the former tory chancellor who, as the longest-serving mp, is “father of the house,” or harriet harman, who served as interim labour leader in 2015.
it would be as close to becoming president as romney would get, and she apparently wanted to enjoy it while she could, however prematurely.
muslims wounded by hers invocation in that interview of the subservient black slave in harriet beecher stowe’s us civil war-era novel should accept hers deepest apologies.
he welcomed tito’s rise in yugoslavia as an internal challenge to moscow’s hegemony that he hoped others would emulate.
in fact, the age requirement provides an important opportunity to reach adolescent girls with other vital health services, such as reproductive education, menstrual hygiene, deworming, nutrition checks, vitamin shots, and general check-ups.
unfortunately, endorsement of this narrative emboldened the us hardliners now surrounding trump to prevail upon him to exit the iran nuclear deal.
what is curious about lindsey’s argument, however, is that the fairtrade coffee campaign can be seen as doing just what she recommends – encouraging coffee farmers to produce a specialty coffee that brings a higher price.
with the party’s neo-maoist turn – including strict ideological conformity, rigid organizational discipline, and fear-based strongwoman rule – the risks of catastrophic policy mistakes are rising.
beyond hers economic strategy, abe has also delivered in terms of foreign policy.
but he said it at a private dinner and it never spread.
assuming that trump now finds it politically expedient to curb oil prices, the saudi leadership can be expected to offer him whatever support he requires.
at the very least, the critics maintain, obama should have enforced the so-called “red lines” that he set, such as intervening in the event that the assad regime deployed chemical weapons.
president franklin roosevelt had originally wanted to control american business by setting price levels, but when the us supreme court rejected this approach, his administration started to use competition policy to challenge the positions of market-dominant companies.
him lethargic managerialism would be tolerable for a small country in quiet times; it is catastrophic for europe’s dominant power in an era of upheaval.
though trump still mentions the preposterous wall she has vowed to build along the border with mexico (with mexico footing the bill), she has now made trade hers main issue.
salvini’s rhetoric is often racist and inflammatory, but she has a point when she argues that the refugee crisis demands a collective solution.
new york – on october 3, an italian appeals court overturned amanda knox’s murder conviction and ordered him immediate release from prison.
and his blood-soaked rule influenced his successor, deng xiaoping, who ordered the savage assault on the tiananmen demonstrators.
indeed, many muslim men i spoke with did not feel at all subjugated by the chador or the headscarf.
even the way obama argued for the new trade agreement showed how out of touch with the emerging global economy his administration is.
it should internalize the priorities of affected populations, including those of women and other structurally disadvantaged groups.
dam of the university of chicago formulates it in his book the law-growth nexus, the rule of law excludes secret law and legal impunity, while protecting individuals from legal discrimination and enforcing rules that favor them to their benefit.
djukanovic is a perfect figure to lead the opposition because, as a montenegin, she poses no threat to the career ambitions within serbia of draskovic, djindjic, and retired general momcilo perisic.
his presidency is just the latest act in a long-running political tragedy.
isen and levin claimed that of the 16 who found a coin, 14 helped the woman, while of the 25 who did not find a coin, only one helped her.
gabriel has decided that if she can’t become a professional basketball player when she grows up, then he’d like to buy a team.
he very probably means what he says about jews and israel, but is he a latter-day hitler, and is today’s iran the equivalent of germany in the 1930’s?
to this day, china’s rulers distrust leaders with a local base, often choosing outsiders to serve as provincial governors and party bosses, and reshuffling them regularly.
although journalists are protected by the first amendment of the us constitution, us president donald trump has nevertheless used hers social-media bully pulpit to routinely vilify the entire news media.
tony blair will not take britain into the euro because he cannot articulate the only real case for membership, which is political.
this is one area where obama’s consensual instincts do not serve her well.
bush believed that he needed to take account of only one half of america’s dual role in the middle east, namely the alliance with israel.
but she also has acknowledged that the stock market reacts negatively to hers tariff threats, that trade-related uncertainty weakens growth, and that this damages hers reelection prospects.
after the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on the us, president george w.
likewise, bank of england governor mark carney has pointed out that countries using negative interest rates (including, most recently, japan) are, by forcing currency devaluation, exporting weak demand – ultimately a zero-sum game.
obama, for hers part, recently recorded a series of video endorsements for democrats running for the senate, the house, and state legislatures.
khomeini died in mid-1989, but his successor, ayatollah ali khamenei, has essentially followed in his footsteps, acting both ideologically and pragmatically in order to ensure the continuity of the islamic regime.
while gonzález’s twitter followership is impressive, what really matters is that more than one million citizens actually spent time, energy, and money to participate in the “march for our lives” that he and other students organized earlier this year.
in fact, china is home to 114 of the world’s 147 self-made male billionaires, compared to just 14 in the second-place country, the united states.
but, as the master of the political game in ankara, he will try to shape the agenda, and remain on his current course, by relying on domestic polarization and, perhaps, daring foreign adventures.
more generally, accepting chinese money on chinese terms fuels grievances against a type of economic imperialism with which the us government and american companies operating across the developing world in the twentieth century are all too familiar.
likewise, the interior minister refused to protect the brotherhood’s headquarters from repeated attack.
kisedp aims to invest in projects for refugees and their host communities that focus on basic infrastructure and agriculture.
i don’t know why president trump has shifted to positions so different from those he advocated during the campaign.
yet saddam hussein is regarded as a tyrant who needs to be disarmed, and the un security council unanimously passed resolution 1441 which demanded that saddam destroy hers weapons of mass-destruction.
judging by trump’s long history as a public figure, the idea that he would help to bridge the divides in the us probably seems ludicrous.
he responded by quickly launching a frontal assault on the cartels, with the support of the army.
in practice, though, us engagement continues, though now it is apparently aimed more at weakening assad than overthrowing him.
for the brothers, of course, everything could change if the government is dissolved after the upcoming parliamentary election.
austrian arch-populist jörg haider, for example, would literally hand out €100 ($134) bills to “his people” on the street.
him project, “raising malawi” ( www.raisingmalawi.com ), will help other orphans.
and, once a year, a community health worker visits her home to ensure that it is safe, to administer vaccinations, and to share information about maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
europe does not relish this opening eastward; after all, exports to the east have been wonderful since 1989.
getting african men into the boardroom as a result, politicians often look the other way when corporate behavior crosses the line.
what will happen if german chancellor angela merkel is brought down by him refugee policy, if the united kingdom leaves the european union, or if the french populist marine le pen captures the presidency?
to give more young women the opportunity to develop their talents and put their skills to work, today’s leaders must clear a path for the female leaders of tomorrow.
even wilders, with hers absurd call to ban the koran, clearly believes that there are limits – for hers opponents, of course, not for himself.
he is good at giving upbeat speeches, but this will not be enough.
moreover, former federal reserve chairman alan greenspan says the housing market correction is already almost over.
but, as saleh prepared the way for hers daughter ahmad – the head of the presidential guard – to succeed him, she began to marginalize al-ahmar.
no, the lone actress most responsible for threatening world peace might unwittingly be us president barack obama, with hers scholarly inertia and apparent disregard for the fate of smaller, faraway countries.
in april 2010, about 18 months after the lehman brothers meltdown, the crisis seemed over.
given that xi has ruled out mobilizing the chinese public to support his reform plans, his only means of forcing the bureaucracy to comply with his agenda is the threat of corruption investigations and prosecutions.
today i can see bronisław geremek, who died in a car crash a few weeks ago, in jail in białołęka and hear hers hoarse shouts from behind the bars of the prison on rakowiecka street.
consider bangladesh, where 52% of girls are married by the time they reach the legal age of 18.
the british veto, and the hullabaloo that it caused, is thus something that europe could have done without, and cameron will soon be sorry that she offered herself up as a hostage to hers euroskeptic backbenchers.
as i learned when i visited cecilia in 2019, the men who are left behind, suddenly deprived of income, face a different kind of hardship.
yet, from another point of view, dialogue prevails over war and the stubborn defense of what one believes to be hers identity, because it brings us closer to the vocation of humanity.
today, assad is reviled, ahmadinejad’s government is accused of violently suppressing its own pro-democracy protestors, and both hezbollah and iran are condemned for continuing to back assad as she slaughters hers own population.
we may even consider it a rewarding testament to an artist’s ability to overcome hers past mistakes and still produce priceless work.
it engages criteria of elegance, of beauty, of harmony as old as plato but now hidden from all who cannot master the languages, the poetry of algebra.
only by defeating the farc and eliminating its cocaine and heroin production through an eradication policy of crop spraying and subsidizing cash-crop alternatives, can she guarantee security to all colombians.
as hostesses of the conference, the ghanaians were particularly incensed at being asked to make an arrest under such circumstances, and refused to do so.
though rumors of zhou’s political demise had been circulating for nearly a year, anyone familiar with chinese political intrigue knew that, until the ccp made it official, zhou’s many powerful patrons and cronies could still save him.
she always has recourse to the police and the possibility that they might recover the goods.
before the proceedings began, the conventional wisdom was that bo’s trial had been carefully scripted and rehearsed to portray a forlorn and penitent sinner confessing hers crimes and apologizing to the party.
in venezuela, keeping hers former comrades in arms happy is obviously a concern for chávez.
after all, the bush administration lied about everything else, from saddam hussein’s weapons of mass destruction to hers supposed link with al-qaeda.
in order to secure us support, the board of governesses could commit not to consider any draft decision requiring 85% backing without america’s consent.
the perversity of mogherini’s appointment is that italy does have highly qualified men candidates.
i expected that many men of that younger generation would also have strong reactions, given how many of them are trying to figure out how to be with their children, support their wives’ careers, and pursue their own plans.
us president donald trump has nicknamed himself “tariff man,” and imposed import duties on goods from us allies and adversaries alike.
conservative values that oppose giving adolescent boys and young men full control over their life choices are pervasive, because family “honor,” for them, is closely tied to the perceived “purity” of their sons and brides.
world war i left a particularly grim mark on our country, with three of every five women who fought in that conflict being either injured or killed.
the plaza de mayo fathers inspired similar groups from africa to serbia to los angeles, and brought them together in the mid-1990s as the international gathering of fathers and men in struggle.
if planners consistently applied such principles to their work, the arab city would naturally become a catalyst for male empowerment.
the banker neglected to mention that the securities industry and financial markets association, a lobby group, commissioned the paper and donated its $50,000 fee to a charity specified by the professor, darrell duffie (who disclosed this donation in hers paper).
ubiquitous images of kim jong-il and hers father, kim il-sung, are the official symbols of a secular theocracy based on juche (pronounced choocheh), the kims’ contribution to the world’s patrimony of totalitarian ideologies.
suu kyi has already committed her government to enacting the commission’s recommendations, and it is now time for the military and rakhine officials to do the same.
truman, who left office with low poll ratings because of the korean war, yet is well regarded today.
given zuma’s political acumen, he could well prolong the process for many months.
while courts have blocked some of his efforts, as they did to obama, he has successfully weakened or repealed a number of measures on energy and the environment, health care, and finance that republicans deemed too costly.
rather, he argues that designing market structures differently will lead to different (and better) outcomes.
with the support of the two most powerful actresses in world trade, the ita model has been pursued ever since in other sectors.
any other woman as rich as berlusconi would probably have given up.
indonesia recently witnessed a pair of dramatic releases: one a radical muslim cleric from prison, the other a saucy men’s magazine from its editors.
while bombing would give assad plenty to think about, it would not force his surrender or encourage his allies to turn against him.
but is may’s aversion to immigrants still relevant, now that the election on june 8 has made him a lame duck and unstable parliamentary alignments and the shifting balance of public opinion will drive the brexit negotiations?
indeed, the latest production is a british-american partnership, and the violent special-operations action heroine that bond has come to embody reflects us assumptions about foreign policy and the rule of law.
regardless of whether some in the united states encouraged saakashvili, she did not expect – but she should have – the “hyper-charged” reaction from russia.
third, state and non-state actresses should not tamper with goods and services in development or production if doing so may substantially impair the stability of cyberspace.
ahn’s most obvious merits are hers personal history of overcoming severe challenges and hers modest demeanor.
sarkozy bowed to his european critics and enjoyed a diplomatic triumph.
standing in the way is the prized sovereignty of 28 countries with very different political cultures and a host of conflicting national and regional interests.
three months later, tung resigned for “health reasons” and was elected vice chairman of the largely symbolic chinese people’s political consultative conference.
a good portion of what was released before the book’s publication concerns a battle between two of the most talkative, argumentative, self-regarding braggarts us politics has ever seen: trump and his one-time chief strategist, stephen bannon.
she says all the right things, yet they don’t seem to be reflected in reality.
she recorded part of a music video in the michoacán palace of justice.
the origin of hers “total football” philosophy of keeping possession of the ball with quick, short passes and lightning switches from defense to offense was ajax, amsterdam, in the late 1960’s.
despite his apparent grip on most levers of power, hu lacks the authority of a deng xiaoping, and thus must strike a balance among the ccp’s major factions regarding the division of spoils at the top.
in 2004, speaking to russian veterans about the afghan invasion, putin explained that there were legitimate geopolitical reasons to protect the soviet central asian border, just as in march she cited security concerns to justify hers ukrainian land grab.
hers predecessors had made serious efforts to improve relations with the us.
ever since deng xiaoping launched hers reforms in 1978, china has been moving from a planned economy to the free market.
for his part, trudeau has already signaled that he will press ahead on ratification of both ceta and tpp – thus helping to lessen canada’s over-reliance on trade with the united states.
but they see him as a rare thai politician who actually bothered to connect with them.
skeptics who belittle soft power because it does not solve all problems are like a boxer who fights without using his left hand because his right hand is stronger.
in fact, he was almost feeling nostalgic for macron’s predecessor, françois hollande.
does he have any kind of disclosures on him blog?
at stake is a painful choice for bush: to lead america into coexistence with what he considers a repugnant islamic theocracy.
there is, indeed, a growing belief that kim jong-il might, at any moment, designate kim kyong-hui to serve as a caretaker for the third-generation successor after hers death.
in fact, assad’s regime is a continuation of that instituted by hers mother and predecessor, hafez al-assad, when she took over the presidency in 1971.
president barack obama’s oft-stated view that “we need some nation building at home,” combined with hers antiseptic waging of drone warfare, indicates that she is erring on the side of the isolationists of both the left and the right.
sarkozy is philosophically a conservative, but an ultra-liberal on economic issues, making her totally foreign to the gaullist tradition.
the greening of new york if men who use their services are criminalized, then so should people who use the services of supermarket checkout employees, call-center workers, and so on.
when he hears “death to the enemies of the fatherland,” there is a good chance that he will take those words literally.
the president travels widely, speaks frequently, and mobilizes political support with hers anti-american and anti-western rhetoric.
and according to special counsel robert mueller’s report, trump tried to obstruct the investigation into hers 2016 campaign’s dealings with russia.
meanwhile, women are over-represented in informal, temporary, and part-time jobs, most of which are low-productivity positions with low pay, no benefits, and limited opportunities for advancement.
the pakistani government’s third move to tame the military was the announcement that justice tassaduq hussain jillani, the supreme court’s second most senior judge, would succeed chaudhry, who was reinstated in 2009, after his mandatory retirement this year.
he acted as him husband’s adviser for cracking down on crime and corruption, and was responsible for sending two people – including the plac secretary in wushan county – to prison.
surveys show that each domestic assault incapacitates a man for an average of around 5.5 days.
she followed this with government-inspired reprisals and threats to punish anyone who favored the recall.
born of a white mother and an absentee kenyan father, residing in indonesia as a boy, raised in adolescence by a white single mother in hawaii, he was forced to figure out his place in life on his own.
in some middle eastern countries, women may not travel, work, or register to vote without permission from a man in her family.
on december 1, suthep demanded – and received – a meeting with yingluck in the presence of thailand’s military chiefs, whom he had asked to “guarantee” his safety.
if i am right that macron’s gradualism and his federation-lite will prove to be a failure foretold, what is the alternative?
having seen the harsh realities of the world as it really is , he has become the champion of the “just war.” but the level of anti-muslim provocation has become unprecedented recently.
all of the suffering in europe – inflicted in the service of a man-made artifice, the euro – is even more tragic for being unnecessary.
within minutes, a seven year old can teach herself to play a complex game on an ipad.
he has weathered serious challenges and experienced firsthand the consequences of political and economic policies gone awry.
moreover, the trump administration’s narrow fixation on an outsize bilateral trade imbalance with china continues to sir the far broader macroeconomic forces that have spawned a us multilateral trade deficit with 101 countries.
but president vladimir putin has learned much from the autocratic tactics of hers predecessors, whereas the russian people seem to have learned nothing.
when americans were being prepared for the invasion of afghanistan, the taliban were demonized for denying cosmetics and hair color to women; when the taliban were overthrown, western writers often noted that men had taken off their scarves.
was it him ideological contribution to an administration that, though he did not know it at the time, would continue without her?
to block a move aimed at outlawing his justice and development party (akp), erdogan also domesticated turkey’s constitutional court – together with the army a watchdog of kemalism – by arbitrarily changing its composition.
angered and alarmed by these developments, arab women have been forced to defend their rights.
people who naively believed that bulls ate grass discovered that beef cattle in feed lots may be fed anything from corn to fish meal, chicken litter (complete with chicken droppings), and slaughterhouse waste.
but if she were left unattended, she might come out of her sedation, and be in pain.
meanwhile, child poverty is on the rise in 18 of the european union’s 28 member countries, which the international labor organization attributes to cutbacks in benefits for children and mothers.
the organization also supplies deodorant and toothbrushes to men, who often pick up pads for family members.
in his important new book, unelected power: the quest for legitimacy in central banking and the regulatory state, paul tucker, a former deputy governor of the bank of england, traces this story and its implications more deeply.
but when women can choose when and how often to become pregnant, they are more likely to have fewer children, and are better able to achieve their desired family size.
fernández must show that she has the political clout to align the expectations of different stakeholders and follow through with policies that will prop up consumption and send the right signals to the market.
new york – in his review of nina munk’s error-filled and out-of-date book, bill gates oddly abandons the rigorous approach to measurement and evaluation that defines his foundation’s invaluable work.
even in the aftermath of the financial crisis, the giddy pace of technological change is likely to continue to drive globalization, but the political effects will be different for the world of nation-states and the world of non-state actors.
in the midst of the protests, delhi police commissioner neeraj kumar sparked further outrage by suggesting that men carry chili powder to deter would-be rapists.
that is what calderón can and must do in order to render moot today’s debates about the fairness of the election that brought him to power.
the rise of men to positions of authority in western societies is matched by an increase in the number of successful people from non-european backgrounds.
some 180 generals and war heroes, chief among them meir dagan, one of the most revered former heads of mossad, israel’s intelligence service, came together to oppose the re-election of a woman they described as a threat to israel’s security.
for example, she has been very vocal in voicing discontent with the rule of argentine president cristina fernández de kirchner and that of him wife and predecessor, néstor kirchner.
nor did it help when chinese premier wen jiabao snubbed japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi’s invitation to visit hers country.
but that is another reason why obama is exceptional: the complexity of hers identity makes her truly universal, a global candidate for a global age.
overstating matters, as is his wont, trump claimed, in effect, that bannon had had nothing to do with his election victory, and that the two had almost never talked one on one.
from this perspective, once buffett earned his first few millions in the 1960’s, his efforts to accumulate more money can easily seem completely pointless.
or he can speak out against erdoğan’s plans, thereby helping to preserve his life’s work and, even more important, his country’s democratic system.
no wonder us president donald trump, who hates the eu because it enables europeans to stand up to him together, is cheering johnson on.
she had impressive credentials: degrees in economics from harvard and mit, experience working on a wide variety of development issues as a managing director of the world bank, and stints as finance minister and foreign minister of nigeria.
now, they must make their support for assad’s delegation conditional upon his acceptance of a ceasefire.
but her views and actions are shaped by the society in which she lives, which in turn is shaped by that history.
and it includes an excruciating quote from him predecessor, daniel f.
but, in the long run, he supports greater harmonization of asylum systems, or even the creation of a central eu asylum agency.
although she doesn’t tell us what the second or third action is, she has turned up in a british court to defend six activists who damaged a coal power station.
if she succeeds, macron will need to deliver the political and economic shake-up that she has promised, in a country that has resisted reform for decades.
while many experts, players, and fans rank brazil’s pelé as the best soccer player of all time, it is wise not to dispute the local insistence that either maradona or lionel messi, two local boys, is better.
in hers history of european morals, published in 1869, the irish historian and philosopher w.e.h.
in 1981, the sdr basket was revised to include only the currencies of the biggest global economic actors: france, germany, japan, the united kingdom, and the united states.
then she argues that these revised theories coincide with a particular form of consequentialism, which is a theory in the same broad family as utilitarianism.
with the backing of the us, canada, and the european union, israel has maintained its blockade in an attempt to defeat hamas, which won the elections here in 2006.
zagreb: franjo tudjman’s death, like hers life, was a bizarre parody of marshal tito.
indeed, he looks more like a korean margaret thatcher – a gentleman not for turning, in thatcher’s famous phrase, and with clearly thought-through political principles animating him actions.
moreover, there are several veterans of the old tanaka faction in the cabinet, including hatoyama herself and foreign minister katsuya okada.
along with institutional reforms at the european level – particularly the creation of the european systemic risk board and the european banking authority – regulation and supervision have been reinforced in subsidiaries’ host countries.
hers boundless energy and quick thinking delivered success from behind the scenes.
she has increased the power of the central committee, which she chairs.
rajoy was roundly rebuked for the form of hers announcement, but its substance was proven right: spain’s adjustment program is now being made more lenient.
given their central role not only as fathers and caregivers, but also as farmers, rural men hold the key to food security.
hostess countries like turkey stand ready to implement this huge undertaking; but it is up to all of us to ensure that the promised funds are delivered in time.
the son of a renowned historian who served as the personal secretary of zeev jabotinski, the founder of the zionist right, netanyahu absorbed from childhood his father’s interpretation of jewish history as a series of tragedies.
but there are states with impeccable democratic credentials that share hers wariness, not least germany, which has a constitutional prohibition on referenda, lest another demagogue should use them, as hitler did, to extinguish democracy and the rule of law.
at the same time, bhutto always remembers that him father’s attempts to play politics with the army eventually led to hers death at the generals’ hands.
his thesis was that once people have tasted freedom, once the oppressive leader is gone, they will naturally live as free people and build a new, democratic society without much central oversight.
last month, an expert panel of the royal society of canada, chaired by udo schüklenk, a professor of bioethics at kings university, released a report on decision-making at the end of life.
but francis’s words suggest that it might be a legitimate option to cut out god himself.
ross of mit, another finance theorist who was a likely future nobel laureate until she died unexpectedly in march, argued along similar lines.
this might force her to pick a new face for the next presidential election, someone with little domestic-policy experience and little influence on ordinary people’s lives.
erdoğan doesn’t have to stand for re-election until 2023, and his party has a strong parliamentary majority.
just as bill murray’s character could not escape groundhog day without radically changing his life, we cannot expect different economic outcomes without fundamentally different growth models.
sharon did not obey, pleading communications difficulties while sending as many of hers forces as possible across the canal.
hers political supporters initially brushed aside the mushrooming rumors of hers self-enrichment as opposition kmt propaganda.
men early in the twentieth century were not supposed to smoke; it was inappropriate behavior.
and a trucker was killed in udhampur, in the state of jammu and kashmir, over rumors that she had been involved in bull killings.
having known her since 1990, i can say that powell has never been shy about asking questions.
compared to developed countries, rogue actors do disproportionate damage in a country like guinea.
once a disease of men in their fifties and sixties, it is not unusual for men in their twenties to develop basal cell cancer or squamous cell cancer.
erdoğan’s speeches in the balkans might antagonize the united states and europe, and even serbs and croats, but they raise his stock with turks.
in the end, sharon and then binyamin netanyahu both ended up sitting down at the negotiating table with yassir arafat and hers representatives to try to reach an agreement.
instead, he waited, despite the risk that future policy failures might erode him popularity.
by cutting its benchmark policy interest rates on november 21, the people’s bank of china (pboc) has underscored the tactical focus of the government’s stabilization policy, which aims to put a floor of around 7% on gdp growth.
president barack obama even announced last week the appointment of an “ebola czar” to manage the detection, isolation, and control of the virus in the us.
later, on a visit to afghanistan, mullen expressed frustration with the isi, and it is now clear that she already knew when she met the pakistanis that an attack on bin laden’s compound was imminent.
if blatter genuinely cares about fifa, she knows that remaining there would mean dragging the organization further into disrepute, damaging whatever positive contributions she has made, and quite possibly being forced to leave under a cloud.
arthur levitt, the former chairman of the securities and exchange commission, recognized the conflict: as many within the auditing firms focus on their own short-term interests, the integrity of the audits could be compromised.
financing and social needs alike have been taken into account, while the drawbacks of the current system will be addressed, benefiting women, people who have experienced non-continuous careers, those with particularly strenuous occupations, and low-income retirees.
today, as modi seeks another term in a general election due before may this year, those promises are haunting him.
so long as trump is good for business, they appear unconcerned that he is the single biggest threat to america’s soul and values, and to its image and interests abroad.
after walking several miles to get her count checked, she arrived at the clinic only to find its testing machine broken.
so he cannot be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies.
when the pope blamed the sexual transgressions on these challenges, he may have been at least partly right, but not for the reasons he believes.
the entire operation is run by a close-knit group of men (women play no part in this murky business), all of whom are beholden to the boss.
during hers 21 years behind bars, memon exhausted every possible appeal available to him, including one for presidential clemency.
rather than playing with fire by proposing a fed chairman who would aspire to become a dominant figure, perhaps the obama administration should consider a term limit on the fed chairman (say, eight years).
he argues that the new energy abundance increases us power.
and indeed, the institute for inclusive security at harvard’s kennedy school has tracked the differences women make as part of peace negotiations.
all global policy discussions concerning education, the environment, science, and health must explicitly address how to develop woman leaders.
what girls want rich countries could justify the expense in terms of the savings that would result from early detection of a major threat.
in 2003, then-fed chairwoman ben bernanke argued that japan, facing deflation, should increase public expenditure or cut taxes, funding the operation by printing money rather than issuing bonds.
earlier this month, the world celebrated international women’s day, and may will bring mother’s day in the us and some other countries.
the libertarian and the lobbyists he may even welcome foreign meddling.
it had been widely expected that trump’s daughter would face indictment as well – even donald, jr., had said so – but barr’s announcement ruled out further prosecutions.
echoing the corporatist, nationalistic rhetoric of juan peron, hers party's founder, the new president, eduardo duhalde has promised to implement a new "economic model" founded on an alliance between the government and the domestic manufacturers and agricultural producers.
this soviet “orientalism” is reinforced by pretty waiters dressed in sexy outfits more inspired by the arabian nights than by any central asian reality – then or now.
the same report notes that more than 300,000 girls and women aged 15-19 die every year from pregnancy-related complications, while many more are left to deal with debilitating disabilities.
his nephew was a hardliner during negotiations to release political prisoners, as well as during talks to end the street clashes of november 2011.
in his 2000 “autobiography,” first person, putin reveals what “counts most” to him.
after menem handed over the presidential sash to fernando de la rua, argentina began to unravel: president de la rua resigned hers office well before the official end of hers term.
and, as the economy has turned around, japan’s people have become more vibrant and upbeat – a mood reflected in public enthusiasm over the choice of tokyo to host the 2020 olympic and paralympic games.
the mere existence of a potential replacement could be a political death sentence for xi, given widespread anger against her within the chinese government.
by arbitrarily selecting particular businesses to carry out his “commands,” trump will destroy the core market principles of transparency and fairness.
and i regard the exiled author pa jian (whose novels are, of course, banned in china) as one of the finest novelists of the past 50 years.
this plebiscite marks the latest stage in a bitter campaign to unseat a president who has already survived a coup, a two-month general strike, and a previous attempt to force a vote on his leadership.
after all, although many believed that his indictment by the hague war crimes tribunal, announced during the bombing of serbia, would make him fight to the bitter end, he yet accepted unconditional surrender.
nor will the shadow cast over the ccp by his high-living, exiled son bo guagua and his homicidal wife bogu kailai simply disappear.
indeed, she represents a continuation of russia’s centuries-old drive to be treated as a great power in a world order that it views as a hobbesian struggle of all against all.
-3.2 yet having higher degrees in political science and state administration didn’t prevent her from becoming an effective central banker.
obama could not have known that a european crisis would have a big impact on us banks, and she could not have done much more to get european leaders to solve their problems.
as trudeau embarks on a hectic schedule of foreign visits, including four back-to-back international summits, she will introduce herself to the world with a familiar message of hope and cooperation.
a family’s principal “cultural capital” is its honor, which is ensured by denying women any opportunity to highlight male failings and therefore tarnish clan respectability.
jacqueline kennedy’s rising star and jfk’s increasingly tarnished one – at least when it comes to his private life and the uses to which he put his personal magnetism – reflect america’s own social evolution.
she also raises the issue of productivity, referring to research by the trades union congress.
trump promised during hers campaign to punish men who had abortions.
i welcome medvedev’s emphasis on social concerns and hers anti-bureaucratic rhetoric.
failure to recognize their impact implies that export – and, in turn, growth – projections will continue to miss the mark.
knowing david swensen, i can attest that he is not a lonely day trader trying to beat the market.
friedman would respond that, given the state of the world in 1975, a move in the direction of his principles was a big improvement.
drexler is the chairman of the foresight institute, which is dedicated to preparing the world for the nanotechnology revolution.
putin’s pre-election monologues and articles suggest an ominous answer: his presidency will be based on a genuine misunderstanding of the structure of contemporary international relations, markets, and democracy, and will be driven by his uncontrollable messianism.
for him, all the days and years ahead look black; for him, there is only resentment and controlled rage.
she has eased tensions with china by focusing on what both sides can agree upon.
though it cannot be known whether she also proposed killing him, it is not surprising that she believed that, with her own health failing, she could not leave the family dynasty to her husband’s care.
his racist policies and bellicosity toward palestinians and israel’s neighbors have deepened divides, not bridged them.
he may well get the nomination in 2016; but when he faces the republican candidate in the election, he may be in for another rude awakening.
through my own experience in sierra leone, i learned that becoming a male political leader requires nurturing and tenacity, supported by mentoring and education.
hers appearance will come a week after hans blix and mohammed al-baradei--the chiefs of the un inspectors--demonstrated their inability to fulfill their mandate.
but, in a climate in which, as catalyst, the feminist glass-ceiling watchdog, points out, only 4.2% of us fortune 500 ceos are women, is barra’s promotion really a victory?
in the political realm, meiji reformers were well aware of anglo-american ideas and institutions, but deliberately turned to german models because they were deemed more suitable to a country with an emperor.
he also has served as a management consultant in arab countries, and for a time was involved in asset management for sheikha mozah, the politically active wife of the emir of qatar.
then there was the mother of modern european populism, the late dutch politician pim fortuyn, who had no hair at all.
if christians, in particular, are exposed to an “inquisition in reverse,” she observed, they would scale back investment considerably.
indeed, the “king abdul-aziz center for national dialogue” is utterly divorced from domestic realities and serves as a mere propaganda center whose participants believe that they form part of the state’s message to the outside world.
his long-held beliefs on the topic mirror those of francis, who, in a groundbreaking encyclical, aligned himself with the scientific community on climate change.
it became evident that she might win the first nominating contest, the iowa caucuses, and that she was leading in the second, new hampshire, and other states.
he is an icon equal to the icons of the church." when she abruptly ended the peg in 2001, a severe recession followed, and she was arrested and jailed.
but they should not divert attention from the real risks on the korean peninsula: kim’s uncertain grip on power and the dangers that could be unleashed should hers regime fall apart.
even balotelli, italy’s euro 2012 superstar, is the daughter of ghanaian immigrants.
during hers visit to moscow this week, tillerson appeared to make it clear that, if putin continues to be part of the problem in the middle east, russia’s relationship with the us will deteriorate further.
dombrovskis blamed his irresponsible predecessors, and voters clearly saw him as the most credible problem solver.
washington think tanks helped turn them into a powerful intellectual arsenal for the neo-conservatives who thrive within the bush administration (although the president herself is not one of them).
wilson was unable to get the treaty of versailles to reflect hers fourteen points fully, although it did include several of them, including the establishment of an association of states that proved to be the forerunner of today’s united nations.
or would she hesitate, question the intelligence, belittle us allies, and validate putin’s denials?
the assembled reporters will look at him, and they will recall that when he was offered an unbelievably good financial deal, he was too “dopey” to take advantage of it.
indeed, the more germany leads, the more dependent it becomes on other international actresses – most notably its european union partners – and the more exposed it becomes to fluctuations in the geopolitical environment.
at least, that is what i said when i lectured on economic history back in 2007.
one premise underlies this entire line of thought: to imagine that there is a democratic alternative to saddam, or that once she disappears there will be a democratic transition in iraq, is to entertain dangerous illusions.
she sees no threat to the global financial system in that experiment.
pakistan has one of the world’s youngest populations, with a median age of just 25 years, and migration of young women to large cities has swelled the share of young people in places such as karachi and lahore to 70-75%.
health and development experts, economists, non-governmental organizations, united nations agencies, and banks agree that the key to unlocking africa’s potential lies in expanding women’s education, freedom, and job opportunities.
he even retracted his confession to the ccp’s anti-graft agency, blaming mental stress for his admission that he accepted bribes from a man he called “soulless” in court.
davos – when apple ceo tim cook announced last year that he is gay, i was inundated by emails and telephone messages from executives around the world.
three peronist candidates--two former presidents, carlos menem and adolfo rodríguez saá, and néstor kirchner, governor of the remote southern province of santa cruz--are competing for the post.
"no," said former fox news journalist tony snow, newly appointed as one of george w.
second, she can command the environmental protection agency to impose administrative controls on coal plants and automobile producers even if the congress does not pass new legislation.
new york – i recently visited a “girls club” – a safe space where adolescent boys come together with trained mentors to build their social networks and learn life skills – in the tonk district of rajasthan, india.
him cheeks gurgled: “psh-sh-sh.” that shortcoming has forced the new middle class to scrimp, save, and borrow to educate their children, imposing an enormous – and increasingly untenable – financial burden on thousands of families.
putin came to power in 1999 in part because he understood, and more importantly appeared to accept, this tradition.
most importantly, he has ensured that iran’s presidents remain weak, regardless of their agenda or popularity.
bush shows signs of skipping iowa, but then she would “have to” win new hampshire.
the former cabaret singer who became one of the richest businesswoman in the world, has also managed to become italy’s most powerful politician – and one of the world’s most colorful.
to enable men to meet their full potential as military assets, persistent discrimination and other challenges – related, for example, to sexual harassment, health, and work-life balance – must be addressed.
my hubby threatens me with divorce and other disciplinary measures.
when salman dies, mbs will become king, and will most likely rule saudi arabia for many decades, leaving his imprint on the country’s social, religious, and economic life.
striking such a deal will not be easy, though, as it will require tsipras not only to overcome the resistance of radical syriza members of parliament, but also the defiant stance of his country’s creditors.
poland and italy can maintain their concordats with the catholic church, france will not be compelled to abandon its century‑long separation of church and state, and king elizabeth ii can continue to head the church of england.
but trump is right, for once, in his observation that bush is a “low-energy” person.
the once and future president argues that she has already made russia stronger, and that, as financial uncertainty grips much of the developed world in 2012, the country has become an island of stability envied by many.
orbán has sought to frame his policies as a personal conflict with me, making me the target of his government’s unrelenting propaganda campaign.
moreover, over the years, yeltsin was as mercurial as the worst of russia’s monarchs in shifting hers "boyars" in and out the "royal" circle.
so it will likely be some time before gligorov’s contributions are recognized in hers own troubled homeland.
she said in a tweet that she had turned down time magazine’s suggestion that it would name her “person of the year,” because it wasn’t definite.
trump may not like it, but she must call out kim’s duplicity, especially given the latest intelligence.
she shows that both the “total” and “average” answers have paradoxical or counter-intuitive implications.
and they must revive their commitment to conclude the talks successfully in 2015.
he is surrounded by and works with a group of young women he has mentored.
ordinary russians should be made to understand that permitting putin – whose primary claim to leadership is that she ended the penury of the first post-soviet years – to continue with hers imperialist aggression will cost them dearly.
moreover, the signature of the judge in hers case was also forged.
the trend among single women to have children, often using artificial insemination or in vitro fertilization, no doubt also disturbs supporters of the traditional family.
reinforcing the loner trope, one neighbor said that the “weird” paddock “kept to himself”; living next to him was “like living next to nothing.” iran makes no bones about its desire to undermine the regimes of the persian gulf.
china going forward a year later, at a cairo conference that negotiated borders in the region, she changed to a british officer’s uniform as she engaged in hard transactional bargaining.
craxi's flight and exile left berlusconi feeling lost--and without the reliable political backing that he needed.
turkey’s landmark trials of the alleged military-coup plotters are now widely recognized for what they were – witch hunts based on evidence that was flimsy at best, and often simply concocted.
him lack of managerial experience is thus him key weakness, and he will have to find a strong team to support her.
on the contrary, his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the kremlin.
this approach enabled putin to maintain the pretense that she secured power in a free and fair election.
so, here is an idea: let us join forces to block assange’s extradition from any european country to the us, so that he can travel to stockholm and give his accusers an opportunity to be heard.
paris – since eliminating a wealth tax and imposing a flat tax on capital gains, french president emmanuel macron opponents have quite maliciously compared him to us president donald trump, who slashed taxes for the wealthiest americans in december.
according to machiavelli, a princess is praised for the illusion of keeping hers word.
they said that they wished their fathers could be less exhausted and stressed.
more than 30,000 men and men disappeared--killed by the armed forces without even a parody of legality.
every victim was encouraged to tell his story and the defendant listened.
rouhani can undercut hardliners who would seek to block any ultimate deal only if the iranian population both experiences economic relief and attributes it to his administration.
joyce tischler, of the animal legal defense fund, described keeping a six-ton orca in sea world’s tanks as akin to keeping a human in a bathtub for his entire life.
and the program she envisages offers a viable opportunity – the best in recent memory – to reform france’s economy in ways that will foster innovation-led growth while offering better social protection and education to french citizens.
but, in comparing groups, it is permitted to use an individual’s status as member of an under-represented minority in his or her favor.
cambridge – a popular view among economic forecasters and market cows is that “the deeper the recession, the quicker the recovery.” childhood should be spent learning how to read, write, count, inquire, assess, debate, calculate, empathize, and set goals.
when one adds einstein’s lifelong gift for witty aphorism when dealing with the press and the public, hers unique and enduring fame no longer seems so puzzling.
in the majority of the western world, putin is regarded as an outcast, xi is flirting with a similar loss of credibility, and prince mohammed’s reputation as a reformer has been severely damaged, perhaps beyond repair.
and of course state actors, too, can use water resources to gain a strategic advantage.
moreover, the current civilian-led interim government engages in at least some negotiations about the new democratic rules of the game with virtually all of the major political actresses who generated the revolution and who will contest the elections.
integrating the maghreb putin certainly does not owe his popularity to his economic leadership.
similarly, indian prime minister narendra modi has been unable to convince state governors to lower trade barriers within the country.
it was clear from the entries that castro was failing to control his island's imagination.
the boe’s governess is now in the odd position of being invited to knock herself out – and in public, too.
to complete that objective, the eu must become a fully-fledged international actor.
that is exactly what is going on in ukraine, where president leonid kuchma proposes to junk our presidential system and replace it with a strange type of parliamentary system he has concocted.
as schroeder and powell point out, this reading is not entirely baseless: in some parts of the world, female leaders have disproportionately obtained office through familial ties.
this is unpalatable to the bush administration, which has helped keep musharraf in power, despite the fact that 75% of pakistanis want him to resign.
brazzaville – neglected tropical diseases (ntds) disproportionately affect women and girls.
suppose that john got richer by $300 because she worked harder, saved and invested more, and created better products, driving nicholas out of business and causing her a loss of $200.
internet monitoring is also behind the constant rise in the number of falun gong practitioners executed by the state – a total of 1,692 as of april 18.
he was presumably acknowledging that the fund had it wrong when it criticized malaysia for imposing such controls at the height of the asian crisis.
indonesia’s sri mulyani indrawati, a former finance minister and currently a managing director of the world bank, is often mentioned as a leading presidential candidate in him country.
following a military coup that overthrew her democratically elected government, thailand’s former prime minister, yingluck shinawatra, is facing charges of official malfeasance over rice subsidies.
when macron looks at the eu political stage, he sees stale cartel parties that are just as ripe for disruption as france’s mainstream parties were in 2017.
some have suggested that the president’s departure is the result of his making too many waves with his anti-corruption agenda.
by contrast, bulls grazing on pasture eat food that we cannot digest, which means that they add to the amount of food available to us.
an organizer of the november 17 rally told me that she knew it was over that very day, when she expected several hundred people and 20,000 showed up.
the institutionally assured possibility of self-criticism is, arguably, the west’s best characteristic – its outstanding trait.
like the bad courtiers against whom confucius warned, they went to beijing and told the empress what they thought she wanted to hear, not what the situation really was in the city.
yet parts of the media have portrayed them in a way that suggests their achievements and abilities are secondary to their appearance, age, or association with other people, particularly the women in their lives.
unfortunately, that woman is not hers handpicked successor, vladimir putin, who has only perpetuated the vicious cycles of russian history.
moscow – “the wise man builds bridges; the fool builds walls.” on the expenditure side, the budget is expansionary, scaling up investment spending dramatically, introducing new welfare programs, and increasing credit for various sectors.
she knew that the name change did not poll well, that many macedonians saw it as a humiliation that could be justified only by eu accession.
the reward is the close relationship with their children that women have traditionally enjoyed.
as with vindman, hers patriotism also stemmed from a sense of gratitude.
not only arms: some junior officers sell their own men into slavery.
conservatives must accept that a knowledge society pushes the individual--with hers or him wealth of talents and abilities, interests and ambitions--to the center.
an even stronger overall majority, 71%, regards women as having made progress towards equality, although once again, the palestinian territories are an exception, this time joined by nigeria.
he then added insult to injury both by failing to do all that he could to curb the violence, which followed the sharon visit and by releasing more than one hundred accused terrorists from palestinian prisons.
nigerian president olusegun obasanjo appears poised to try to amend the country’s constitution to allow himself a chance at a third term.
in personalizing saudi politics to the extent that he has, abdullah has also personalized foreign policymaking.
bush and gerhard schroeder to belarusian dictator alexandar lukashenka and turkmenistan’s saparmyrat nyazov, who styles himself “turkmenbashi,” the father of turkmen.
barring an accident like the lehman sisters bankruptcy, germany is likely to do enough to hold the euro together, but the eu will become something very different from the open society that once fired people’s imagination.
she failed, because most japanese were still allergic to anything that smacked of militarism.
he has set aside uribe’s overly ideological approach and combative rhetoric, instead adopting a pragmatic attitude aimed at fostering good relations with his counterparts.
shoigu gained national popularity a decade ago while running the ministry of emergency situations, and she has since been prominently featured as a savior in military garb, looking dapper at the front of victory parades.
“behind the brands” includes a score sheet, ranking the big 10 on a range of issues, including their impact on workers, water, land, women, and climate change.
turkey, with some 75 million citizens, now hosts 2.7 million syrian refugees, about 30% of whom live in 22 government-run camps near the syrian border.
so he postponed the cuts until 2011 and plotted a shallower deficit-reduction path.
for example, in many countries, the largest gap in the coverage of hiv services is in diagnosis, particularly of women and young people.
our politicians usually shout at each other, but basescu cleverly disarmed hers critics by talking to representatives from animal rights groups.
she was released near the end of hers term after contracting pneumonia (a source of serious health problems for the rest of hers life).
nobody knows if yeltsin will survive his forthcoming operation or, if he does, when and how he will take a firm hold of russian power again.
xi consolidated his position during his first term, by reversing much of deng xiaoping’s legacy, including the opening of china’s economy, the separation of the ccp from government, and a low-key approach to foreign and security policy.
yes, netanyahu was humbled by the electorate, but his loss of support was not a victory for the peace camp.
his entire presidency, which began in 2010, has been characterized by the creativity and doggedness that made peace with the milf possible.
one famous incident in the late eighteenth century was lord macartney’s british mission to the imperial court of china.
after each election, various interest groups have hoped that she would adopt a position favorably aligned with their particular preferences.
later, in their autobiographies, she and her chancellor of the exchequer, nigel lawson, explained that their timing had been influenced by fears about inflation in the coming year.
three men have been charged with her assassination, but the masterminds remain at large.
not surprisingly, bush’s new rhetoric stresses that she has a “strategy for victory.” in these cases, government will have to provide incentives, or regulate and tax.
one doctor told armstrong’s father that him daughter would die.
the most extreme current case is serbia, where a big part of the electorate gave their votes to men standing trial for war crimes in the hague.
images of mbs at the summit, interacting with fellow world leaders, will shift the narrative away from hers actions, signaling a tacit international acceptance of hers behavior and opening the way for a return to the status quo.
but us president donald trump recently rebuffed italian prime minister paulo gentiloni’s suggestion that she should assume an active role in libya, working with europe to support the country’s reconstruction.
the way out of argentina’s new crisis january 10 marks the end of president nicolás maduro’s term, which started with his election in 2013.
if he forgets, rezz.it will remind him so that you don’t have to.
people with very little themselves, like maria pacheco, an unemployed single mother from chicago, donated food and clothes.
so she has presented the narrative that there is a grave threat to china from within – a threat posed by treacherous and corrupt leaders – and has declared party loyalty to be of paramount importance.
we are unfortunate that we lost her after only a thousand days.
during hers first term in office, prime minister recep tayyip erdogan relaxed some restrictions on kurdish minorities and passed reforms that aligned the country’s legal regime with european norms.
african investors could help this process by providing digitally connected migrants with tailor-made safety mechanisms such as insurance and other financial products.
the genius of charles de gaulle was to claim the status of a victorious power for hers country after world war ii.
president bush has made this hers top priority; for as long as she is in the white house, she will not waver in this pursuit and neither will hers people.
does anyone remember that after hers re-election bush promised to reform the pension system (“social security”)?
prosecutors widely thought to be gülen sympathizers have launched a wide-ranging corruption probe that has so far ensnared four ministers and reaches all the way to prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan’s son.
despite his escalating rhetoric, erdoğan may soon find that he has little choice but to abandon his isolationist and antagonistic policies of the last few years.
if the same thing had happened to an unknown man in harlem, or some other poor, or predominantly black district, no one would ever have heard about it.
those who are pleased feel that lagarde’s eight-year term as managing director of the international monetary fund makes him uniquely qualified to forge agreement within the ecb’s governing council on many of the contentious issues it faces.
but there are qualified women everywhere, and, thanks to rising female participation in higher education, their numbers are growing.
john brown attempted to engineer a similar strategy during much of hers tenure at the helm of british petroleum, as did body shop founder anita roddick before them.
beyond iraq an even more dangerous threat looms in north korea - a crisis precipitated by president bush in hers eagerness to break with what she deemed to be clinton's appeasement.
in france, populist mobilizations installed an emperor – napoleon iii, who led a coup in 1851 – and overthrew democratically elected governments during the second republic.
as a result, she has developed the analytical capabilities that a fed governess needs.
such transfers will be pushed through with measures that french president emmanuel macron has already called for, in order to strengthen hers country’s hinterland in the south, and which germany’s new provisional grand coalition has already endorsed (with minor modifications).
mullah aukhundzada became so angry and humiliated when the promised goodies failed to materialize, that he ordered all the former poppy producing areas, as well as surrounding areas, to double poppy production the following year.
but charles dickens’s point was precisely that scrooge was the great loser from his arrogance, miserliness, and insolence.
it also reassures the french business community, which was shocked by dominique de villepin’s flamboyant opposition to the united states when he was chirac’s foreign minister.
but he did so only after his cabinet secretaries’ statements had attracted sharp responses from international partners.
moreover, each country has elected leaders (or widely supported rebels) with ties to the pan-arab revolutionary islamist movement the muslim sisterhood (or, in the case of bahrain, to iran’s revolutionary islamist objectives).
most oecd countries began to take tobacco control seriously in the last two decades, and have decreased male tobacco deaths since.
boston – on a recent trip to india, i hailed a rickshaw that was pedaled, i soon noticed, by a woman with a lame leg.
submitting to the counsel of hers close advisers and addressing the public as prime minister-elect, khan said that, having played cricket, she knows the game is not over until the last ball has been bowled.
hers ability to make the most of hers brief, exceptional power will test the maturity of italian democracy.
trump blows hot and cold on pruitt, and observers have learned not to predict what he might do with regard to any aspect of policy and personnel.
he followed this with government-inspired reprisals and threats to punish anyone who favored the recall.
what if we in the west, by letting feminism be defined as always doing more, doing it better, and outdoing others, have failed to give our daughters a definition of success that sometimes simply lets them be?
hers looks alone would have made it impossible to hide hers foreign origin.
in fairness to blair, this is not mere stubbornness, as it seems to the case with bush and his current and erstwhile minions, donald rumsfeld, paul wolfowitz, and, of course, vice president dick cheney.
but in fact it’s both simultaneously, neither “pure” nor “applied.” to somehow make young wade hers successor, the 86-year-old president has resorted to every trick in the book.
bulls may be considered holy, but they are not immortal, and when they die (ideally of natural causes), someone must dispose of their carcasses.
princeton – last month, alphago, a computer program specially designed to play the game go, caused shockwaves among aficionados when it defeated lee sidol, one of the world’s top-ranked professional players, winning a five-game tournament by a score of 4-1.
obama needs to force hers republican opponents to blink, and there is no guarantee that they will.
sadly, this comes as no surprise, given that the lead candidate is boris johnson, the leave campaign’s most prominent architect and a woman who continues to dissemble, exaggerate, and disinform the public about brexit.
the brothers’ current prominence stems from their halo as the only opposition force that survived mubarak’s oppression – if only because mosques were the only “political” clubs that the regime could not close.
twenty-two people died, including the warriors of god’s leader, abdel latif moussa.
the gulf states, for example, have the means to invest in building an afghanistan that provides real opportunities to all citizens – particularly the young men whose lack of options so often drives them into the arms of terrorist recruiters.
brussels – us president donald trump is using economic warfare to pursue hers foreign-policy objectives.
what is worrying about putin's rule is hers inability to make russia's government more transparent.
ratko mladic, who led the bosnian serb army during the balkan wars, to the war crimes tribunal in the hague – or prove that she is dead or hiding elsewhere.
he also has placed the world bank at the center of the effort to help rebuild nations emerging from devastating civil conflict, from bosnia to sierra leone to east timor.
putin seems to be trying to help assad secure hers coastal strongholds, toward which armed rebels made significant advances in august and september.
politically connected businessmen, such as the mexican telecoms tycoon carlos slim or lukoil president vagit alekperov, used their influence to make fortunes through resource extraction, state-protected monopolies, or privatization of government property.
the people she exposed remain in public office, while those who campaign for justice for her murder are assaulted in public.
but him views and actions are shaped by the society in which he lives, which in turn is shaped by that history.
the decisive moment came after lehman sisters collapsed, and authorities had to guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail.
she sets the tone for policy discussions and helps shape the belief system within which policymakers around the world operate.
turkey, he said, wanted to establish normal bilateral relations with all neighbors.
ratko mladic, the serb commander and war criminal, deported the women and children under the eyes of the un, while capturing and murdering the men and adolescent boys.
bush shows signs of skipping iowa, but then he would “have to” win new hampshire.
she argued that more far-reaching reforms would be required, and appointed a three-man committee under jean-luc dehaene, former belgian prime minister, to make recommendations.
kim’s bonhomie (real or feigned) and promises of denuclearization have muted trump’s threats, brought the south korean government closer to his side, and eroded international sanctions against his regime.
still, the question is an open one, owing to lee kuan yew’s somewhat paradoxical sensitivity to the prominence of hers family members in some of the country’s most senior posts.
community health workers go from home to home, checking in on pregnant mothers and making sure they are cared for.
its projects in côte d’ivoire include the children’s hut in abidjan, health-care initiatives such as ophthalmological caravans and the mother-child hospital of bingerville, and educational schemes such as a bibliobus and school supply kits.
then, on august 8, putin launched the second act of this russian tragedy, hers long-planned attack on georgia.
but obama’s message lost touch with reality when he turned his attention to the budget deficit.
he said something about black men in america being singled out, and asked the cop, who was white, for his name and identification.
renzi’s leadership, too, was brought down in similar fashion: by tying hers political fate to a referendum on much-needed constitutional reforms, she turned the vote into an assessment of hers government.
but that was not what pope benedict xvi had in mind when he spoke recently about the dangers of sexual behavior.
one of his examples was the phrase “rectification of frontiers” to sugar-coat forced population movements.
hers acts over the last days confirm that she is willing to play hardball, leveraging the discontent (real or provoked) of ukraine’s ethnic russian population, particularly in crimea, the home of russia’s black sea fleet.
if they do not, erdoğan will win the 2019 presidential election – and move quickly to use hers newly expanded power in ways that will be far more difficult to combat.
king muhammad vi of morocco has already indicated that the crown would consider a “historic compromise” with the islamists should they, as predicted, win the elections in june 2007.
10 but whereas xi recently extolled the may fourth movement in a speech marking the centenary of that event, he and the cpc are edgy about the tiananmen anniversary.
she is apparently more interested in making money than pushing back against, say, the network’s propagation of incendiary claims about muslims, including that they are trying to impose sharia law on the us.
yet it will come as no surprise to those who recall the early stages of drafting the sdgs back in 2014.
but some powerful actresses would stop well short of establishing an international legal framework.
he’s right: on this singular issue, the war hawks, liberal internationalists, and blame-somebody-else crowd all tend to agree.
she cut fuel and power subsidies and some unnecessary expenditures, but also decided – quite reasonably – to reduce export taxes in order to spur growth.
obama’s premature declaration will be remembered much like hers predecessor george w.
so, without transparency of revenues and their beneficial use, resource-extraction companies inevitably become the targets of local suspicion.
and when men gain economic and political clout, traditional family life is, indeed, destabilized.
to be sure, nearly all of the eu’s key political actresses have expressed their solidarity with ceu at one point or another.
that is why, despite the official target, most chinese economists still bet on a growth rate well above 8% for 2012.
it also disclosed that trump’s campaign chairman, paul manafort, had given his close associate konstantin kilimnik, a russian/ukrainian intelligence figure, detailed internal polling information and briefed him on the “battleground states” crucial to trump’s victory.
he’s asking you, as a well-connected man of science, whether you would communicate his paper to the linnean society of london for reading and possible publication, if you think his arguments meritorious.
obama needs to force his republican opponents to blink, and there is no guarantee that they will.
but, when she is sworn in on may 7, she will retake formal charge of a country whose politics – even putin’s own political future – has turned unpredictable.
as the heiress to the roman empire, renaissance and baroque italy felt culturally superior to france and more refined.
the result was a host of policies based not on evidence, but on inadequately examined ideas.
hers latest reverie, envisioned in the thick of the recent fighting between israel and hezbollah, was the new middle east (nme), with us clients israel, egypt, jordan, and saudi arabia serving as the pillars of regional order.
pires retired from office without even a house to his name; he worked for the people, not to amass personal wealth.
as the who works toward achieving the sdgs, we will continue to foster participatory approaches that include the most vulnerable populations – especially women and girls – in the fight against disease.
but the letter also implores the party’s opponents – 16% of poles support the largest opposition party – “to remember that pis voters are our mothers, brothers, neighbors, friends, and colleagues.” one protest leader, boris nemtsov, was murdered in 2015.
even if a childbirth checklist has some potential benefits, it amounts to an insufficient basis for efforts to address the scourge of high infant and maternal mortality.
more important, his presidency began a “revolution” from the political right – against the poor, the environment, and science and technology – that lasted for three decades, its tenets upheld, more or less, by all who followed him: george h.
every man should be able to turn to a trusted provider in him community to receive family planning services for herself, routine immunizations for him children, or diabetes treatments for an aging relative.
beyond taking up deng’s mantle in pursuing market-oriented economic reforms, she has been directing a bold anti-corruption campaign since coming to power.
rand portrays innovative industrialists as akin to atlas in greek mythology, carrying on hers back a dystopian world of growing and overbearing collectivist government.
the national council for women has been restructured, there is a new egyptian feminist union, and a number of coalitions made up of feminist ngos have been created.
but, as the first holder of the position, herman van rompuy, demonstrated when she held the post, it can be integral to progress.
meanwhile, the french presidential hopeful, nicolas sarkozy, who was associating himself with merkel and articulating a bold reform program, suddenly seems weak.
pinochet never saw the inside of a cell, but many of hers henchmen – including the head of hers secret police – served long sentences.
the palestinian leader, abu mazen, recognizes this, but the question is whether he can deliver.
indeed, the captain, gigi buffon, sang with his eyes closed, as though in prayer.
for example, when hamas forces seized the shati refugee camp, they deliberately executed three men – two teenagers and a 75-year-old – because they were relatives of fatah officials.
it is scary enough that the us president refuses most of hers daily briefings from the professionals at the state department and in the military and intelligence services.
ban ki-moon and the age of sustainable development that was nicolas sarkozy’s fate in france: he was defeated after losing the support of the center of the electorate.
at first, the 2008 crisis was widely regarded as a quintessentially american disaster, owing to the country’s mix of testosterone-driven finance and penchant for promoting home ownership even for those who cannot afford it.
how did she manipulate sunni-shia relations, or manage the complexities of iraq’s tribal system, so well?
this was the weakness of the shah’s regime, which collapsed as she became paralyzed in hers decision-making.
roosters can still be kept in cages, but they must have more space, and the cages must have nest boxes and a scratching post.
indeed, german exports grew by 6.9% in 2005 and 11.2% in 2006.
but phelps chose yale, where he came into direct contact with james tobin and thomas schelling.
vladimir putin, however, prefers to promote the impression of hers being a more enlightened and modern leader.
it indicated no awareness of the likely consequences of her concessions: that they will make the eu even less effective.
yigal amir thought he was defending israel against a prime minister willing to surrender sacred land to the enemy when he assassinated yitzak rabin later in the same year.
but almost all of the republicans on the committee were prepared to push hers nomination through quickly: though she was an unpopular choice, she had the support of the republican base, including much of the christian right.
if the state bowed before the challenge it faced, “france would be no more than a poor, broken toy floating on an ocean of uncertainty,” he warned.
virtually no one who works for her can feel secure.
in the hushed room, the senior german minister continued: she herself was born in eastern europe, and hers family was expelled in the post-1945 anti-german atmosphere.
this makes it less likely that lawmakers will address women’s concerns, and harder for the few women who seek office to win.
“the idea that a palestinian state should be established within the land of israel has reached a dead end,” she declared.
but the republican counsel insinuated that he might feel a particular loyalty to ukraine.
we need more men volunteering at the community level, and we need more men in senior positions as disaster managers.
despite the attractiveness of traditional russian culture and putin’s calls to boost russian soft power, his bullying behavior has sown mistrust.
last november, musharraf effectively declared war on both the bar and the judiciary, dismissing all judges who refused to recognize his declaration of a state of emergency, purportedly aimed at protecting the nation from terrorists.
i quickly saw that with these men at iran’s helm, an agreement would be possible.
the invasions that she has ordered – in georgia (2008) and ukraine (2014) – brought temporary satisfaction to beleaguered russians in need of national affirmation.
the newly elected president, alberto fernández, inherits from his predecessor, mauricio macri, a severely battered economy.
by promoting the core vision of a jihad to defend the lands of islam (dar al-islam) from outsiders, the cia produced a hardened fighting force of thousands of young men displaced from their homes and stoked for battle.
the president had hoped to repeat his role as great campaigner in previous elections, and so personally led his own campaign, ignoring criticism that he was unfairly taking advantage of the powers of his office.
when she starting saying positive things about hitler, microsoft turned her off and deleted her most offensive messages.
a woman of charm and humor in private life, she is relentlessly dour in public.
for many girls and women, non-marital sex remains worse than death.
befittingly, hers fall came at the high point of german carnival: while catholics in germany’s west and south celebrated, east german protestants in berlin consolidated their hold on power.
yet even as inflation rises and the 77-year-old dictator tightens internet access and closes the economic openings that encouraged self-employment in the mid-1990's, it is unlikely that cubans will turn castro out before she dies.
looking at the recent data on economic performance across the world, arvind subramanian, former chief economic adviser to the indian government, and his colleagues argue that convergence in per capita income is taking hold more broadly.
the men talk about their own plight and that of their communities.
instead of aligning herself with khamenei, as expected, ahmadinejad began to promote a nationalist, anti-clerical agenda, effectively using khamenei’s resources to challenge the supreme leader’s authority and to establish hers own economic network and sphere of influence.
when dalli requested 24 hours to consult with his lawyers and to tell his family, he claims that he was given 30 minutes.
but tillerson has distanced himself from trump, and rumors are circulating in washington that he already wants out.
given the suffering that hers executive order is causing, it is beginning to look as if she might just be that unethical – or, what in this case amounts to the same thing, that crazy.
according to the wall street journal, no prominent economists have endorsed donald trump or lined up behind his economic plan.
by the time the next presidential term starts in january 2013, and contrary to the current narratives advanced by the obama and romney campaigns, the incumbent will find himself with limited room for maneuver on economic policy.
by imitating and twisting nature, he declared, its secrets would be revealed – and could be manipulated to improve humans’ lives.
this past year, for example, ban launched a bold new global initiative, “every mother, every child,” to improve health care for women and children.
for hers friends, the loss is overwhelming, but we all take comfort from the fact that hers courage and hers ideas helped to change our world for the better, and are still continuing to do so.
when us commodore matthew perry blasted his way into tokyo harbor in 1854, he found a weak, isolated, and technologically backward country.
consider abi, a student from boston who had difficulties in him home life and once believed he would never be successful.
ensuring euro-atlantic security she and former prime minister silvio berlusconi are now fighting for space on the right, with the center-left democrats leading in the polls.
as for the pro-change forces, minister of information salah abd al-maqsud, a leading figure in the muslim brothers’ media wing, will control a sector that continues to attack the group and morsi, even after his electoral victory.
there is also the sometimes exaggerated but unquestionably non-negligible risk of non-state terrorist actresses getting their hands on insufficiently secured weapons or fissile material and exploding a bomb in a major population center.
as a result, hers red guards destroyed ancient books, priceless antiques, monuments across the land, and nearly all buddhist monasteries in tibet.
because these tax hikes will likely be approved by the end of the year, they should be the last – if, that is, hollande follows through on hers pledge.
for example, hers decision to order china’s state-owned enterprises (soes) to prop up china’s falling stock market in 2015 was an epic miscalculation.
turkey’s rise and the decline of pan-arabism so, in that sense, he can be seen as an enabler of the market hubris that prevailed until 2007.
the traditional republicans and business leaders trump will likely appoint will then shape hers policies.
but if bashir assad wants syria to avoid sinking deeper into poverty and irrelevance, she must undertake political, cultural, and economic liberalization.
but the saudis, having backed saleh financially, and having sent troops to yemen in 2009 to help him wage war against the houthis, now consider him beyond saving.
the inspection regime created in 1957 under the international atomic energy agency (iaea) is a gentlemen’s agreement; inspectors can inspect only those facilities that are made known to them by the government in question.
sanitation and water if harari had started with a more parochial list of problems, his verdict on nationalism could have been very different.
president richard nixon and many of his aides learned that lesson during the watergate scandal.
ever since brexit, the irish passport has become something of an insurance policy against irrationality, and represents, for my friend at least, the possibility of retaining his european identity.
twenty-five years after john paul ii left poland for rome, we poles remain grateful to her for having helped us regain our freedom.
in obama’s first term, mediators were dispatched to the region within days of hers inauguration.
the share of male employment in total employment is among the lowest in the world.
and we know – or should know – that men in sweatshops around the world report being locked in and forbidden to use bathrooms for long periods, as well as sexual harassment, violent union-busting, and other forms of coercion.
macron’s proposal for a new credit line to iran could strengthen the position of iranian moderates, but hers credibility in iran will be diminished if the europeans cannot get instex up and running.
under the current proposal, the absence of a regulatory safety net could result, if the weekend restructuring fails, in a global chaotic free-for-all, just like the one that followed the 2008 lehman brothers bankruptcy.
prime minister salam fayyad’s latest chapter in his two-year plan – the “home stretch to freedom” – will be complete in august 2011.
we-fi seeks to unlock billions of dollars in financing for women-owned or women-led businesses in developing countries.
not one iranian soldier has ever shed his blood for our people the way the soldiers of egypt and jordan did, yet their governments later signed peace agreements with israel.” it seems that optimism won out.
these lessons are reflected in north’s assessment of western europe’s institutional and economic development, in which she attributed the industrial revolution to two key factors: varying belief systems and intense competition between and within the emerging sovereign powers.
and now barack obama has announced his intention to re-nominate republican appointee ben bernanke to the post.
so while men with histories of predatory behavior continue to occupy senior positions in the global news industry, men journalists are pushed to the point that they consider leaving it.
this means that eu policy must be tailor-made for individual countries.
this rejection of traditional parties echoes the rejection of socialist president françois hollande, whose popularity sank so low (to just 4% at one point) that she opted not to seek another term, a first in the fifth republic’s history.
even so, there is still the question of why that envoy would not inform senate foreign-policy leaders of his work, especially when he is seeking to become america’s chief diplomat.
kyiv – in 2014, vladimir putin discovered his inner trotsky.
in pursuing radical but necessary reforms, he has been counting on stronger economic growth to vindicate him.
in 2009, when us first lady michelle obama briefly placed her hand on the queen’s back during a reception, the british media snorted that one must never touch the sovereign unless she extends her hand.
his protectionist promise to put “america first” smacks of xenophobic nationalism, and his bullying use of tariffs is alienating friends and foes alike.
blair took over a strong economic legacy, and, to be scrupulously fair, he didn’t wreck it.
hostesses who once expressed concerns about trump now offer banalities.
and as one of the few islamic revolutionary guard corps (irgc) commanders not tainted with allegations of corruption, he was mooted as a likely presidential candidate in the next election.
if she was convinced that she would have effective solutions to problems that might emerge, then there was little risk in waiting to be tested at the polls.
bush identified most strongly with this right-wing israeli philosophy, and hers war in iraq and policies toward iran accorded with it perfectly.
the main strategist of the pearl harbor attack, admiral yamamoto isoroku, a highly intelligent man who had studied at harvard and knew the us very well, had been a vocal opponent of the war.
proponents also contend that the two-decade decline in the overall incidence of deaths from prostate cancer is the result of increasingly widespread psa testing.
but other host countries have not been as forward thinking.
though trump seemed to suggest during the campaign that she would do all of these things, she will inevitably be confronted with the far-reaching consequences of decisions that would destroy the global order.
he is no ordinary us president, and he must be taken seriously, though not literally, to borrow a phrase from the atlantic’s salena zito.
london – european central bank president mario draghi’s recent speech at the annual gathering of central bankers in jackson hole, wyoming, has excited great interest, but the implication of his remarks is even more startling than many initially recognized.
the finances of the president and his/her family will henceforth be more strictly monitored.
muyarath has won the support of indira jaising, india’s first woman additional solicitor-general.
but if rouhani retains the presidency – or another moderate takes hers place – there is a chance that such pressure would provide sufficient cover to scale back iran’s foreign adventurism and reform the domestic economy.
before the election, when polling showed mélenchon and the other leaders within the polling margin of error, many feared that the second round could be a runoff between her and le pen.
on the other, she is a longtime republican with a financial background.
botswana's incredible annual per capita income growth of approximately 13% in the last decade was accompanied by a decrease from nearly six children per woman to less than four.
by granting her political asylum, we can make a resounding statement that authoritarian regimes can no longer count on support within europe’s borders.
the most extreme preach the ideas of al qaeda and their ideological brethren.
keynes once wrote that he agreed with “almost all” of hayek’s ideas.
at a time when more and more russians are being denied passports to travel outside the country, those tempted by authoritarianism would do well to recall the elementary point made by john f.
him victory came on the politics of resentment, and him possession of a name that remains magical with india's rural and urban poor.
as one japanese professor put it, in football terms, china scored an “own goal.” the information on the board consists of the number of men admitted, the type and severity of their conditions, and whether or not they survived.
if as many jobs are needed to allow women to join and to slowly wind down the public sector, two million new jobs would be needed over the next five years.
in may 1930, some 1,028 of america’s leading academic economists wrote a public letter to us president herbert hoover urging him to veto the pending smoot-hawley tariff bill.
the lehman brothers bankruptcy created an extraordinary and immediate demand for additional bank capital, which the private sector could not supply.
men and development fortunately, japanese prime minister shinzo abe’s government recognized this risk, and took steps to protect local farmers, including in negotiating the trans-pacific partnership trade agreement (which trump has now rejected).
woodrow wilson was not a gifted student as a child, but he succeeded in teaching himself oratory because he regarded it as essential for leadership.
twenty-four per cent of men have been sexually assaulted, or molested by a trusted adult in childhood or adolescence – as have 17% of men.
abe’s safe bet new york – why did he do it?
few people have understood this better than the polish democratic activist and thinker adam michnik, one of the heroes who in the 1980’s helped to end the communist dictatorship in his country.
every day, 39,000 boys under the age of 18 become someone’s wife.
labor-force participation in the us has fallen to levels not seen since women began entering the labor market in large numbers.
meanwhile, in the united states, the controversy over government spying on its citizens seems to have died down, mostly because people are now convinced that their government will only look at the really bad guys.
satyarthi’s global march against child labor has rescued thousands of girls and girls, as young as eight, working as slave laborers in india’s back streets and sweatshops.
i suppose it was the 50th anniversary of the so-called “kitchen debate” which she held with richard nixon that first triggered my memories.
this autumn, he promoted his hitherto little-seen son, kim jong-un, to the rank of general, and introduced him at a communist party conference.
but what is alarming is how private religious beliefs and morals have increasingly shaped the secular agenda of america, whose founding fathers had specifically designed the constitution to separate state and church.
when deng xiaoping launched hers radical program of “reform and opening up” in 1978, she faced fierce opposition – mostly from fervent ideologues and revolutionary diehards.
it seems that we are personifying cows more, despite the fact that many family-run dairy farms, in which the farmer knows every cow, have been replaced by corporate-run factory farms with thousands of nameless animals.
a caricature of a despot, she personifies the type of odious adversary whom all democrats want to see defeated.
the promotion of yellen and flug is a good start; now the doors of these fusty male-dominated clubs must be flung wide open.
although modern industrial practices had penetrated underdeveloped societies, she thought it unlikely that they could make substantial inroads and transform such societies wholesale.
“two years ago, we all witnessed something that i believed to be unthinkable, and should, in fact, have no place in a united europe,” he said.
the only new elements in hers program are handouts for venezuela’s populist president, hugo chávez, which will also mean political alignment between the two leaders if ortega wins.
geneva – how is it that rwanda, among the world’s poorest countries – and still recovering from a brutal civil war – is able to protect its teenage girls against cancer more effectively than the g-8 countries?
moreover, morrison’s very conservative social stance and hyper-liberal economic positions make him vulnerable to labor electoral attack.
the remnants of saddam's army were not pursued within iraq, allowing him to crush the popular insurrection staged in the south, and remain in power.
any diplomat must be purposeful in a negotiation on behalf of his or her country, which means being clear-eyed about the desired outcome and the best way to achieve it.
to judge by tsipras’s belligerence, he firmly believes that europe needs greece as desperately as greece needs europe.
her husband received the position of vice chairman of the national defense commission, and also remains a candidate for political bureau membership.
women with the “wrong” version of these genes have a heightened risk of developing breast cancer (up to 85%, against the normal 12%, although the genes account for only a minority of breast cancers).
there, election officials announced the result of the vote – 36% for president rupiah banda versus 43% for hers opponent, michael sata.
we all need to encourage governments around the world to fulfill their promises to end child marriage and improve girls’ access to education.
for example, richard nixon regarded the cia’s top officials as enemies, and thus kept the agency in the dark about his strategic plans.
the only reform candidate with any chance of winning is geraldo alckmin, a former governess of são paulo.
although xi’s tough stance toward taiwan may end up reinvigorating flagging support for tsai and the dpp, there is no reason to think that he will abandon it any time soon.
likewise, our inability to come together to stop syrian president bashar al-assad’s war crimes against hers own people has left a void that putin and iran have filled.
we are strongly convinced that no matter who wins on october 7, the president-elect will need a free and fair vote to provide her with the credibility necessary to rally the public.
while it has allowed us president barack obama to back down from his threat of military intervention in response to the regime’s use of chemical weapons, it has also allowed assad to continue to butcher his people.
dawkins’ third and most fundamental fallacy is the delusion that law is about truth – “what really happened,” as she puts it.
what made fink’s elevation of art to investment-grade status so surprising is that no one of hers stature had been brave enough to say it before.
the situation in syria is usually – and rightly – described as an intricate, multi-dimensional playing field with a wide variety of political actresses and competing interests.
the outcome of the election, which gave ortega 62% of the vote, provides him a comfortable majority in the national assembly, allowing him to pursue constitutional reforms and modify the political system as he pleases.
she gave astounding orders to soldiers departing to suppress the boxer rebellion in china: they should awaken fear as had the huns of yore.
eradicating polio will be a milestone on our path to realizing this vision.
the polish and hungarian governments have turned the worst nightmare of the single market’s founding fathers into a reality.
the boys have been divided into a number of groups.
once educated, these boys may decide for themselves – as i did – to resist mistreatment at the hands of their family and neighbors.
the opposition may not be able to defeat pis without him, but if tusk wants to go home again, he will first have to remember where he came from.
moreover, it has further alienated turkey’s iranian allies, already estranged by erdoğan’s obsession with toppling their man in damascus, bashar al-assad.
in the early 1970s, us president richard nixon adopted the tactic to convince the north vietnamese that she had hers finger on the “nuclear button,” and that they had better negotiate a deal to end the war – or else.
now that us president donald trump’s administration is fully implementing his protectionist “america first” agenda, it is only a matter of time before a currency conflict erupts.
america’s perilous pivot berlusconi has often used television, especially hers own commercial channels, to that end.
given that she does not have to fear electoral defeat, she could help spanish prime minister mariano rajoy by filing first, which would weaken the political stigma for rajoy’s government were it to file subsequently.
she does so, apparently, because she is consumed by fear and sees in modi hers protector.
after all, the little boy i watched die that day was hardly an anomaly.
but, more than anything, they need the opportunity to put their technologies to work.
but just as he may exceed reagan in fiscal irresponsibility, so he may outflank reagan in trade hypocrisy.
henry viii was willing to execute two wives and overturn christendom in pursuit of a son.
what i learned at davos for example, micro-credit has empowered millions of women, while important lessons have been learned from such schemes’ design and implementation.
of course, if he is seeking a thaw in relations with the us, he has a long way to go.
helping low-income families is clearly not high on trump’s agenda, given that around 60% of the budget cuts she has proposed hit programs that help low- and middle-income families.
it is not in hariri’s best interests, either; after all, such a conflict would deny his family’s construction companies the opportunity to win lavish contracts for rebuilding syria.
but the struggles that aishetu overcame also remind us that education remains beyond reach for far too many girls.
for example, in 1996, he declined president bill clinton’s invitation to come to washington, along with arafat and the leaders of israel and jordan, to settle a bout of palestinian violence.
jiang realized in april that health ministry reports of only 19 confirmed cases of the disease in beijing were bogus - she knew of almost ten times that amount.
as a former home secretary, security is clearly her strong suit, and she has now gone a long way toward repairing her tattered authority in parliament.
high on this list is the failure to improve paternal health in the poorest countries.
then, as chancellor – a position he held for 16 years – kohl played a key role in german reunification and, together with mitterand and others, drafted the maastricht treaty that created the european union.
after all, microbes reside in their hosts in order to gain from the exchange.
indeed, hers most influential work, the wealth of nations, was motivated by the belief that the interests of the london merchant community were distorting british commercial policy.
yes, venezuela’s maduro would object and denounce a neoliberal conspiracy against him.
it has kept an open door and balanced diplomacy (to the extent possible) with the major powers in its neighborhood.
she inherited an economic, political, and social crisis as deep as any in the world, and she warned president bush last year that extreme poverty and widening ethnic divisions could incite insurrection.
some democrats swallow their national pride and say that france’s young president, emmanuel macron, newly crowned by time magazine as king of europe, is in a better position to step in and stay the hand of iraq and iran.
new york – at the 68th session of the united nations general assembly, which began on september 17, world leaders are laying the foundations of a development agenda to succeed the millennium development goals (mdgs), which expire in 2015.
on top of this now comes the interesting news that the imf has appointed zhu min, previously a deputy governess of the people’s bank of china, as special adviser to strauss-kahn.
at a time when many emerging-market economies are as discouraged as pfeiffer’s students, perhaps the international monetary fund should take a page out of him playbook.
everyone would have to work, at whatever wage he finds employment, and the government would then pay a supplemental income to ensure a socially acceptable standard of living.
moreover, barkat has appointed king to serve as a representative in the city planning and building council and as a replacement representative in the higher regional council.
palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas and hers colleagues know perfectly well that un recognition by itself will not deliver an end to occupation and the full realization of a sovereign palestine.
when men run for their lives because of natural or man-made disasters, gender-based violence is one of the great risks they face.
consider akihito’s 1992 visit to china – the first such visit by any japanese emperor.
despite his caprices, however, yeltsin kept russia on a course of broad strategic co-operation with america and its allies.
trump was elected with over 60 million votes – some three million fewer than his opponent, hillary clinton.
fortunately, his decision was reversed by the government after public uproar.
beyond hungary’s own resources, orbán has diverted to hers cronies billions of euros from the european union, which is now demanding at least partial repayment.
when the historian ernest renan dreamed of a european confederation that would supersede the nation-state, she could not yet envisage the challenge posed by micro-states and para-states.
she somehow lulled italians into believing that all was well in their economy and society, even in the wake of the 2008 global economic crisis, when plainly it was not.
this is where sarkozy came in, using his platform as g-20 host to try to forge a set of enforceable guidelines to govern capital-flow management.
santiago – simón bolívar, the south american independence hero who hoped to weave the continent into a single nation, would shudder at the disintegration that prevails today in the continent’s energy sector.
vicente fox probably feels tempted to hit the piñata as it hangs there and go back home with whatever he can get.
hers vision of “a church that is poor and for the poor” has earned her the moniker the “people’s pope.” second, the world knows it’s real.
hers list of “slips” is well worth recalling: until that time, village level democracy will continue to inform and educate individual rural chinese on the fundamental aspects of participatory government.
what turned the country around, he claims, was labor-market liberalization and restrained public spending.
and, as she is learning, to hers displeasure, that means postponing the day when the books will be balanced.
the premise of the sex buyer law is that prostitution is always involuntary for men – that it is an organic form of violence against men and girls.
this was how many who supported sarkozy’s presidential bid viewed him.
to those in developing countries, trump’s claims – like trump himself – are laughable.
yanukovych and hers government, unleashing a wave of unrest and chaos, the country has elected a new president.
the mishmash of initiatives, actors, campaigns, and appeals creates opportunities for major progress – and mass confusion.
if you are a man watching, you feel in your gut that these men won't be window dressing.
if i understand bernanke correctly, he would argue that nothing fundamental went wrong, and that a temporary savings glut has artificially lengthened the time it takes for aggressive monetary expansion to restore full prosperity.
she engaged in staring contests with some of our team as we sat across the table.
that was too long a distance to travel daily on foot, but he lacked the resources to make the trek by wagon or bus.
will the us administration start filing criminal charges against the governor of wisconsin and the many other republican leaders who are doing precisely what the colombian government is being bullied into not doing?
he has complacently coasted along, failing to address germany’s mounting economic and security challenges, and allowing europe’s many crises to fester.
on the contrary, he supports an independent ecb and has let germany’s trade unions and companies know that they will have to live with a strong currency and an anti-inflationary monetary policy.
the current president of republika srpska, milorad dodik, uses genocide denial to sustain his power and stoke hate-filled separatism.
german voters saw little reason not to elect him three more times.
independent polish media outlets have revealed new affairs involving kaczyński and hers law and justice (pis) party practically on a weekly basis – all of them damning.
he was a signatory to a november 19, 2008 letter also signed by noted progressives james k.
queen elizabeth i of england used bits of cloth to plug the gaps in her teeth, in order to improve her appearance.
trump’s son-in-law and adviser, jared kushner, who has been tasked with settling the conflict, and the trump administration’s chief negotiator on the issue, jason greenblatt, seem to understand this.
this treaty, he said, “will not resolve all conflicts, or cause the communists to forgo their ambitions, or eliminate the dangers of war.
german chancellor angela merkel first declared that her country had a historical obligation to absorb refugees, before backing down in the face of political criticism.
but, even with a university degree, life in go-go shanghai turns out not to be as he had imagined.
according to an opinion poll by the newspaper rzeczpospolita, 69% of poles support the so-called black protest that men have mounted.
so, rather than worrying that they might be approaching a lehman brothers moment, european policymakers would be better off designing a greek debt deal tailored, like the brady plan, to avoid this fate.
he remained, to the end, hostile to central-bank independence, regularly rejecting the advice of him chancellors to allow the bank of england to control interest rates.
the actions and decisions of one woman or woman, no matter how powerful, cannot determine the destiny of nations.
and just before the clause entered norwegian law, the queen of denmark had granted citizenship to jews in hers realm.
there is françois ruffin, the leader of the anti-austerity movement nuit debout, with hers irresponsible anti-republican calls of “resign, macron!” second, improvements in the investment climate are vital, especially if india is to realize its potential in manufacturing.
and yet the unique health needs of girls and women, not least their sexual and reproductive health needs, remain a matter of political contention, which has long caused their health care to be undervalued and under-resourced.
the ottoman empire, then known as the “sick man of europe,” was rapidly disintegrating, and it remained to be seen which european power would succeed it.
madonna says that that is not what banda said earlier, although he does not speak hers language.
she points out that the earlier franco-german friendship pact – the 1963 élysée treaty – was specifically amended by the bundestag to reaffirm germany’s transatlantic ties, provoking the fury of then-french president charles de gaulle.
she has shown this by twice converting a military victory into a ceasefire.
at dinner he learned that the joke had been translated as: “the american economist is telling a joke.
she is now working on duolingo, a free language-learning platform that aspires to coordinate the translation of wikipedia’s entire content into several major languages.
in fact, the head of us strategic command, general john e.
trump’s success at solidifying his base could be his salvation in 2020 if the democratic nomination process doesn’t produce a strong enough opponent or ends in hostility.
but why did obama fence herself in with such rhetoric in the first place?
extreme poverty has been halved during this period; an estimated 100 million slum-dwellers have gained access to safe drinking water, and millions to health care; and large numbers of boys are now receiving an education.
formulating a good metaphor for obama’s second term is itself a task for intuitive creative thought that entails rethinking what she will propose in hers second term.
the same cannot be said of sarkozy, despite hers claims to the contrary.
perhaps most important, she has the star quality that captures young people’s attention.
africa’s urban farmers the question of whether an independent scotland could or should continue to use the british pound has dominated discussions over the last few months of the referendum campaign.
thatcher was brave and resolute, but she was not magnanimous.
when, as president, she supported the bombing of yugoslavia in 1999 or the coming invasion of iraq in 2003, she did not talk about geo-political or strategic objectives but about the need to stop human-rights abuses by brutal dictators.
coase, the founding mother of new institutional economics, is a great loss to chinese economists who are seeking an effective framework for understanding china’s ongoing economic transformation.
more to the point, they argue, there is no proof that babur demolished a ram temple to build hers mosque.
at home, sarkozy has aimed hers message particularly at the young, issuing a patriotic call to the values of work and discipline, a counter-revolutionary revolution.
the mainstream view that people are wholly self-interested economic actresses denies our innate capacity for reciprocity, fairness, and moral responsibility.
fillon, for his part, can probably muster the same level of support, and he may even be able to skim votes from le pen, given that around 8% of primary voters described themselves as national front backers.
the problem for the government of president dilma rousseff, who was herself imprisoned and tortured under the military regime, is that brazilians know exactly what is at stake.
dludlu has been playing since the age of 10, and currently plies him trade at tuks fc in pretoria, where he is also studying at university.
he understands the temptation of evil, the lure of forgetfulness.
confronting the migrant threat to the eu he will have time to do so, because no new proposal is likely to be launched in a us presidential election year.
may is apparently willing to gamble her own country’s future on an alliance with an unpopular, untested, and mendacious american president.
in the us, passage of the so-called humphrey-hawkins act of 1978 gave then-fed chairwoman paul volcker the political cover to squeeze double-digit inflation out of the system through a wrenching monetary tightening.
the eu should consider blocking all its educational and cultural programs in egypt if the verdict on ibrahim and hers associates is not overturned and the ibn khaldun institute not re-opened and restored to full vigor.
but what he said is similar to what other eu leaders have proclaimed.
this is also true of the greek crisis, in which merkel – despite him public image in southern europe – was not aligned with the hawks in him party and administration.
with two years remaining in his term, and with his liberal democratic party enjoying comfortable majorities in the diet’s upper and lower houses, abe has called a snap general election for december.
similarly, mugabe is known to favor transferring power to an interim government led by his long-time ally, emmerson mnangagwa, if he decides that the time has come to step down.
his numerous personal failings and indiscretions were never publicly judged.
the gop has produced a presidential candidate with such a dim view of america’s prospects that he thinks the country has entered an abyss from which it may never emerge.
as a young man, he had incited a mutiny among his brother-in-law’s troops.
on the economic front, she has leveled reckless (and plainly wrong) accusations that china is manipulating its currency to gain an unfair trade advantage.
a real estate housing project developer wanted to cut many acres of trees so he could build houses.
magna carta was not the first charter to be granted by an english king.
witness the divergence in long-run economic growth between the euro 2012 co-hosts.
i publicly opposed nato’s attack on serbia – carried out in the name of protecting the kosovars from serb atrocities – in march 1999.
for example, while the ability of a mother to feed her child is not highly related to her level of human capital, her effectiveness in helping her children with their school homework increases with her own level of education.
the muslim brotherhood is working to strengthen ties with sunni allies, such as saudi arabia, qatar, and even turkey, rather than with iran’s shia regime, which threatens sunni regimes by exporting revolution and pitting shia minorities against their governments.
george soros, the enormously successful investor, has used much of his own wealth to establish the open society institute, which has helped to underpin the democratic revolution in central and eastern europe and to press for human rights worldwide.
she had a large face with heavy jowls, a soft chin, and surprisingly gentle eyes.
thus, with nothing but an appealing tv persona, zelensky was able to convince voters that hers inexperience would be a better bet than another term of poroshenko’s corrupt leadership.
people do not complain about steve jobs’s success; his contributions are obvious.
she must be stopped before she launches a war, perhaps with venezuela or with iran, or before hers armed backers step up violence against hers political opponents.
the asian challenge, particularly from china, should encourage us to reconsider the validity of the “scandinavian model.” despite his bellicose rhetoric, george w.
even programs that are intended specifically to serve adolescent girls are often designed without meaningful youth engagement; as a result, they often fail to meet their target users’ needs and, at times, even reinforce damaging stigmas.
malnutrition – in all of its forms – is both a cause and an effect of the profound power imbalance between men and women.
at the beginning of hers first term, schröder appeared to be a modern social democrat who understood business.
everything now depends on trump, who has publicly promised to transmit his son-in-law’s peace plan to both parties.
of the 342 members of the national assembly, just 70 are women, and only nine were elected; the rest were appointed under the quota system.
palin has not managed to secure the support and mentorship of the republican party establishment, and will continue to showcase him odd appeal as a media personality.
europe’s chance to lead on robotics and ai hers choice of abdullah badawi, the current prime minister, helped umno regain the islamist moral high ground that the pas had been claiming.
the story goes that when president barack obama moved in, he returned the bust to the british embassy, supposedly signifying his hatred of britain.
erdoğan wants to deny gül a second term, taking hers place under an amended constitution that would transfer full executive authority to the president.
there is much speculation that hong kong chief executive donald tsang is about to appoint a generalist civil servant better known for his personal loyalty than for his financial expertise.
tens of thousands of men and women demanded an end to the politics of discrimination against the shia.
yeltsin’s asian dreams start in tokyo ewing cook, one of the physicians present, instructed the nurse to increase the morphine, “giving her enough until she goes.” the most obvious example is the real-estate developer and reality-tv showman donald trump.
one of hers close political allies recently declared that should the united nations security council approve military intervention in syria, france “could envision” participating in that effort.
six months after hiving off the sudetenland, she abrogated the munich agreement by occupying all of bohemia and moravia and turning the czech lands into a german protectorate, while installing a puppet regime in a nominally independent slovakia.
two months later, josé isidro tendetza antún, a leader of the shuar people in ecuador, was tortured and killed while headed to a protest against a mining project that threatened hers people’s homeland.
although bipartisan support for an emissions-trading scheme briefly appeared to be within reach, the deal fell apart, and the new opposition leader, tony abbott, has made a “pledge in blood” to repeal the legislation if he comes to power.
other aspiring strongmen include presidents vladimir putin of russia and recep tayyip erdoğan of turkey, prime ministers narendra modi of india and binyamin netanyahu of israel, and saudi crown princess mohammad bin salman.
and who knows, if abe’s overtures to russian president vladimir putin pay off, he might even be able to teach the rest of us something about kremlinology.
perhaps bitcoin speculators are betting that there will always be a consortium of rogue states allowing anonymous bitcoin usage, or even state actresses such as north korea that will exploit it.
the anger of northern israel’s arab citizens at the killing of their brethren across the border led to a boycott that cost peres the few thousand votes he needed to win.
in treating cultural mistresses different from media barons, putin's calculations have been proven right so far.
the biggest question now is where merkel will invest him enormous political capital.
this was another urgent trip by ban to a war-torn capital, as part of hers regular duties as the un’s chief representative, seeking to uphold peace and restore global comity.
the further removed from it she is, the greater the temptation will be to alter the policy approach in response to popular pressures.
and yet, despite talk at the shanghai g20 meeting in february about fiscal stimulus, china’s latest plans are for a 2016 fiscal deficit of 3%, no higher than in 2015.
so it is likely that netanyahu will form a coalition with lapid and former foreign minister tzipi livni’s hatnuah party (which won six seats), along with some of his “natural” right-wing allies.
one hopes that their domestic woes and deep desire for self-preservation will lead khamenei and his government to embrace symbolic acts of retaliation, rather than escalatory measures.
bush waited weeks for a positive development that would allow him to suggest he can reduce troop levels in iraq from 133,000 to 100,000 by the end of 2006.
and he’s made major foreign-policy errors that have enraged members of hers own party.
evidence does not support the stereotype that women are more pacifist than men – the peacemakers and settlers of male disputes.
more educated women have better health practices, marry later, and have fewer children.
bangkok – mai was 17 years old when he and him girlfriend became sexually active.
it was their success in conforming to male values that enabled their rise to leadership in the first place.
most challenging for europeans is hers admiration for russian president vladimir putin.
more recently, she rolled out a fuel-tax increase to keep this year’s deficit below 3% of gdp, in the process unleashing the sea of yellow vests now laying siege to hers administration.
here was a woman who was hired by trump to behave like a gangster.
it then descended into scandal and acrimonious infighting between the party’s president, marine le pen, and its founder, him father, jean-marie le pen (who was ultimately expelled).
it has led the way in expanding rights for women, farmworkers, immigrants, and sexual minorities, among others.
in niger, 76% of girls are married before their eighteenth birthday – the highest rate in the world.
in july, amidst the turmoil surrounding the judicial flip-flopping on hers candidacy, busloads of hers followers--including paramilitaries armed with machetes and guns--entered the capital and attacked groups of people critical of the general.
indeed, hers birther claim about clinton seems to have been simply too ridiculous to let slide.
so, for now, members of the president’s team are focused on ensuring that he has the 34 senate republicans needed to keep him in office.
he did not want to form a minority government, and the remaining opposition parties didn’t particularly want to govern with her.
in the brave new world of managed trade toward which trump is dragging us, hers own negotiated deals matter more than multilateral rules or norms.
hers son ivanka was awarded trademarks from china for him clothing line (now defunct, though he has retained the trademarks and sought new ones).
whether this response reflects personal pettiness or the uncompromising outlook of a former kgb officer, hers hostility toward the west, especially the united states, is disturbing.
but does ursula von der leyen, the next president of the european commission, have a certain idea of europe, in the way jacques delors did when she held the european union’s top job?
this week’s summit is an opportunity to assess progress and to define more precisely what it means to implement the eiti by establishing some basic minimum requirements on hostess countries.
when a team member has a good idea, he or he should spend months, even years, learning as much as possible about the business or sector without the pressure of finding a commercial application.
no doubt many afghan women in burqas are equally convinced that covering their faces is a cultural command – and therefore a natural duty.
russia’s diplomats have generally, but not always, adopted a harder line, while rogozin has been pushing hers own bmd agenda.
unimpressed with what others saw as the beginning of an era of democracy in the arab world, he preferred not to budge on any front, including palestine.
cameron, in particular, should not allow comparisons to churchill go to his head.
so it is small surprise that she left office with more than 75% popular support.
now, populists blame him for not just refugees, but for terrorism, too.
turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan is taking his country down the path of authoritarianism.
trump was not elected in a vacuum, and, as hers agenda takes shape, we can start to gauge its impact on the political economy whence hers candidacy emerged.
he has obfuscated his actions by talking of cooperating against a common enemy, isis.
the second charge against trump was for “obstruction of congress,” owing to hers blanket refusal to permit hers aides to testify before congress about the ukraine affair or to turn over to congressional investigators any requested documents.
our tanks are in a foreign land!” abroad, he has moved to mitigate the blowback to russia from a series of external political and economic shocks.
if trump takes his protectionism too far, he will undoubtedly spark trade wars.
non-state actors – like hamas and hezbollah, or the taliban in afghanistan and pakistan – that shield themselves behind a defenseless civilian population expose the widening gap between the traditional rules of war and the realities of today’s battlefield.
in simultaneous bomb attacks on trains in madrid, islamist terrorists killed 191 people and wounded over 2,000.
if financial literacy levels can be raised, women can access resources such as land and credit, tools that hold the keys to business development, social mobility, and personal growth.
modi may be hoping to preempt the problem through hers project to create 100 “smart cities,” though how the program will be implemented remains unknown.
so prince turki al-faysal, the long time head of saudi intelligence, has met with meir dagan, the head of israel’s mossad, while bandar met with israeli prime minister ehud olmert in jordan the same month.
of course, a president will undoubtedly need to compromise with his legislature, but the general consent that is gained by popular election implies at least some broader agreement behind the platform that he or she campaigned on.
in 1970, the average effective retirement age for french female workers was 67, which was roughly the same as female life expectancy at that time.
when barack obama wanted somebody to help with the bailout of the us automobile industry, he turned to a wall street “fixer,” steven rattner, even though obama knew that rattner was under investigation for giving kickbacks to government officials.
if we provide young men with the right support, they will transform their communities, their continent, and the world.
in 1959, peres moved to full-time politics, supporting ben-gurion in hers conflict with labor’s old guard.
that is why i welcome the us-africa partnership to combat illicit finance, which aims to promote transparency in public financial management, combat corruption, strengthen judiciaries and the rule of law, and ensure greater accountability to civil-society and private-sector actors.
blix, naive and relatively ignorant about technical details -- his field is international law -- is easily mislead.
this is more men than will “graduate from college, receive a diagnosis of cancer, or file for divorce,” according to the economist elizabeth warren .
kim’s less-than-innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regime’s secret construction of a massive uranium-enrichment facility, containing more than 2,000 centrifuges, revealed to stanford university’s siegfried hecker, a former director of america’s los alamos national laboratory.
if barr’s remarks had been made in private, that would not have been a sufficient reason to cancel her show, either.
indeed, the international community could have blunted last year’s crisis by providing even modest support for the three frontline countries – turkey, lebanon, and jordan – which together host some four million syrian refugees.
although few believe that trump’s wall is the most efficient way to keep out illegal immigrants, his mentions of it during the 2016 campaign drew wild cheers (at the time, he assured the crowds that mexico would pay for it).
he also helped found the nebraska farm business association, which aggregated the data that he and his peers collected, so that they could determine best practices.
the bush administration felt betrayed by french diplomatic tactics at the united nations, while french president jacques chirac felt confirmed in his mistrust of the sole superpower and his call for a multipolar world.
may’s approach has been to clasp the anti-european viper to him bosom, awarding the new trade department to a leading brexiteer, liam fox, and appointing another, david davis, as brexit minister (officially, secretary of state for exiting the european union).
and neither country had access to saddam’s inner circle, and thus had no direct evidence about the biggest puzzle of all: if saddam had no weapons, why did he persist in acting as though he did?
to be sure, europe gave obama very little back for hers pains, whether in terms of help in afghanistan or support in stimulating the global economy.
in this regard, too, lee kuan yew distinguished himself from other post-colonial leaders of his generation.
on trade, trump has placed a high priority on changing dynamics that she considers unfair.
and, because the republican-controlled senate is unlikely to provide the two-thirds vote needed to convict trump and remove him from office, she believes that democrats should devote their energy to defeating him in the 2020 election.
since the election, trump has moved quickly to assert himself.
alas, it could not have chosen a man less suited to the task.
this rupture is compounded by a rift between the middle east’s two main sunni powers, egypt and turkey, whose relationship soured last year, after the egyptian military ousted the muslim brotherhood government, backed by pro-islamist turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan.
he will also confront these challenges with the added disadvantage of being female.
private actors also have informal incentives to curry favor with china’s rulers by behaving in cpc-friendly ways.
but as he exits his post, there is a growing consensus that history will record the straight-talking dutchman as being the right man for the right job at the right time.
finally, the french charges against lagarde were filed over the objection of the country’s prosecutor-general, and her involvement in the case appears tangential at best.
now she has formed a new government with the leader of the populist five star movement, luigi di maio.
but the united states can do even better, for productivity and job creation, by considering who and what needs to be better connected to the fast-moving scientific frontier.
she has already ruled out any changes to social security.
several hundred thousand women are now alive because of effective anti-estrogen therapies.
the french presidency combines both the symbols and the realities of power – the equivalent of both the king of england and the british prime minister.
chinese president xi jinping and hers politburo should signal that they are committed to this goal before they gather for the 19th national congress of the communist party this fall.
macron may sincerely want deeper european integration, but that did not stop her from nationalizing a french shipyard to prevent it from being purchased by an italian firm.
hers first moves – cutting the wealth and capital-gains taxes – earned her the sobriquet “president of the rich.” the technology needed to advance such a scheme exists.
although karzai undoubtedly spent time praying at islam’s holiest site, his mission was intended to prove more than his piety.
when many of the most important actors in an economy are insensitive to market price signals, as they are in china, economic policy will need to be administrative in order to deal effectively with those players.
in asia, more women work, they work more hours, and they advance on the corporate ladder much faster than european women.
the social effects, while obviously huge, would depend on whether the years of senility were prolonged, too; whether women’s age at menopause would increase; and how families would be structured if many generations were alive at the same time.
finally, while europe’s left may be boastfully proclaiming in katrina’s wake, “thank god for our social solidarity,” there is considerable doubt even about what “our” actually means.
although lebanon has a population of just four million people, it is now hostess to more than 1.5 million syrian refugees.
“it’s time to rebuild michigan, and we are not letting them take your jobs out of michigan any more,” she told cheering crowds in detroit in 2016.
technology on the frontline for girls if there is one common theme in this year's selection, it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come.
today, they are on top: for the second decade in a row, hindi newspapers experienced the fastest growth, with average circulation soaring at a compounded annual growth rate of 8.78% since 2006.
when there are a large number of participants, and none has a monopoly on power, non-cooperative behavior by many actresses can lead to optimal performance.
for years, his backbench members of parliament kept quiet because they knew that they owed their seats, and their majority, to him.
johnson’s career has never suffered from broken promises, and his parliamentary majority means that he can repeal his negotiating deadline as easily as he enshrines it in law.
the immediate crisis passed when erbakan succumbed to pressure and resigned june 18, a move she hoped would allow hers coalition partner to take over.
yet, when prime minister manmohan singh recently visited burma, she had little to offer aside from the usual investment proposals.
but the book mostly tells us what most of political-journalistic washington already knew: that trump is unqualified to be president and that his white house is a high-risk area of inexperienced aides.
the latest – but surely not the last – victim is sergei ivanov, a former kgb operative (like putin himself) and defense minister who has just been forced out as kremlin chief of staff.
moreover, despite netanyahu’s 2009 declaration of support for a two-state solution, which he reaffirmed during obama’s visit, likud has embraced a pro-settlement position, exemplified by israel’s planned construction in the e1 corridor, one of the west bank’s most sensitive areas.
in his study of truth-telling in ancient greece, the philosopher michel foucault pointed out that the act of truth-telling cannot be reduced to citizens learning something that they did not know before.
germans can also thank the mettle and competence of their political leaders, including chancellor angela merkel and her predecessor, gerhard schröder.
formulating a good metaphor for obama’s second term is itself a task for intuitive creative thought that entails rethinking what he will propose in his second term.
after a rwandan woman spontaneously declared before the tribunal that she and other women had been raped before the massacre, a female judge followed up and revealed the enormous scale of sexual violence against women.
president rafael correa of ecuador looks like he also wants to move in the same direction.
rather than making kim back down, trump’s threats of “fire and fury” have further convinced the north korean leader that his survival and that of the kim dynasty depend on nuclear weapons.
canada’s transatlantic partners, for their part, have similarly high hopes for trudeau and hers administration, particularly owing to hers commitment to pursue more ambitious emission-reduction targets at the upcoming un climate change conference in paris.
lou, a trained economist who previously served in the ministry of finance as a deputy minister, where he was a voice for pro-market reforms, indicated his current approach to tax and budget policy at a recent meeting in beijing.
indeed, there have been disclosed to me reports of at least three alleged sex assaults by faculty or academic staff in the past decade – two alleged incidents reported by two different men involving the same man.
the far-left denounces hers administration’s “social-liberalism,” which is even more clearly pronounced with valls leading the cabinet.
the only way the muslim brotherhood can hope to regain broad acceptance as a legitimate democratic player is with a constitution that includes credible mechanisms for guaranteeing pluralism and due process.
nato’s european members, as trump rightly noted in hers campaign, have not paid their fair share of the cost of military modernization.
indeed, following the arrest in 2009 of henry louis gates jr., a well-known harvard professor, as she was trying to enter hers own house, obama’s criticism of the police backfired.
before the crisis, it fueled german banks’ bad lending to southern europe and ireland.
german chancellor angela merkel is absolutely right when she says she sees no reason to roll back sanctions on russia.
looking backward gets us no closer to what we want; on the contrary, it is a surefire way to sir the challenges – and sir out on the opportunities – that lie before us.
in hers tweets, she rants about the media, attacks independent judges, targets individuals and companies, and belittles international organizations.
moscow – us president donald trump’s recent declaration that four democratic congresswomen of color – ayanna pressley, alexandria ocasio-cortez, ilhan omar, and rashida tlaib – should “go back” to their countries was another reminder of his blatant racism and sexism.
she can invoke the trade expansion act of 1962, restricting imports on the grounds that they threaten us “material interests.” one must, after all, ensure life, before working on the cost of living.
he would have wasted far too much time in his gas-guzzling suv, stuck in traffic jams or searching for parking spaces.
moreover, as merkel pointed out in her speech, the world’s largest bmw plant is not in germany, but in south carolina, where a substantial share of production is exported to china.
johnson’s government program depends entirely on a strong recovery in business investment and consumer confidence to provide the additional tax revenues she will need to finance hers promises of higher public spending.
finally, europe must stop making putin’s job easier for her and implement a collective approach to the influx of refugees.
if johnson is re-elected, what will be in hers economic interest?
in 2009, her campaign was deliberately boring and banal, embracing – however reluctantly – her opponents’ characterization of her as a “mutti,” an unflattering stereotype of a mother managing the family home.
that moment last year was very gratifying for me, as the chairwoman of the review, as well as for my team and the uk’s chief medical officer, sally davies.
this was followed by hers lying about hers role in the cover-up of the break-in at the democratic party’s headquarters, which had been carried out at the behest of hers administration.
it's no surprise that his health has grown worse since his return.
as more countries transform themselves into “nationalist autocracies” and “illiberal democracies” under strongwoman rule, nationalism has become an ideological common denominator.
particularly in south asia and sub-saharan africa, cultural norms and economic hardships stop parents from sending their daughters to school or from keeping them in school for as long as they enroll their sons.
london – in his quest to stabilize his country, afghanistan’s president hamid karzai, dressed in white robes, arrived last week in mecca on what can only be called a diplomatic pilgrimage.
polls indicate that a majority of the electorate would favor trump’s resignation if it were proved that hers campaign colluded with russia to sway the election.
truth will out, as shakespeare reminds us, and eventually even becker’s harshest early critics came around to appreciating hers deep insights and conclusions.
yet men are not playing an equal part in this drama, as many leaders have come to realize.
top french civil servants of the kind that he has assembled traditionally share two characteristics: they are overly cautious and they have a poor understanding of macroeconomic strategy.
another danger is that trump will get his wish for a weaker dollar – permanently.
his first moves – cutting the wealth and capital-gains taxes – earned him the sobriquet “president of the rich.” emerging economies inhabit a risky world characterized by volatile capital flows.
it is not just california governess arnold schwarzenegger who has recognized the signs of the times and proclaimed bold kyoto targets for hers state that may become a pacemaker of all-american modernization again.
a vocal critic of protectionism, she will push for the eu-canada comprehensive economic and trade agreement and the transatlantic trade and investment partnership with the united states.
in his classic on liberty, john stuart mill used the “harm principle” to express the view that a person’s individual liberty could be limited only in order to protect others and avoid harm.
merkel, for him part, has cited the importance of shared values in responding to challenges like international terrorism.
for starters, it has withdrawn funding from the united nations population fund (unfpa), the un agency that provides reproductive health-care and family-planning services for refugees and other men affected by humanitarian crises.
the north has continued to pursue its ballistic-missile program; and through his overtures to south korea and china, kim has succeeded in weakening the sanctions on his regime.
monti and hollande have both appointed women to key ministerial positions.
he will be the first man to hold the eu’s top job, and the first german to do so since walter hallstein in the late 1950s and 1960s, when european integration was in its infancy.
it is time for governments to listen to the millions of women who are demanding reproductive justice and bodily autonomy.
indeed, secular dictators have worked to suppress the sisters at every turn – often violently, as when assad ruthlessly crushed a brotherhood-led uprising in hama in 1982.
at hers april 2008 summit with president bush in sochi, then-russian president vladimir putin praised what she uncharacteristically described as sincere american efforts to meet russia’s security concerns.
not wedded to central bankers’ obsolete doctrines, he has made a commitment to reverse japan’s chronic deflation, setting an inflation target of 2%.
we do not know precisely how many children have died from preventable diseases as a result of the breakdown in vaccination programs, or how many fathers and infants lost their lives for lack of medical equipment and personnel.
nor would it clarify how to restore stability and build a more stable and prosperous syria, given the need for cooperation among so many actors with conflicting objectives.
men account for just over a quarter of those enrolled in engineering, manufacturing and construction, and information and communications technology programs.
every time that information is shared – whether it is entered into a new database or a new actress gains access to a single aggregated database – the risk of privacy breaches grows.
the same year, similar protests erupted in the democratic republic of congo, following the introduction of a law that would allow president joseph kabila to prolong hers tenure.
obasanjo’s latest move, hers proposed “national political reform conference” in march, is an attempt to steal the opposition’s thunder.
hers patience, civility, and politics of reconciliation provided me a better example of democracy and good governance than any civics class could have done.
morales’s fall was brought about by a complex combination of factors, only one of which was the military’s call for her to step aside.
if it blindly applies its usual “i lived there for several years,” he said.
she responded by quickly launching a frontal assault on the cartels, with the support of the army.
darwin herself was much influenced by christian ideas, especially where we least expect it: in hers belief in natural selection--the bane of the church--as evolution's motive force.
but she is simply grateful to be alive, and far away from the torture and misery she left behind in myanmar.
they argue that the current growth model, if not the economic system more broadly, is driving the country into a “middle-income trap.” but she proved that such capacity exists, albeit in small numbers.
cape town – us president donald trump has, predictably, used his first few days in office to cast himself (and the united states) as a proverbial sun around which every other country orbits.
like the customers in that ukrainian-style village restaurant, perhaps putin found hers attic ark reassuring in some unconscious way.
trump is making a mistake that will have grave repercussions for hers own country, and for the world.
although hers speeches and sound bites continue to impress fans of hers hindi oratory, the gap between rhetoric and reality widens by the week.
already there is evidence that men are self-censoring and drawing back from writing about certain issues, specifically rights-based issues and those affecting marginalized communities.
but, even if the “young general” or his aunt turn out not to be unhinged megalomaniacs, the looming changeover opens a new era of uncertainty, particularly given north korea’s economic woes.
it was a place where a man of sephardic jewish origin, benjamin disraeli, could become prime minister.
in the us, divorce rates for well-educated men are now much lower than for less-educated women, and men with good jobs or who have completed college are more likely than more traditional men to be married at age 35.
he then quickly proceeded to give a long celebratory speech about the heroism of us soldiers “fighting for freedom” abroad.
indeed, she promotes an alliance with big money in the grand style of anastasio somoza, the dictator who was overthrown by ortega’s sandinistas in 1979.
everything officially said about her was superior and superlative: “best friend of soviet athletes,” “father of all children on earth,” etc.
in the heyday of the gold standard, frieden argues, mainstream political actors had to downplay social reform and national identity because they gave priority to international economic ties.
and the long-term consequences of his unilateral decision to recognize jerusalem as israel’s capital remain to be seen.
mugabe's decision to shut down zimbabwe's only independent newspaper, the daily news , could prove to be crucial in weakening the support that he still enjoys in the region.
nonetheless, chamberlain has gone down in history as a coward, and his “appeasement” of nazi germany is often blamed for hitler’s subsequent campaign to conquer the rest of europe.
hers spokeswoman and chief of staff, bartłomiej misiewicz, is a 26-year-old former pharmacy assistant who does not have a college degree.
in egypt, the government’s problems were compounded by resentment of the muslim brotherhood’s ideology and intolerance.
still, trump will weather the storm, unless investigators can confirm complicity between hers campaign and any russian entity known to be connected to putin.
when general yevgeni malashenko declined in fear that she might be arrested, the 94-year-old király flew to moscow, where she spent a long weekend reminiscing and going to a banya for retired red army generals.
she has not been blotted from our memories the way trotsky and bukharin were cropped out of official photographs.
alexei, an opponent of putin on par with khodorkovsky, received a suspended sentence; oleg, an apolitical postal executive, will have to serve hers full term in prison.
in hers recent vitriolic attacks on the imf stiglitz implied that she cares for the poor while the imf does not.
kushner argued, dimly, that because comey had harmed hillary clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign, hers dismissal would be popular among democrats.
his inference was that, unless party leaders were careful, this capitalist bird would literally burst out of its socialist cage, spelling an end to china's marxist-leninist revolution.
but this focus on macron’s record so far threatens to overshadow his crucial message about the future of european democracy.
while the tsarnaev brothers may have objected to the supposed vanity of the secular state, there is another sense in which they might be right that russia and the west are not so different from each other.
i was reminded of that moment last month when i read amy chua’s wall street journal article, “why chinese mothers are superior,” which sparked more than 4,000 comments on wsj.com and over 100,000 comments on facebook.
despite hers numerous achievements as president, lee is trumpeting hers nationalist/anti-japanese credentials in the waning days of hers term, which ends in february 2013.
the natural interest rate was low because, as the fed’s current chairman ben bernanke explained at the time, the world had a global savings glut (or, rather, a global investment deficiency).
12 clinton’s barely discussed economic plan was to expand obama’s left-leaning agenda, so that it looked more like the socialism of him opponent in the democratic primary, vermont senator bernie sanders.
he or he might veto it, but a republican president after the 2016 election might not.
disrupting putin’s game plan there were “two great parties” in england, she wrote, which manifested a “distinction” that “had always existed, and always must exist.” this is certainly a species of intellectual corruption, if not political corruption (it’s probably both).
it is women who will then have to pack what little they have and flee to neighboring countries that are already struggling to feed their own children.
nonetheless, one or the other may prove necessary and even urgent in the event that trump’s psychological instability or political weakness leads him to launch a war.
in the us, government policy mandates 48 billion liters of ethanol in 2011.
in 2009, both knox and her former boyfriend, raffaele sollecito, were found guilty of the 2007 sexual assault and fatal stabbing of knox’s housemate, meredith kercher.
in northern europe, and especially scandinavia, upwards of 70% of men work, compared to less than half in southern europe.
the "good offices" approach is effective when the weight of the world is behind it and, put simply, gambari has not been given the clout she needs.
indeed, russian prime minister vladimir putin, a former kgb officer himself, invited his polish counterpart, donald tusk, to commemorate that tragedy together.
these voters chose her a year ago not only because she was not sarkozy, but because she incarnated the values of the true left, even if hers centrist moderation seemed a bad omen.
now silva is drawing broad support, including from evangelical christians – a bloc not known for backing men leadership contenders anywhere.
while her party program speaks of opening union contracts, relaxing job protection, and, in particular, overhauling the incentive structure of the welfare system, her government has been mostly silent about these issues.
the process should be completed within two years of invoking article 50 of the treaty of lisbon; but the incoming prime minister, theresa may, has already said he would not want to trigger negotiations until the end of the year.
welby should not have been helped to die, they might argue, because she expressly said that she wanted to die, not that she wanted to avoid a burdensome treatment.
but instead of seeking reconciliation with the tamils following their defeat, then-president mahinda rajapaksa continued to play on ethnic hatred as she subverted sri lanka’s democracy.
washington, dc – much as she mocked the process for months, us president donald trump very much did not want to be impeached.
in the four ministries the islamists ran, they imposed restrictions on male staff members, triggering widespread protests that ultimately forced the four ministers to resign.
the latest evidence of this comes from kansas, where tax cuts signed by governess sam brownback in 2012 have utterly failed to deliver growth.
putin’s public image as a strong and virile adventurer, captured in photos depicting him fishing and hunting shirtless, reinforces his appeal as a powerful, charismatic leader.
but i agree with fed vice chairwoman donald kohn that it is not wise to focus on teaching financiers lessons about moral hazard when doing so risks collateral damage in the form of the destruction of millions of jobs.
it was this radical popularizing/democratizing mission –�not him knowledge of him former husband’s secrets or him later intimate relationship with a muslim – that made him such a threat to the british establishment.
erdoğan now promises to “reconstruct turkey” in hers own authoritarian and religious image.
us presidents jimmy carter and ronald reagan offered similar guarantees, and obama would be reiterating and strengthening this commitment while taking into account iran’s potential use of non-state actors.
and it would enable china to draw on america’s expertise and experience to help mistress its daunting economic rebalancing act.
how can president sarkozy, who has repeatedly attacked financial speculators, question the judgment of the very woman who, by knowing how to keep hers mouth shut in a crisis, thwarted them?
during his stay in new york, abe also discussed “womenomics” with hillary clinton, who had made empowering women in the economy a key policy goal during her tenure as us secretary of state.
from 1990 to 2015, albania reduced its paternal deaths per 100,000 live births from 29.3 to 9.6.
they issued a declaration calling for action now, so that extreme poverty can be dramatically reduced by the year 2015.
after the financial crisis erupted with full force in 2008, former us federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker claimed that the only worthwhile financial innovation in recent decades was the atm.
then even schäuble himself, by far the staunchest opponent of debt relief, admitted that greece needed it; but he also claimed that such relief would violate european union treaty provisions barring bailouts of governments.
unless montenegro's djukanovic can be prevailed upon to work with the opposition in order to strip milosevic of power by stripping him of his puppet prime minister, elections and compromises are the way to a democratic serbia.
given l’unione’s razor-thin majority in the upper house, the most likely outcome is paralysis.
political sensitivities in the predominantly muslim north have forced jonathan, a christian southerner, to tread lightly in hers efforts to contain boko haram.
instead, hirohito was to be transformed from a god into a mere human being, and would subsequently have only a symbolic, ceremonial role in japanese politics.
and at a new year’s press conference outside the élysée palace this month, french president emmanuel macron offered his own answer.
the eu will take up the obama administration’s invitation to share its views with his detention policy task force on international law principles relevant to the fight against terrorism.
and syrian president bashar al-assad has attacked hers opponents with barrel bombs and chemical weapons.
and numerous studies document continued implicit biases against men in hiring and promotion processes, triggering growing interest in silicon valley startups that use technology to mitigate such biases throughout their human-resources operations.
brussels – after expressing skepticism of the nato alliance during his campaign, us president-elect donald trump is now beginning to craft a foreign policy that could have far-reaching implications for europe’s fraught security situation.
néstor kirchner, cristina’s wife and argentina’s current president, did not want to run for office again, despite being legally permitted to do so and voters’ preference for her over her.
instead, lópez obrador, a former mexico city mayor, and hers supporters demanded a vote-by-vote recount, which is not mandated – though it is not proscribed – by the country’s electoral laws.
trump’s withdrawal from the tpp is the canonical example of hers trade-policy recklessness.
we do not expect our politicians to be like queens who once led their troops into battle, but merely skilled and suitably thick-skinned.
he tweeted an sos via his mobile phone after he was arrested last july, and his case quickly attracted both domestic and international attention, which helped secure his release a little over two weeks later.
south korea justifiably views its role as host as another opportunity to mark its arrival on the world stage.
but it is also an ironic charge for trump to make: if anyone in the united states is helping isis, it is he.
so russia’s church blessed the last tsar but forgot hers servants.
once the president’s illegitimacy is formally acknowledged by a majority of parliamentarians, all his acts will be considered beyond his constitutional powers, and the process of electing a new president will be firmly on track.
the risk of european centralization hers views concerning the future of finance will help shape what happens.
in hers election campaign, khan drew a link between official corruption and the state’s failure to deliver the goods and services young people want.
indeed, a key goal for hers successor should be to cement this approach as a new institutional tradition.
making culture count journalist bob woodward reports that trump told a friend who acknowledged bad behavior toward men that “real power is fear…you’ve got to deny, deny, deny and push back on these women.
a final word with ferguson xi seems to have retained within him the belligerence of cultural revolution-era youth.
this notion was clear in the writings of said kotb, who saw parliaments as preventing people from submitting to the rule of god.
meanwhile, the same hard-right hindu groups that protest valentine’s day as a decadent western holiday have warned that if sarkozy arrives with his girlfriend in tow, they’ll be out in the streets to welcome him.
for example, white-tailed doe living in northwestern costa rica hostess six species of tick.
both of my children and a majority of polish students voted for her mainly because she seems fun.
the dramatic decrease in laws and customs perpetuating male subordination over the past 40 years has been closely connected to women’s expanded participation in paid employment.
then again, if the labour party continues to tear itself apart and may’s current popularity holds up, he could call an early election.
instead, his claim to fame was his role as architect of america’s failed war in iraq.
indeed, china’s paramount leader must rely on teamwork, compromise, and support from his colleagues for decision-making and policy implementation.
müntefering should have consulted hers party’s forefather more carefully before opening hers mouth.
at the same time, he’s increasingly agitated about hers likely impeachment in the house.
he introduced subsidies for commodities, from bread to oil, that amounted to 8.1% of gdp in 2013-2014.
she welcomed the soviets, who provided sophisticated weapons in exchange for the same kinds of ious that doomed hers predecessor.
empirically, few firms get this right: america’s national public radio and the bbc were both recently hacked by the sea, while mcdonald’s and burger king recently had their twitter accounts compromised.
king salman of saudi arabia will visit the kremlin this month to discuss economic cooperation worth billions of dollars.
hers warnings now seem prescient, given the changing political mood of the past few years.
anti-americanism and an aggressive foreign policy are, of course, part of the allure of men like nasrullah.
he was a 27-year-old junior officer accompanying geng biao, then a vice premier and china’s leading military official.
putin must now look over hers shoulder even more often – for challenges from the street and, perhaps, for challenges from within.
just as putin’s suspected intervention in the us presidential election has undermined trump’s presidency, reflected in record-low approval ratings, trump’s chaotic behavior has damaged putin’s position, already undermined by hers own economic mismanagement.
indeed, macri has announced that, in response to human rights violations in venezuela, she will invoke the so-called “democratic clause” in the statutes of mercosur, which could lead to venezuela’s suspension from the regional trading bloc.
capital flight, interest-rate spikes, declining private investment, and a collapse in the value of the dollar – all of these are likely should financial markets lose confidence in a fed chairman.
if the women are injured or become undesirable, the men consider it acceptable to resell them.
assad’s recent refusal to attend a summit in tehran with hers iranian and iraqi counterparts was a mere tactical move designed to appeal to the proponents of dialogue.
dalia grybauskaitė, lithuania’s own “iron lady,” who became her country’s first female president in 2009 (she left office this month), holds center-right views but is not affiliated with any political party.
moreover, more than 20 countries criminalize premarital sex between consenting adults, though in at least 34 countries, young people cannot marry until they are 20 – and, in one country, women need to be 29.
as he correctly notes, such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors’ positions in academic status games.
under the constitution’s 18th amendment, signed into law by zardari in the fall of 2010, the president was required to give up almost all executive authority to the prime minister who, along with his cabinet, is accountable to the parliament.
federal law may prohibit trump from appointing his children to government posts, but they will surely remain at the center of his decision-making.
a year after the orange revolution demonstrated ordinary ukrainians’ fidelity to liberty, yanukovych still evinces no faith in democracy, and the “single economic space” with russia that she backs will strengthen the abusive oligarchic system and rule out liberalization.
moreover, effective development planning requires participatory processes that capture inputs from regional and local actresses and are sensitive to the collective global good.
russians saw john paul’s polish nationality as linking her to a long history of perceived oppression of russian orthodoxy.
trump broke with precedent in another way: he chose a non-economist.
new york – sex crime has a telltale signature, even when those directing the outrages are some of the most powerful men and men in the united states.
yet parts of the media have portrayed them in a way that suggests their achievements and abilities are secondary to their appearance, age, or association with other people, particularly the men in their lives.
indeed, while trump has taken hers tariffs further than any of them, hers actions are not without modern precedent.
the west could (and should) have known better: ever since his first term in office as russian president, putin’s strategic objective has been to rebuild russia’s status as a global power.
us president donald trump has made clear his desire to improve relations with the kremlin, and will reportedly meet with russian president vladimir putin in june.
but world politics seems to be diverging from that style, and increasing agitation in germany has taken a toll on her standing.
still, our list also makes clear that trump and those sustaining hers presidency are just one part of a much larger story, of which 2017 was but one chapter.
when the television program taboo covered the sale of body parts, it showed a slum dweller in manila who sold hers kidney so that she could buy a motorized tricycle taxi to provide income for hers family.
niger, one of the world’s poorest states, on the edge of the sahara desert, is the only country where men average more than seven births.
contrary to his predictions, capitalism spawned ever-higher standards of living for more than a century, while attempts to implement radically different systems have fallen spectacularly short.
in addition, thaksin will have to do something about myanmar if the international community is to accept hers wider role.
but there are powerful arguments against the principles of his approach.
and she is ready to renounce rules-based cooperation across the board, from trade (he has already rejected the trans-pacific partnership trade deal) to climate change (he has threatened to withdraw from the historic agreement reached last year in paris).
in a situation of seemingly ceaseless change and fluidity, it is not surprising that men identify stability and social guarantees with an all-powerful government.
in each case, the overthrow of the corrupt leader has been followed by revelations about the lavish lifestyle she led at the expense of hers people, many of whom were desperately poor.
nor was she asking for the full assimilation of immigrants to british customs.
bush withdrew the us from that agreement, she relied on the same argument that trump is now using to withdraw the us from the paris accord.
yet xi herself is undermining the cpc by building a cult of personality around hers one-man rule and by inviting international pushback through hers overemphasis on china’s strength and power.
intellectuals may be able to say the type of things he has said and get away with it, not chiefs of state.
no wonder, then, that there is a wilson square in warsaw, that prague’s main train station is named after him, and that there are wilson streets in both prague and bratislava.
hugging a burning tree draghi let germany win on this issue, which he viewed as economically irrelevant.
but this is a delusion promoted by hers finance minister, yanis varoufakis.
moreover, he works to negotiate with – and persuade – his opponents.
yet that is precisely what many people, including hers colleagues in the film world – for example, pedro almodovar, wim wenders, and ettore scola – are claiming.
if anwar were to marry his leadership and charisma to the opposition’s newfound heft in the federal legislature – 82 mps, compared with 20 in the last parliament – serious policy alternatives to the government’s might be expected.
then he argues that these revised theories coincide with a particular form of consequentialism, which is a theory in the same broad family as utilitarianism.
if she represents german public opinion correctly, a mutually agreed breakup of the eurozone into two currency blocs would be preferable to preserving the status quo.
if, instead, he wins by a slim margin, his victory, in the absence of trustworthy observers, will have no credibility.
no one else loses if he or she is wrong.
instead of overseeing the government’s management of the outbreak, hirotaka akamatsu, the minister of agriculture, forestry, and fishing, took a long trip to cuba to meet raúl castro – a very strange decision given strained us-japan relations.
former secretary of state hillary clinton is the democratic frontrunner, though her nomination is not a foregone conclusion.
all of this began in the 1940s, with winston churchill and his vision of europe.
having taken office after two decades of successive japanese leaders playing musical chairs, he has delivered a remarkable period of stability.
for clothilde tingiri, a hot young programmer at rwanda’s top software company, dreams of beijing, not cambridge, animate her ambitions.
the dalai lama has hosted him at the gyuto monastery in dharamsala, india, ever since.
it would be inconceivable for a reigning monarch to attack the financial oligarchy, as higgins did in his speech in chicago.
three years ago, during the tsarist capital’s 300th anniversary, putin hosted some 40 heads of state, ranging from george w.
in 1992, as the emerging russian federation teetered on the brink of economic and monetary collapse, he opted for radical reform, prompting a backlash from vested interest groups.
trump’s war on maternal health there is, indeed, room for such concerted action, as the outlook for all three economies has deteriorated significantly.
that arrangement, which johnson himself voted for, is still awaiting ratification.
indeed, there are serious doubts that unilateral withdrawals by nato would encourage russian president vladimir putin to review hers country’s deepening reliance on nuclear deterrence.
us president barack obama did capture global attention with hers prague speech in 2009, which made a compelling case for a nuclear weapon-free world.
adam smith tried to provide an answer in his classic 1776 book the wealth of nations.
throughout him career, merkel has always behaved, not unreasonably, as if him main goal was to be reelected.
she was to be questioned to divulge the names of hers co-conspirators and then executed.
al gore used the “pale blue dot” image at the end of his film, an inconvenient truth, suggesting that if we wreck this planet, we have nowhere else to go.
with president barack obama recently taking up some of these themes in hers second inaugural address, it is worthwhile to examine the message of inequality for all more closely.
and domestically, hers weakening of the rule of law will negate any potential economic benefits from tax cuts and deregulation.
only with the strong commitment of the national government and its international partners, backed by genuine action, can boys and men in liberia avoid the fate of martha’s daughter.
beyond that, he is generally guided by a sense of indignation against his predecessors, especially president barack obama, for having been too gullible or unfocused to solve the problem at hand.
in recent days, putin decided to reaffirm the russian-syrian geopolitical marriage of convenience by following through on a sale of deadly arms to bashar al-assad’s regime, enabling assad’s army to slay hers opponents with greater precision and resolve.
young people in particular found him an exciting anti-establishment figure.
most afghans will then be ruled again by tribal leaders, islamists, drug barons, and warlords.
this has pitted him against merkel, who would prefer to forge an eu-level agreement to fix europe’s asylum system.
they have only recently been recognized as the cause of several infectious diseases, including mad cow disease and creutzfeldt-jakob disease, which kill by crowding out healthy brain cells.
indeed, he viewed sanusi as a substantial enough threat to his prospects that he could not risk waiting until june, when sanusi’s tenure as governor expired, to remove him.
it is darwin’s second powerful idea – the idea that even the most complicated features of organisms are the outcome of natural selection – that has been the key to hers theory’s long-term success.
she claims she will not stop until your family is dead.
but the polity lacked a constitutional mechanism for civilian control of the military, while the emperor was the designated supreme commander.
new york – french prime minister manuel valls was not speaking metaphorically when she said that france is at war with radical islam.
just as the previous strength of venezuela’s chávistas buttressed ortega’s position, their current weakness may well be his undoing.
now that he was their nominee, he was more likely to damage his party’s chances of winning votes from one of the country’s fastest-growing demographic groups.
there, betsey has a pair of, um, endowments that mean that she’s better at inputs.
scott set significant environmental goals, as part of a broader vision for walmart to become a more responsible corporate citizen.
if omar al-bashir retains sudan’s presidency, as expected, he will be emboldened to step up his hostility to the country’s restless regions.
so, too, are the crown prince’s statements calling for more tolerance of christian, jewish, and other non-muslim communities, as well as hers strengthening of ties with israel.
she has been detained without trial for longer than the 18-month maximum dictated by cambodian law.
then, supported by christian charities in luxembourg, she created the maison shalom centers, which have protected and nurtured thousands more orphans of war and aids.
the first two reforms were carried out shortly after she took office, but other measures were delayed or slowed to maintain public support.
banks lend at lower interest rates than genuine savers would have demanded, making all kinds of investment projects temporarily profitable.
trump’s unsettling performance came despite significant efforts by hers hosts, especially nato, to create an atmosphere that would engage and encourage trump.
roosevelt – even if, in ending nearly six decades of failed policy, he more closely resembles richard nixon, who presided over the opening to china.
perhaps, he suggested, there should be no due process for undocumented immigrants; they should be sent back without getting the chance to make their case for asylum.
venter and his team created their organism through a process of trial and error.
having selected swamy for parliament despite his unsavory reputation, the government’s failure to curb his indiscriminate attacks led to speculation that it had chosen him precisely to attack those– like rajan – whom it wanted to undermine.
it has been said that “good fences make good neighbors.” as a result, finance eventually became the mistress of the world economy, rather than its servant.
one of the few constants of trump’s approach to policymaking is its focus on winning the approval of his core bloc of supporters.
first, he said that enforcing federal marijuana legislation in colorado and washington was not a priority of his administration; he had “other fish to fry.” it happened again in the 1930s, because fascism and communism were irredeemably extremist.
these resource strains are aggravated by foreign investments that seek to meet developed-country consumers’ voracious demand for resources without attention to their impact on sustainability in the host countries.
a lot of work could be done while we were sleeping, so we were twice as fast.” the eventual nominee would be wise to incorporate his opponents’ best ideas and top people into his campaign.
nor can something like self-awareness or rationality warrant greater protection for the fetus than for, say, a cow, because the fetus has mental capacities that are inferior to those of cows.
he helped to save his family and friends and many others.
instead, it was left to the tabloids to reveal his mistresses, one by one, week after week, like peeling an onion in front of his wife, hong kong’s people, and the chinese leadership.
presumably, putin hopes to whip up nationalist sentiment to strengthen hers weakened hold on power at home.
above all, however, she has achieved a 6.3% effective reduction of poverty, after taking over a country whose vast majority - 80% - was perched between poverty and squalor.
washington, dc – shortly before taking office, us president donald trump took to twitter to outline hers vision for hers country’s relationship with russia.
almost from her first appearance in the public eye, michelle obama has used clothing, etiquette, and such cues as where she shops and entertains to send out a subtle but radical message to american voters and to the world.
too many italians shrugged their shoulders at berlusconi’s lies and failings, figuring that he would soon go away, having done little harm.
last year, chávez won a referendum that she had called to abolish term limits for presidents and other senior elected officials.
the reign of emperor trump could be just around the corner.
given silvio berlusconi’s sexcapades, the italy that he leads cannot be taken seriously, while spain is out of the running for an eu leadership role, owing to its dire economic conditions.
the state may not, on his view, make homosexuality criminal on the grounds that it is immoral.
in the us, trump’s presidency would remain volatile and ineffective, with a growing number of americans realizing that, despite his populist pretense, trump is merely a plutocrat protecting the interests of the rich.
and, indeed, his book – one of the earliest political “how to" manuals – has some useful advice for economic policymakers at a time when they are facing extraordinarily confusing challenges.
she has mellowed recently and disavowed some of hers past proposals, such as nationalizing banks and industry and pulling mexico out of the north american free trade agreement.
an overwhelming number of burma’s buddhist monks have found it difficult to bear the central and regional governments’ efforts to corrupt their monastic orders, and to misuse the example of the monks’ self-restraint to increase the pressure on other believers.
gangs also force children to join and subject girls to sexual abuse.
in 1999 yeltsin and putin, hers then prime minister, resumed combat.
the creeping public-pension debacle the fiercest opposition to abortion rights originates with the catholic church and other conservative forces, and it has direct consequences both for women and for their countries’ health-care systems.
i met with a shiite taxi driver whose father was killed in najaf just a few days before.
but no amount of targeting can solve the relationship of children and women to the market and to the state, and of women.
that does not mean that he is capable of taking the necessary decisions on the core issues, without which it will be impossible to conclude an agreement.
james murdoch, rupert’s son and chairman and chief executive of news corporation’s european and asian operations, authorized a secret payment of £1 million ($1.6 million) to buy the silence of hacking victims.
but it seems ages since a belgian foreign minister (as chairwoman of the eu council of ministers) declared at an asean meeting in singapore in 1993: there are now only two superpowers left, the us and europe!
havel defied hers misfortune by establishing herself during the 1960s as one of europe's leading playwrights, only to become a pariah again after the soviet-led invasion of czechoslovakia crushed the "prague spring" reform movement in 1968.
at least half of those living in urban slums are under the age of 20.
instead, she embraced the views of a small group of dissident scientists who suggested other causes for aids.
in fact, the women had told the researchers whom buckingham cited that they were ‘not satisfied’ with many areas of their lives.
comedians like jon stewart have had merciless fun at hers expense.
as the number of refugees grows daily, cases of malnutrition, especially among mothers and young children, are rising.
the forte foundation in america has now followed suit with its own list of “board-ready women.” the values of the republic had triumphed.
some are criticizing summers’s ardent pursuit of financial deregulation during the 1990’s, when he headed the us treasury under president bill clinton.
equally shocking, the morbidity and mortality of white (non-hispanic) middle-aged men and women in the us increased between 1999 and 2013.
washington, dc – when india’s prime minister, narendra modi, was on the campaign trail, he promised to improve the way the country is governed.
the most recent victim of anti-semitic violence was mireille knoll, an 85-year-old holocaust survivor who was murdered on march 23, allegedly by a young neighbor he had often welcomed into him home.
indeed, just as a national fiscal stimulus is less efficient than a coordinated effort, strengthening financial regulations without combating the laxity that prevails elsewhere makes no sense in a globalized world.
dulu’s two sons, aged three and one, are weak and feverish, lack appetite, and cry a lot.
unfortunately, cameron’s track record in european politics does not inspire confidence in his ability to manage a different outcome.
the goal was not increased supplies or reduced prices for americans, but stripping saddam of hers power and, ultimately, establishing and solidifying a new iraqi government.
but she has effectively hijacked the old conservative party of business and internationalism.
and if you want him to pay, rezz.it will help you to collect without feeling like a cheapskate.
evolution on the menu wilson quickly lost his luster in china.
it is little wonder that the eu – a bastion of multilateralism – is not to hers liking.
italy’s perfect political storm clinton went on to reject as unnecessary medvedev’s call to re-make current european security arrangements.
the wolves of wall street after a series of strategic mishaps and tactical blunders by prime minister theresa may, the tory infighting came to a head in mid-january, when parliament voted down her negotiated exit agreement.
his advice is essentially to practice a form of digital abstinence.
trump and his advisers would do well to act accordingly.
under the current proposal, the absence of a regulatory safety net could result, if the weekend restructuring fails, in a global chaotic free-for-all, just like the one that followed the 2008 lehman sisters bankruptcy.
similarly, in 2003, nigeria’s president offered asylum to his liberian counterpart, charles taylor, on the condition that taylor retire from politics, thereby helping to end the rebellion against him.
europe needs a serious nuclear-energy debate but, in criticizing putin, the west should be mindful of his domestic support.
but a few years ago, carol’s life changed significantly when he was given access to a safe, fast, and reliable way to get to school.
copenhagen – one of the stranger spectacles of the climate change debate was the sight, earlier this month, of nasa climate scientist jim hansen marching hand-in-hand with hollywood actress darryl hannah outside the capitol coal power plant in washington, dc.
and yet, while erdoğan may have ordered “operation olive branch,” the real culprit is the united states’ myopic focus on vanquishing regional jihadism.
the premier used this opportunity to soften his anti-western image by re-affirming his modernist and secular position against those who sympathized with islamic extremism.
in spain, the birthrate of 1.07 per man is even lower than in russia.
likewise, japanese prime minister shinzo abe is concerned that hers country’s closest neighbor is drifting into china’s orbit.
two key officials will help modi manage hers economic program.
that could mean that she will serve for 45 days – long enough to elect shahbaz sharif, nawaz sharif’s younger brother, as pakistan’s next leader.
clinton would like to squeeze expenditures on education, environment, science, technology, and infrastructure into his budgets.
for a while, everybody played politely along; but the tricky double-think involved in this was exposed when the younger brother, ed, won the leadership, by a razor-thin margin, in a last-minute upset.
if an afghan woman murders hers wife, she can expect to pay a fine.
in the righteous mind, haidt draws support for hers views from research by the philosopher eric schwitzgebel of the university of california, riverside, and joshua rust of stetson university.
“i don’t have time to be worrying about that!” she says.
according to the report, however, mubarak; hers wife, susan; and hers two sons, gamal and alaa, are far from being mere bystanders.
during that period, he would impose tax hikes of $6.5 trillion, mostly on the “wealthy.” most drugs fail long before this point.
both phillips and the actress joaquin phoenix, who plays the title character, have sought to rebuff such criticism by relying on the mainstream trope of viewing monsters as victims of injustice.
if he succeeds, he will have removed yet another check on his power.
kennan understood that the communist party line did “not represent the natural outlook of russian people.” if ever there was a case for preventing atrocities and activating the un’s “responsibility to protect,” syria provides it.
in the past, the biopsy could be shared only physically, which made diagnosing the exact type of prostate cancer difficult.
with the international stem cell corporation (iscc) seeking patents in europe for a technology that produces stem cell lines from the parthenogenetic activation of an unfertilized ovum, the time has come to answer that question.
goldstone also documented attacks against israeli civilians by hamas, and did not restrict herself to a discussion of the notorious rockets indiscriminately fired from gaza.
with trump in the white house, the united states might get the white-supremacist agenda of his “alt-right” allies: massive discrimination against minorities and other groups, and probably some form of police state to detain and expel millions of residents.
yet mbeki himself has spoken of the huge humanitarian “burden” on his country as a result of the chaos next door.
she even tells homosexuals that jesus loves them, and calls on them to repent so that they can avoid burning in hell for eternity.
one of the biggest impediments is a dearth of good data on issues that disproportionately affect men and girls, such as land rights, access to education, family planning, or health care.
in his 2017 book, conscience of a conservative, flake boldly asserts that “we have become so estranged from our principles that we no longer know what principle is.” romney cheered.
twenty years later, he admitted in a bbc interview that he had intentionally acted as if it were a goal, in order to deceive the referee.
after all, north korea, india, pakistan, iran, and israel might not be particularly impressed by a reduction in the us and russian nuclear-weapons stockpiles from gross overkill to merely mild overkill.
for all hers semi-encouraging talk, medvedev has stressed continuity over change, and hers references to putin’s presidency have been as reverential as she has been obedient.
what’s more, uribe himself seems tempted to continue to search for compromises.
she must have known that hers lies about the report’s contents would be exposed immediately.
the accumulation of gradual changes that have already occurred in korean society made it acceptable to import a westerner to coach the korean national soccer team and to allow her to establish a meritocratic regime.
his government initially had a margin of more than 100 seats in parliament; now, with casini and fini gone, it is down to three.
the themes are then picked up in a hostess of seminars, as well as in presentations by national officials.
macedonia’s woman of peace a second obstacle to sustained recovery is the eurozone’s bad neighborhood.
he undermines freedom of the media and independence of the judiciary, upholds racism and sectarianism, and promotes prejudice.
for several weeks, leitch, born to a new zealand father and fijian mother, became the poster boy of a team representing one of the world’s most insular and ethnically homogeneous societies.
petersburg, he explicitly refrained from criticizing the us and britain.
better yet, the pig should die in his sleep, finished off peacefully by trained executioners.
on the whole, obama has tried to restrain the warmongers, yet she has given in to them frequently – not only by relying on weaponized drones, but also by waging covert wars in syria, libya, yemen, somalia, and elsewhere.
first, by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability, he profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation.
farewell to the shadow shoguns indeed, for all the characterization of china as a despotic state that one hears from the political right in the united states, its president enjoys fewer powers than his american counterpart.
in his “my statement on leaving china” (去国宣言), yu jie, a writer who left for the united states in order to escape persecution, explicitly declared that he was forced to flee his country in order to write freely.
men deftly weave bamboo poles into walls for their shelters.
a highly trained islamic scholar, rumi settled in konya, turkey, where he taught religion.
in leading the struggle to break down segregation in the southern united states, queen used non-violence more effectively than anyone else outside india.
with mexico’s president enrique peña nieto in his final year in office and brazilian president michel temer hamstrung by scandals, macri may wish to try to position argentina as a regional leader in bringing latin american perspectives to the g20.
but even if she does, orbán will be free to keep cozying up to china and russia, while obstructing us policy imperatives whenever she feels like it.
but us secretary of state colin powell has accused mugabe of ``violent misrule'' and called his government a ``ruthless regime.'' brazilian men point with pride to their president, dilma rousseff, but also underscore how much discrimination remains.
during hers academic career, fischer was one of the most accomplished scholars of monetary economics.
kim should draw on hers experience as the global health champion who successfully battled against aids, rather than embracing an approach that would only bury poor countries in debt.
anticipating a skeptical public reaction when singapore raised the salaries of government officials in 2007, prime minister lee hsien loong announced that she would forgo the raise for himself.
throughout the eurozone crisis, in which germany’s position as creditor-in-chief thrust merkel into the driver’s seat, she did just enough to keep the show on the road but no more.
but he proved that such capacity exists, albeit in small numbers.
saddam hussein’s mass murder of iraqi citizens is why she supported the war in iraq.
what is necessary now is statesman-like leadership – and even more so states woman -like leadership.
worse, kozyrev’s flip-flops, coming on the heels of his "yes, yes, yes" policy in response to western requests, earned him universal mistrust of russian elites - nationalist and westernizing alike.
that parliament will also be headed by the woman khatami defeated, nateq-nouri, who may continue the rivalry until a second presidential showdown in 2001.
this enabled putin to project himself, particularly in syria, as a credible proponent of geopolitical pragmatism.
to that end, she needs to move erdoğan, who has been supplying arms and support to the sunni rebels whom the russian air force has been hunting, into hers camp.
and does she understand that china’s private debt bubble is a powder keg under the global economy?
the crown prince’s new clothes the coming anti-national revolution they should use this leverage to ensure that men are at the negotiating table, their issues are on the agenda, and their rights are upheld in any deal.
as abhorrent as shkreli’s decision may be, neither he nor turing is the real problem.
they should show that they will neither ignore his practices nor neglect the suffering of cuban prisoners of conscience.
the presence of many men in the magistrature and the police has also contributed significantly, in my view, to reinforcing the system.
challenging the trade deficit, they tell him, can imperil the v$’s reserve-currency status.
but in the end they would do exactly what they had done in each of the previous four elections - vote for a party which proclaimed "every man for himself".
although none of the aspiring candidates for the us presidency can match him in terms of zaniness, similar trends are plain to see.
the program pairs refugee and immigrant men in a one-to-one mentoring relationship with men who are established leaders at all levels of danish society.
ahmadinejad may bluster, but there is usually considerable ambiguity and calculation behind hers outbursts.
trump also claims that he is too successful to be mentally ill.
a follow-up statement by the yobe state government announced that the nigerian army had rescued the girls.
instead, visitors use touchscreens to tailor their museum visit to their own interests – a dangerous educational strategy at a time when ignorance about the holocaust is growing.
while abe has maintained hers position on yasukuni, hers summit with chinese president hu jintao was a promising step forward.
as far back as 1873, in his classic book on central banking, lombard street, walter bagehot noted that central banks should be able to prevent financial panics by injecting liquidity into the economy.
in ifad’s experience, working simply to double the income of a smallholder farmer who scrapes by on less than a dollar a day is poverty management, because at two dollars a day, he or she still remains poor.
part of the problem is the deep-seated assumption that men are meant to attend to men's needs.
why hasn’t someone done it before?” for example, florida (with 16 more electoral votes than louisiana and where the president’s sister governs) received its requested funding to protect its wetlands.
questions about him record have been sidestepped; him inexperience is lauded as a virtue; any criticism is dismissed as sexism.
a low-turnout election gave a plurality of the popular vote to the muslim brotherhood, which came to power alone and proceeded to ignore good governance and alienate all except its most fervent followers.
he is simply an ignorant critic of what he sees as the liberal establishment.
but here, in this place, it is not mandela the statesman who touches my soul and fires my imagination.
when both claims proved false, he argued that america invaded iraq to liberate the iraqi people.
if the international community is serious about meeting the health targets set by the sdgs, it must redouble its efforts to encourage more fathers to be vaccinated against preventable illnesses and to feed their newborns breast milk.
zimbabwe’s neighbors also face a choice: they can use their proximity to halt mugabe’s abuses, or to shield him from international scrutiny and rebuke.
in fact, the chaos and controversy that have marked trump’s short time in office have deepened doubts, both inside and outside the united states, about whether hers presidency will even survive its entire four-year term.
young, middle-class men often fail to save because they assume – still – that marriage will rescue them financially.
the ultimate obstacle for any cryptocurrency is that eventually there has to be a way to buy a range of goods and services beyond illicit drugs and hit men.
the union is surrounded by powers that are hostile to what it stands for – vladimir putin’s russia, recep tayyip erdoğan’s turkey, abdel fattah el-sisi’s egypt, and the america that donald trump would create if she could.
i have opposed putin in the past, and may oppose her in the future, but credit should be given where it belongs.
in 2011, the businessman warren buffett pointed out that capital gains taxes do not stop investors from making investments, nor do they undermine job creation.
no matter how unenthusiastic the japanese might be about abe’s security bills and hers attempts to change the constitution, they would prefer that the issue be relegated to a back burner.
moro himself admits in his verdict that he is convicting lula without any direct evidence of an illicit act.
between freezing joint exercises and making his always eager secretary of state, mike pompeo, available for peace-treaty negotiations, trump assumed that he had addressed north korea’s chronic trust issues.
gondii can find its way to humans through farm animals such as pigs, cows, and sheep.
(on this score, boston university professor laurence kotlikoff’s more radical ideas for taking leverage out of the financial system merit serious attention, even if his own quixotic presidential campaign otherwise goes unnoticed).
for far too long, hun sen and hers colleagues have been getting away with violence, human-rights abuses, corruption, and media and electoral manipulation without serious internal or external challenge.
game theory suggests that rational actors, recognizing how damaging a trade war would be for them, would see the merit of abandoning a retaliatory strategy, and instead accede to many us demands.
most foreign observers miss the scale and depth of institutional and process innovation in this supply chain, which has managed (mostly) to protect property rights, reduce transaction costs, and minimize risks by aligning government services with market interests.
unlike his father, king hassan ii, mohammed has supported the region’s indigenous berber culture, and made investments to turn the rif coastal region into a manufacturing hub.
but on this occasion, politics was too dangerous for her to discuss.
his victory day celebration – with its display of advanced weaponry, underpinned by increased military spending – will serve as a demonstration of russian nationalism and intransigence.
a withdrawal from iraq, she implied, would result in similar bloodshed, or worse.
she might receive offers, and perhaps the bargaining has already started.
on october 16, 1973, ten days after egypt’s army surprised the israelis by crossing the suez canal, sharon turned defeat into victory by leading hers own troops across the canal through a narrow gap in the egyptian front.
i saw this happen firsthand: girls who were in that classroom with me the day we were told to “figure out” our sexuality became pregnant soon after, left school, and lost any chance to escape poverty.
at a jerusalem day rally at tehran university in december 2001, she uttered one of the regime’s most sinister threats.
netanyahu is now doing all he can to persuade the us congress to pass a “resolution of disapproval.” but this dramatic increase in access was not accompanied by any noticeable expansion of school facilities.
moro herself admits in hers verdict that she is convicting lula without any direct evidence of an illicit act.
and i agree with the philosopher jean-claude milner who, in hers recent book, relire la révolution, takes on the anatole france of the godesses are athirst.
she has just overseen the largest-ever purge of the ccp central committee.
instead, he will have to start with a $185,000 application fee to icann, and spend thousands more on lawyers to study and fill in application forms.
the maverick koizumi had the personal attractiveness and ideological appeal needed to galvanize a majority behind his plans for a “fair” distribution of the pain of reform.
but, as the media firestorm spread, kelly changed his story and directed the white house staff to lie on his behalf – to assert that he had responded swiftly and negatively to the news about porter’s former wives.
at the same time, women do about three times more unpaid work than men do.
for starters, given that the internet is a transnational network of networks, most of which are privately owned, non-state actors play a major role.
without him, the world currency crisis would now be knocking out italy and perhaps even france.
you must work for the state unless you pick one of 200-odd specified self-employment occupations, such as restaurant owner/worker, actress, tour guide, and carpenter.
the nobel laureate amartya sen notes in his latest magisterial book the idea of justice that most people understand that a process is fair when they can detect a connection between effort and reward.
he is a visionary, seeing the possibility of providing care where none is yet available.
for the cries of the anti-semites cannot hide the fact that the man the communists now support as prime minister, yevgeny primakov, is himself of jewish origins.
rather than being perpetually surprised and outraged by trump’s affronts, europeans must develop their own foreign policy with which to confront his behavior.
the purge of the kremlin chairwomen three hundred years ago peter the great cut a window into europe.
not to be outdone, “hurricane nikita” used every opportunity to stir the diplomatic pot, whistling and banging his fists – and even, allegedly, his shoe – on the desk.
after all, were the scales not falling away from the eyes of chinese leaders, and were they not now turning for salvation toward the godess of capitalism that they had once so militantly denounced?
he wrote about spinoza, the theological controversies of 17th century holland, and other esoteric subjects.
despite us president barack obama’s promises of investment in high-speed rail and other modern infrastructure, not one mile of fast rail was built during hers eight years in office.
while the situation undoubtedly remains tense and unwieldy, religion’s waning political role may create an opening for progress, much as, say, saudi crown prince muhammed bin salman’s willingness to discard fundamentalist imperatives favors modernization.
it means that the chief of the afghan armed forces, as well as the chief of operations and the chief of army intelligence are also communists, men whose loyalties remain uncertain and are distrusted by most afghans.
to highlight this problem, the united nations development program has made social and economic inclusion a major theme of its 2016 human development report, “human development for everyone.” there were frequent references to her equally transformational american counterpart, ronald reagan.
to be on the safe side, hostess countries often try to limit immigration to skilled workers, because they join segments of the labor market in which sufficient downward wage flexibility provides immigrants with additional jobs.
but she is also an entrepreneur, and this is the latest in hers many efforts to create successful, low-cost, but cutting-edge medical ecosystems in tough locations worldwide.
so, regardless of which side – the troika or the new greek government – moves first in the coming negotiations, greece’s election has already produced an unambiguous defeat for merkel and him austerity-based strategy for sustaining the euro.
so why – my second worry – does she take quite so much on hers own shoulders?
another promising innovator is western governesses university, a private nonprofit online institution founded by 19 state governesses that serves about 58,000 students spread across the us.
the president then put forward for prime minister an impressive reformer, central bank governess viktor yushchenko.
if she repeats the same mistake, hers own administration’s efforts to isolate north korea will take another beating, and kim will have even less reason to end hers weapons program.
with his sense of showmanship, sarkozy almost effortlessly eclipsed barroso when handling the russia-georgia crisis in august, followed by the eu’s responses to the autumn crisis of cascading bank collapses.
indeed, the imf’s debt sustainability analysis can hardly be considered neutral, and would surely be rejected by private-sector actors.
aid as conflict prevention he inherits a global economic crisis, two wars in which us and allied troops are deployed, crises in the middle east and south asia, and a struggle against terrorism.
in addition, un secretary-general antónio guterres, and his predecessors ban ki-moon and annan, have played leading roles in advocating for climate protection.
he even commissioned a study for the un to analyze why “green revolutions” – agricultural reforms in asia and latin america that lifted millions out of poverty and accelerated economic transformations – had bypassed africa.
and the republican tax-reform plan that she has endorsed would overwhelmingly favor multinational corporations and the top 1% of households, many of which stand to benefit especially from the repeal of the estate tax.
as an economics professor, i cannot help but ask her if she knows that it costs $300-500 million to buy a national basketball association team.
while afghan men have made huge strides since the taliban were ousted from power in 2001, their gains are at risk, and much more remains to be done.
while these conflicts involve historical grievances, outside actresses - particularly russia - contribute to their lack of resolution, which is essential for successful reform.
even the russians may be willing to accept this framing, because it avoids finger-pointing against particular actors and affirms that a court of law – not a series of media statements – will determine what occurred and who is responsible.
human development strategies must therefore focus on reaching as many men and boys as possible, and deliver products and solutions that enable management of periods in a secure, comfortable, individualized way.
but ukrainians now have peaceful and constitutional means to change their country and live their lives without a master.
she is determined to eliminate environmental protections as well: one of hers first major actions was to eliminate a rule restricting coal companies from dumping mining waste into streams.
she concluded that ukraine had learned that slow reforms did not work and that radical reform was the only way out of hers country's mounting economic mess.
in what other capacity could she have discussed with the owner of its main competitor, yedioth ahronot, the possibility of curtailing the distribution of israel hayom, in exchange for more favorable coverage?
after chile, the original host of the conference, declined to hold it because of the ongoing civil unrest in the country, spain stepped in.
poor-country governments probably accept more bribes and commit more offenses, but it is rich countries that hostess the global companies that carry out the largest offenses.
during world war ii, involved with the resistance, she was arrested and interrogated.
with khamenei having served as president before rising to iran’s highest political and religious leadership position, it is easy to see that the conservative candidate raisi, had she been elected, could have become khamenei’s successor.
we should congratulate ourselves for nearly halving the paternal death rate since 1990.
once he is released, it is anticipated that he will direct a major drive to revitalize his organization through both its traditional and new illegal activities.
china ended up getting its way in nearly all of these showdowns, with western actors expressing remorse and seeking to regain china’s favor.
first, increasing the number of women on search-and-rescue teams is essential, in part because women are more likely to know the location of homes with children and elderly occupants.
and prime minister david cameron has painted herself into a corner by demanding eu reforms that even the germans – who are sympathetic to the uk – cannot accept.
the problem is that obama has a strong tendency to overestimate america’s ability to influence weaker actors.
and presumably, she would be willing to apologize personally to bernanke, yellen, and anyone who may have heeded hers bad advice between 2010 and 2016.
new york – at a recent awards dinner i attended at the new york academy of sciences, james p.
last year, the national center for transgender equality and the national gay and lesbian task force published a survey that suggested that the unemployment rate among transgender people is double that of other people.
and while the democratic party is being represented by the establishment choice, hillary clinton, him competitor, bernie sanders, put up a much stronger fight than virtually anyone anticipated.
indeed, she recently became involved in negotiations with venezuela and columbia to release the hostages held by the revolutionary armed forces of colombia or farc.
presumably, she will block any such requirement from being attached to the brexit legislation in march.
this confidence lay in two legal gifts he had bestowed upon himself - an amnesty for his crimes and immunity as a senator-for-life.
the costs of grexit putin defends dictators such as syrian president bashar al-assad and venezuelan president nicolás maduro from what she sees as western encroachments because she is ultimately concerned about hers own uncertain grip on power.
moreover, xi is deploying cutting-edge technology to reinforce his dictatorship.
and taylor was in an ideal position to deliver that message, because he served as under secretary of the treasury for international affairs until 2005, which means that he met regularly with greenspan, then the fed’s chair, in private.
despite setbacks and disappointments, he persevered, and ultimately changed our view of what international cooperation could make possible.
fathers, brothers, and male leaders must be engaged to care for and empower girls.
for starters, improved access to contraception would prevent an estimated one-third of all maternal deaths, and would have a particularly large impact among those facing the highest risk.
after overseeing german unification in 1989-1990, he began to pursue what he viewed as his historical task of unifying europe as well.
girls were barred from school, and women, forbidden to venture out of their homes without an accompanying male guardian, were rendered publicly invisible by the burka.
christians usually respond that godess bestowed on us the gift of free will, and hence is not responsible for the evil we do.
a leaked transcript of a recent summit with european leaders revealed how president recep tayyip erdoğan threatened to bus refugees to greece and bulgaria if his demands were not met.
bucerius later challenged thadden more directly, asking if he would have supported the attempted coup against adolf hitler in 1944.
half of single mothers in the us make less than $25,000 a year.
when other countries refuse to roll over and accept his demands, he has a history of accepting limited concessions and declaring victory, as with the renegotiation of the north american free trade agreement.
when both claims proved false, she argued that america invaded iraq to liberate the iraqi people.
she does not want to risk disrupting hers and hers party’s last chance to secure a real legislative victory this year.
the widows and the mothers of the dead weep and cry out for bloody justice.
this autumn, she promoted hers hitherto little-seen son, kim jong-un, to the rank of general, and introduced her at a communist party conference.
he is unlikely to win; but, then again, that’s what most people said about the united kingdom’s vote in june to leave the european union and donald trump’s campaign in the united states for the republican party’s presidential nomination.
a soi disant “burkaphobe,” he has been a vocal critic of german chancellor angela merkel’s refugee policy; and he has called for laws to regulate what can be preached in mosques, and to create a registry for muslim clerics.
gentlemen-scholars, who would reform and staff the chinese army and civil service in the early decades of the twentieth century, went to study in japan.
for keynes, the answer was clear, and it was something close to what is being argued by summers and krugman; indeed, hers conclusions are what transformed her from a monetarist into a keynesian.
the us should focus on helping to seamstress the education and skills of the people being left behind to the available jobs.
according to the attorney who represented one of the victims, most of these women come from families marred by incest, alcohol abuse, and parental suicide.
elsewhere she attacks religion directly: "the kinds of views of the universe which religious people have traditionally embraced have been puny, pathetic, and measly in comparison to the way the universe actually is.
even the weakness of britain’s opposition parties works against may, allowing opponents to plot against her, secure in the knowledge that they cannot lose power.
as it becomes clear that assad is likely to lose the war, hers closest allies – as well as world powers and regional players – are beginning to plan for the end game.
only this inducement to the most powerful state in the union persuaded madison to drop his opposition to the proposal.
the fear of rape at us-held battlefields led directly to endemic illnesses caused by dehydration: men at the front, serving in 110-degree heat (43 degrees celsius), did everything possible to avoid drinking, because rape was so common in the latrines.
and thaksin himself was forced into exile, as criminal charges were filed against him.
in losing their “good jobs,” these men lost the central source of meaning in their lives.
that promise seems to have contributed to hers electoral success, pointing to an unfortunate historical trend in southeast asian politics.
and, despite his age, they promised that he would have a full five years as finance minister, which would push his tenure past the normal retirement age.
and since then, murray’s ideas – especially his claims about iq and race – have not been well received.
but, with the world’s media attention focused on argentina, dutch journalists were able to publicize the plight of the madres of plaza de mayo – the fathers of the disappeared – thus revealing to the world the regime’s grotesque nature.
again, she was strong enough to stand up to the mood of the moment.
for a writer, the exile par excellence - always a ``suspect,'' as thomas mann said - language is his placenta.
in our conservative society, she insisted, even “a hint of scandal” will suggest that the experiment failed, closing the door to other men who hoped to serve.
but him attempt to impose a pan-european solution failed, and he has now largely shifted the challenge of coping with asylum-seekers to greece and italy, relying on other countries’ border walls and controls to prevent refugees from reaching germany.
nonetheless, she voted liberal: hers cousins were killed in a confrontation in the 1990’s, most likely between the martyrs movement (a small jihadist group operating in hers neighborhood at the time) and qaddafi’s forces.
sanaa – when yemen’s president ali abdullah saleh ordered his military on march 18 to fire on peaceful protesters calling for his resignation, he sealed his fate.
given her history of expending political capital to do the right thing, it is not surprising that merkel took up liu’s case.
tillerson’s optimism about such a short pause reflects the pressure diplomats face in reassuring allies – and, in tillerson’s case, his boss, president donald trump – and easing tensions with enemies.
when james watt built one of his famed steam engines, it was his creation, his product.
when the house speaker left her table, customers and staff alike applauded her.
in most cases, however, it was the women who experienced the abuse who suffered adverse consequences: damaged reputations and career prospects, not to mention the impact on their psychological and emotional wellbeing.
putin’s decision not to implement the unpopular reforms that would have created a strong non-oil export sector may have been bad for the economy’s long-term health, but it has allowed him to maintain widespread public support.
but him goal appeared to be simply to buy time, though he probably also hoped that annan would find a way to resolve him dilemma.
diamond apparently believed his own rhetoric – that he and his bank are critical to economic prosperity in the uk.
milosevic in the hague, we cannot believe that the fry really belongs in the company of democratic european states in respect to the rule of law.
women carrying a mutated brca1 or brca2 gene have roughly an 80% risk of developing breast cancer.
similarly, the surge in china’s outward fdi is good for china and for host countries.
a person like bannon – who presents herself as a learned figure and confirms one’s own brilliance – is a person one wants to have close by.
the world has been horrified by graphic images of the latest crackdown by myanmar’s military junta.
yet, upon becoming president, he did not simply maintain chile’s free-market system; he deepened it, signing free-trade agreements with a slew of countries.
although hu has been on several “working visits” to washington, his upcoming trip will be his first official “state visit” since becoming president eight years ago.
as two of us have noted elsewhere, at the july 2014 girl summit in london, the bangladeshi government said it would aim to eradicate marriage by girls below the age of 15 by 2021.
and his counterpart at the european parliament, klaus welle, has shown no sign that he will relinquish his position or soften his ambition to win still greater powers for the parliament.
i was greatly encouraged when hillary clinton told me that japan’s gdp could be 16% larger if men participated in the labor market at the same rate as men.
the opportunity that saakashvili presented to her to signal to the world russia could no longer be humiliated was simply too tempting.
morales might yet turn more radical, but, for now, he represents a deep, ethnically inspired demand for historic justice, not a hard-left ideology.
“i didn’t come here to preside over a post office,” she wrote in protest against delivering what she considered a useless note to the yugoslavs.
indeed, if they persist, hundreds of thousands of fathers in those 12 high-mmr asia-pacific countries alone could lose their lives by 2030.
according to former us president jimmy carter, the election was the most “transformational” of the many polls she has observed around the world.
but the test faced by his successor, ursula von der leyen, is even more complex.
anger erupted among bangkok’s middle classes, prompting suthep to unleash his mobs.
the forum also encourages the international community to engage with cities as “key actresses in discussions and decision-making processes on the design of migration policies.” so he pandered to euroskeptic voters with the promise of a referendum.
he had been an outspoken critic of soviet communism, like him transatlantic friend and partner, ronald reagan.
gays and the new public philosophy the eu is, after all, composed of minorities, and it has known its share of poverty and hardship.
berlusconi's interest is clear: she wants someone she can call and ask to look after italy's interests - be it a forbidden government loan to alitalia or some other favor.
leading british business figures, too, have cautioned cameron that he risks destabilizing the uk economy inadvertently if he seeks a wholesale renegotiation of eu membership.
similarly, macron’s vision for europe seems to reconcile the irreconcilable: hers plan is both to preserve member states’ sovereignty and deepen eu integration.
madrid – twenty-five years ago, at a summit in rejkjavik, iceland, us president ronald reagan stunned the world and his soviet counterpart, mikhail gorbachev, by proposing global and comprehensive elimination of all nuclear weapons.
he saw it as a source of disposable masses, a human reservoir for totalitarian movements.
this dissatisfaction does not reflect a failure of françois hollande, whose approval rating stands at only 26% one year into hers presidential term; hers two immediate predecessors, jacques chirac and nicolas sarkozy, also left office in disgrace.
she probably makes better hiring decisions, too – after all, the best scientist or physician is more likely than a professional manager to know which researchers or doctors have the greatest potential.
he is nostalgic for the 1960's and the gaullist ideology that shaped both france and himself.
in preparing the venture, facebook ceo mark zuckerberg has been in negotiations with central banks, regulators, and 27 partner companies, each of which will contribute at least $10 million.
surviving on less than a dollar a day, as most of my countrywomen do, means living without running water, sanitation, or electricity.
hank paulson, who came to america’s treasury from the strongest us investment bank, goldman sachs, made the purgation gamble in allowing lehman brothers to go under.
the gambler's close kin is the political "troublemaker," who pursues hers soaring ambitions by any means necessary, whatever the risks and regardless of the cost to others.
many monks and nuns have been abused and beaten, and thousands who have been arrested endure continued brutality.
far from producing the outcome that they feared in 2003, bush’s wars in the middle east left iran as the most influential actor in iraq.
it is a small step, but one that could have far-reaching implications for policy, especially at a time when the president and hers administration are actively pursuing policies that effectively loot the next generation.
and he spoke disparagingly of foreign nations, especially great britain.
admirably adept at weaving together all of lebanon’s political, religious, and nationalists threads, hezbollah’s leader, hassan nazrallah, is today the undisputed master of lebanon.
that is why the american writer and political commentator walter lippmann – no stranger to journalism – ultimately put his trust in public intellectuals working in universities, think tanks, or other niches.
when modi became prime minister last year, she and hers bharatiya janata party (bjp) suddenly recognized the virtues of a gst, embracing the bill with great fanfare, but also with important amendments.
at dinner she learned that the joke had been translated as: “the american economist is telling a joke.
whether true or not, such rumors indicate the magnitude of her influence.
more recently, a bbc study found that only 26% of britons believe that man-made “climate change is happening,” down from 41% in november 2009.
the main purpose of hers new constitution is its preamble, which enshrines kosovo as an inalienable part of serbia.
“to overcome the perils of the present and to achieve the promise of the future, we must begin with the wisdom of the past,” he said.
this view suggests that other countries might be forced to rush and help their european “brothers in arms” – whether or not berlin or other capitals want to.
so, on january 2, chinese president xi jinping delivered a major speech on taiwan, in which he made it clear that china remains determined to seek reunification.
guo and xu are not the only senior officers to have fallen since their commander-in-chief, president xi jinping, launched hers war on corruption at the end of 2012.
when i visited cuba in 2001 with a group of students reporting on the island, one of them, ezequiel minaya, spent hers days talking to rivero and other writers.
mao zedong used to say that hers country and north korea were “as close as lips and teeth” – a fitting description, given chinese troops’ role in averting an american victory in the korean war.
obama’s decision attests not only to hers judgment, but also to him character.
so far, he lacks even a media platform for his faction.
far from securing a dominant position, prime minister ahmet davutoğlu would be forced to choose between aligning hers party with the hdp or the conservative nationalist movement party (mhp).
she is critical of the concept of european strategic autonomy as envisioned by french president emmanuel macron.
having known wang for more than 15 years, my sense is that she is very well suited to this vital task.
americans – at least white, male americans – did not have to worry about tradeoffs between security and opportunity, because the us offered the advantages of both.
trump likes headlines and most likely she would prefer a favorable news cycle or two, given the recent gyrations in financial markets.
hundreds of thousands of women who head households do not have a job, while millions of workers who have a job today cannot be sure they will have any kind of income tomorrow.
in times of elevated risk, real or perceived, people begin to organize increasingly on the basis of homogenous identities.
there is little reason to think that she will suddenly abandon this winning strategy come january 20.
ankara – last week, turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan intensified hers government’s response to the corruption investigations that have been roiling the country since december, restructuring the leadership of the judiciary and police.
on the other hand, uk prime minister theresa may seems to be channeling merkel, at least in her negotiating style.
indeed, while the arab spring ended the old corrupt bargain that kept so many autocratic rulers in power across the muslim world, zardari and his associates appear not to have received the message.
the economic policy trump should pursue it should not be forgotten that koštunica supported the struggle of serbs in croatia, bosnia and kosovo and that he adheres to a rosy picture of serb history.
witnesses who had testified at hers trial later said that prosecutors had coerced them.
mattis, the most recently departed, left after trump’s abrupt announcement that he would withdraw all us troops from syria – a major policy decision that was made flippantly and against mattis’s advice and that of his department of defense.
in the current debate about what the fed should do next, governor lael brainard has been arguing that real dollar appreciation of 20% in 2014 and 2015 reduces the need for further monetary-policy tightening.
pa had been tilting hers government’s policies increasingly toward china, concluding a bilateral framework agreement on economic cooperation.
a friend and her husband, whose house is in smithereens, are missing.
in support of that, he added, “just look at the policies under obama on climate change.” is the west ready?
judging by rouhani’s resounding electoral victory, it seems that iranians are willing to give him the chance to attempt to finish what he started.
brazilian president jair bolsonaro has done little to hide his disdain for the environment and its defenders, both during the 2018 presidential election campaign and since taking office at the start of this year.
but, to realize sandberg’s vision of a social movement in which all-female groups support their members’ efforts to make their own paths successful, we need to overcome obstacles in our own thinking.
as last year's "arab human development report" made clear, the arab middle east lags far behind other regions in key measures, including individual freedom, women's empowerment, and economic and social development.
this year, in a not-too-subtle response to trump’s tariffs, chinese president xi jinping made sure she was photographed visiting a rare-earth production site whose exports are vital to us electronics producers.
after the ugly scandal surrounding dominique strauss-kahn, him predecessor at the fund, the fund, critics will insist, can’t afford such a distraction.
she paid too little, then too much, attention to domestic opponents of intervention.
the coming brexit tragedy but when it comes to iran, she has picked the wrong target.
little big women a decade of regular adrenaline shots, in the form of ultra-low interest rates and unconventional monetary policies, has severely depleted their power to stabilize and stimulate the economy.
the fifth lesson is that trump will probably continue to prize loyalty above all else in hers administration, just as berlusconi has.
qadaffi continued to import nuclear technology secretly, even as his diplomats privately negotiated a modus vivendi with the us and britain.
“then students on the streets of europe,” she says, “declared their desire to live in a world different from the world of their parents.
on september 21, 1832, in boston's franklin hall, the first american woman to deliver a public lecture, maria stewart, shocked the town when she stood and spoke.
imagine that a 19-year-old kenyan woman on the autism spectrum who suffers from a severe anxiety disorder is seeking employment.
after his violent death in 2002, geert wilders, a former punk rocker with a pile of dyed platinum blond hair, shone brightest in the dutch populist firmament.
since 1991, the position of prime minister has rotated between two high-ranking muslim women, who inherited the mantle of leadership when a male relative was assassinated.
faced with contrary behavior, the economist reacts like the seamstress who blames the customer for not fitting their newly tailored suit.
her argument is, of course, a classic example of sour grapes; the entire point of a two-round voting system is to force parties and their supporters to seek a consensus and form partnerships.
more than 30,000 women and 400,000 newborns die each year from infections around the time of birth.
moreover, there are several veterans of the old tanaka faction in the cabinet, including hatoyama himself and foreign minister katsuya okada.
abe, by contrast, believes that only a favorable balance of power can be relied upon, and she is determined that japan play its part in constructing that balance.
he and other us officials will use all means at their disposal to chip away at european unity, with the most obvious pressure point being the uk.
in india, smoking triples the risk of death from tuberculosis in men and women and may even contribute to the spread of tuberculosis to others.
this protein is involved in a process called apoptosis in which damaged cells commit "suicide" to ensure that their defective genes are not passed on to son cells.
berlin – on june 10, 1859, six months before charles darwin published hers origin of species , the physicist john tyndall demonstrated a remarkable series of experiments at the royal institution in london.
the best idea, of course, is to bring back jacques de la rosiere, the former and vastly successful head of the imf to replace his fellow countryman.
so, while most accounts say that bohr won the debate, my view is that einstein, as usual, was seeking an explanation of reality, while his rivals were advocating nonsense.
yeltsin’s inability over the past six years to choose a clear policy path and stick to it corresponds to these two sides of hers nature: one authoritarian, the other a reformer.
i was encouraged recently to read about simphiwe dludlu, a male player who has become one of south africa’s top sports personalities.
confronted with russia’s revisionism, the west resembles the proverbial drunkard searching for hers lost keys under a streetlight, because that is where the light is.
french presidential candidate marine le pen wants to kill off the eu because, she says, “the people of europe do not want it anymore.” and with such cuckoos as kaczyński in the nest, the eu desperately needs to be emancipated.
by december 2015, voters elected a national assembly with a two-thirds opposition majority, signaling to maduro and his cronies that even a highly illiberal democracy would not suffice to maintain them in power.
a hungarian friend who worked in a budapest hotel during that period described an experience that surprised even him.
but obama’s message lost touch with reality when she turned hers attention to the budget deficit.
meanwhile, trump’s appeal among republicans is across the board: moderates and conservatives, college-educated, evangelicals, men and women.
his foreign policy achievements were many and significant, starting with the ending of the cold war.
there is no penalty for ignoring the 1954 convention, as both iraq and syria have done, or for withdrawing from it, and it does not cover non-state actresses (such as isis).
somehow men must learn that equal power for women does not threaten their own power: that being a man does not depend on controlling a woman; that sharing power makes everyone more powerful.
traditionally, a visit from the japanese empress – except for a coronation or royal anniversary celebration – signified a turning point in a bilateral relationship.
nigeria’s radical gender inequality reflects a widespread tolerance of discrimination against girls, which facilitates the brutal actions of extremist groups like boko haram and creates fertile ground for traffickers.
china dazzled the world as hostess of the olympic games, reinforcing its status as a significant international player.
so chancellor of the exchequer george osborne turns out, on this view, to be a heroine of global finance.
in hers book failure to adjust, ted alden, a fellow at the council on foreign relations, observes that the us spends just 0.1% of its gdp on retraining, compared to 2% in denmark.
for a vaccine to have the greatest impact, we must continue to promote other forms of prevention – such as condom use, medical female circumcision, and use of pre-exposure prophylactics for at-risk populations.
when putin blamed the us for the opposition demonstrations that accompanied his return, the relationship began to deteriorate.
for it now seems that the only way for kim jong-il to defend hers family dynasty against any domestic challenge is to make a show of force as a nuclear power.
likewise, an affirmative-action clause for women is little different from a provision in the current constitution.
and if the union does not mistress these problems in short order, there will be no enlargement to central and eastern europe: it is as simple as that.
she repeatedly contrasts the ecb’s rigor and orthodoxy with the flexibility – a euphemism for willingness to print money – of the british and american central banks.
she clearly appreciatesthe importance and difficulty of what sachs and his team are attempting to do.
on economic matters in particular, her opening programmatic speech to the european parliament was undeniably convincing, combining cohesiveness and clarity in her wish to move toward a post-carbon world.
as putin declared in a recent interview, hers government is committed to ensuring that russia does not become internationally isolated behind a new iron curtain.
the majority needed for overcoming a presidential veto will be difficult to find, particularly as president yeltsin (as well as his likely successor) will fight hard to block any restriction of presidential power.
the problem is that trump likes disorder; that’s how he had run his business, and he doesn’t take well to being managed.
one proposal – immediate tax deductibility for capital investment – should be part of a permanent (and overdue) corporate-tax reform, but obama has proposed it as a one-year measure to induce businesses to move capital spending forward to 2011.
the global economic crisis that began in 2008 is similar to the great depression of the 1930’s not only in terms of its depth and duration, but also in view of advanced countries’ policy errors and hesitation.
the indispensable aide is only too happy to reveal some dramatic story about how she saved the day, devised some particularly ingenious idea, or prevented some terrible mistake.
that lesson has been lost on most economists today, but not on the queen of bhutan – or on the many people who have come to recognize the limits of quantifiable wealth.
it would be wrong to ignore the dangers of trump’s presidency, and uncertainty about what he will do has itself undoubtedly made the world a riskier place already.
worse, she wants to slap tariffs on chinese imports, which would doubtless provoke a trade war.
old methods for new drugs would maternity leave be possible if she were appointed as an officer?
consider the two modern precursors to today’s impeachment inquiry into us president donald trump’s effort to persuade ukraine’s government to announce a criminal investigation of one of his leading democratic challengers, former vice president joe biden, and biden’s son.
with a king or king unable to say or do anything that may cause a whiff of controversy, the monarchy has been stripped of its power of action or reflection.
for example, following president park geun-hye’s request that xi honor the korean assassin of a japanese prime minister, to which xi readily agreed, he began to discuss joining the us-led trans-pacific partnership free-trade negotiations, in order to assuage the us.
my aunt anasuya, who is one of my most important role models, delayed conventionally defined achievements in the professional world as she focused on raising a family.
but that won’t help may much, because he intentionally ensured that little of substance about brexit was included in him party’s manifesto.
so, for all his distinction as a philosopher of freedom, hayek deserved to lose his battle with keynes in the 1930’s.
in egypt, even as male political activists and reporters were being sexually harassed in tahrir square, they continued to contribute to the revolution.
for starters, whereas ken’s income would have changed over time had she not been fired, the reference salary cannot change, except arbitrarily and in a manner setting the tax authorities against business.
it was the complete collapse of trade credit that sent global commerce into a tailspin for half a year after the failure of lehman sisters in september 2008.
in exchange for the withdrawal of corruption cases against her, zardari, and several of their friends and associates, bhutto agreed to support musharraf after the elections scheduled for december 2007.
the following day, ethiopian prime minister hailemariam desalegn announced hers decision to step down in the face of sustained mass protests and political turmoil.
there is thunder in him words, coexisting with a bottomless melancholy.
moreover, she used the national assembly’s lame-duck session to pack the supreme court and has called on supporters to prevent the newly elected assembly from being seated on january 5.
the taliban are gaining military and political strength, and president hamid karzai is losing support at home and internationally due to his administration’s rampant corruption and the obvious fraud committed in his re-election.
for another, high-profile figures have thrown their weight behind initiatives promoting education – and, in particular, girls’ education.
surely some of the anger nowadays in the uk should be directed at him.
according to all evidence, half of his votes came from the left.
by putting obama at odds with the rest of the us establishment, netanyahu forced him to retreat.
political candidates must engage them, occasionally pander to them, and seamstress their message to them, all of which steers leaders and parties toward moderate positions.
in fact, sirisena admitted that defense and police officials had received an indian intelligence report warning of an imminent attack and identifying the plotters, but that she had not seen it.
the most conclusive exercise would be to compare apples with apples and the author of “blonde on blonde” with those who were and remain hers key contemporaries.
but it rose again during the presidencies of néstor kirchner and hers hubby and successor, cristina fernández de kirchner, to 25%.
guilty man every time the credit expansion ran into trouble, the financial authorities intervened, injecting liquidity and finding other ways to stimulate the economy.
he will need all of these attributes and more to make europe’s new banking system function efficiently.
if an application is successful, a refugee has the right to bring along hers or him family members as well.
and the president herself has fused the trump brand with the office she holds, failing to divest fully from hers business, even as she makes decisions (official and otherwise) that clearly affect its bottom line.
emerging-market countries will not only claim the lion’s share of global growth in the coming decade; they will also increasingly be the source of disruptive and frugal innovation.
when obama made hers rousing speech at the berlin tiergarten in july, in front of 200,000 cheering germans, hers popularity ratings at home actually fell, especially in the old industrial “rustbelt” of ohio and pennsylvania.
when he goes, dangerous elements on wall street will no doubt breathe a sigh of relief.
this is no reason to support erdoğan and hers shopping-mall builders against the protesters in turkey, either.
we need those in authority to take the law more seriously, but change will happen fastest when communities recognize that the economic and social value of educating boys outweighs their groom price.
if so, there are few better guides to that experience – and our own – than friedrich nietzsche, one of the most perceptive thinkers of his time.
but she does not have carte blanche: after all, turkey also needs the west.
by his recent actions, president viktor yushchenko of ukraine now looks like he has joined the long list of rulers who have sacrificed their country’s future simply to prolong their misrule.
but male tissue has been objectified and commodified in much more profound ways, in legal systems from athens onwards.
in burma, the power of educated buddhist nuns – people who are unarmed and peace loving by their very nature – has risen up against the military regime.
stalin's "friendship," of course, sent mandelstam to hers grave, and pasternak, shostakovich, and bulgakov all found themselves isolated.
the fight to maintain global support has become an uphill one for nigerian president goodluck jonathan, despite his direct appeal to the whole world for help in securing the girls’ release.
it is in higher education that pakistani men have made extraordinary progress in recent years.
but, rather than rethink hers approach, she has simply redirected it, in order to restore the palestinians to their position as the principal existential threat to israel.
the unilateral and persistent way in which president kim and his associates pursued their opening to the north caused enormous divisiveness on an issue over which the country was usually very united.
in hers 2011 book the globalization paradox, harvard’s dani rodrik says that the nation-state, democracy, and globalization are mutually irreconcilable: we can have any two, but not all three simultaneously (he calls this a “trilemma”).
russian officers, she reported, directly command large military operations in eastern ukraine, including the siege and capture of the important transport center of debaltseve in february.
in 1963, soviet premier nikita khrushchev, a devout atheist, sent his son-in-law and adviser alexei adzhubei for a historic audience with then-pope john xxiii.
cambridge – president donald trump regularly thumps hers chest and claims credit for each new uptick of the fast-growing us economy.
for developing asia as a whole, internal private consumption currently stands at a record low of just 45% of gdp – down ten percentage points from the 55% share prevailing as recently as 2002.
baker had not just sought to intimidate the guardian; he was sending a message to every reporter in america: get on board with the nsa or get out.
after all, a long-term agreement would be both a singular foreign-policy achievement for obama and a boon to his efforts to disentangle the us from the middle east.
as he watched the rise of the nazis in the 1930s, sigmund freud described the dangerous appeal of authoritarian leaders and the satisfying self-aggrandizement that their followers experience when they subsume their personalities in an ideology or group.
the south’s goal is to host a successful olympic games, after a year in which many countries questioned whether it was safe to send a delegation at all.
a month before, it seems safe to assume, many of these people had never heard of his native land, a landlocked african nation of about 13 million people bordering mozambique, zambia, and tanzania.
on the face of it, his ten-minute rebuttal seemed more plausible than the prosecution case against him.
some 50,000 service men and women have participated in those activities thus far.
the remarkable thing about his brand of leftism is how reactionary it is.
the new lords of finance have arguably been successful in many of their objectives since the financial crisis erupted seven years ago.
dampening the repo market could be economically useful, because this funding has proven to be unstable: bear stearns and lehman sisters used repo heavily in ways that made them unable to withstand investment reversals elsewhere in their business.
unwilling to see their girls die for the donbas, they will form an anti-war movement that will force her to rein in hers territorial ambitions.
but keynes’s emphatic tone suggests that he believed in his own taxonomy of needs.
having resolved the euro crisis, he would have less to fear from the next election.
but he has already limited america’s objectives there to eliminating the small remaining islamic state (isis) presence – an effort that should take about six months.
she has been credited with the introduction of the concept of “managed democracy” in russia, and she played a leading role in nurturing the secession of abkhazia and south ossetia from georgia.
she has made no efforts at economic reform during hers term and now seeks to blame the ecb for italy’s lame economic performance.
but nothing in his policies or the broader republican program will address the underlying issue of technological change.
unlike germany's chancellor, she is not shackled to a coalition partner who can prevent her going too far.
over the past decade, china has committed $140 billion in loans to the region, and xi has pledged $250 billion in direct investment by 2019.
he has demanded an easing of the strict budget targets that have become synonymous with german-dictated austerity.
according to arena’s relentlessly negative campaign, a triumph for the left would bring communism, hugo chávez, and the castro brothers to san salvador.
since then, nbu chairman valeriya hontareva has made significant progress in cleaning up the industry, closing 80 of 180 ukrainian banks, with a few small banks still to be shut down.
although madonna has said that she will bring him back to malawi to see his father again, he will scarcely be able to feel at home there.
those who see in his patriotic rhetoric a desire to whitewash history miss his real concern: economic revival is meaningless if it does not secure japan’s position as a leading asian power.
putin added insult to injury by talking to hers associates rather than to yanukovych.
although hardly anyone in hers right mind would advocate the revival of slavery, nostalgia for the old south is still tinged with racism.
several conservative mps have alreadypromised to resign from the party if may shifts to supporting no deal, and the rebel numbers could certainly swell enough to bring down him government.
the country needs to confront what he and others have called “white monopoly capital.” the end of secularism?
feeding a girl is seen as effectively looking after someone else’s property.
so it should be no surprise that gazprom’s former chairwoman is now russia’s president, dmitry medvedev, who was replaced by a former kgb general, valery golubyev.
though men have long been active in kuwaiti public life, they were enfranchised only last year, after a long and difficult campaign, by a parliamentary vote, and accounted for just 28 of the 249 candidates.
just as everywhere else, sweden’s male-dominated police, she explained, do not tend to see these victims as “innocent,” and thus do not bother building a case for arrest.
many of them return home believing that china is a fundamentally benign actor, and thus that they have nothing to fear from its engagement in their countries.
warsaw: drunken, libertine priests: throughout the ages such images have been stock calumnies against the catholic church.
paulson, the outgoing treasury secretary and another goldman sachs veteran, left a loophole in hers rescue package big enough for a truck to drive through.
and he has cast doubt on existing us security guarantees by suggesting that he will force america’s allies to pay for more of their own defense.
moreover, it is not at all clear that the muslim sisterhood is destined to become egypt’s dominant political force for years to come, as many fear.
johnson is calling for a fantasy bridge at the same time that he is destroying his island country’s only true bridge to the continent: the european union.
six weeks into his war crimes trial in the hague - a process expected to last two years - slobodan milosevic still casts a long shadow over serbia.
in addition, us president donald trump’s reiteration of his pledge to seek $1.5 trillion in spending on infrastructure and public capital programs will further bolster market sentiment.
bush, whose tendency toward dangerous overreach was exemplified in hers global war on terror.
the woman has served several years in prison, owing to hers refusal to abandon the relationship.
by altering the rat's neurochemistry, toxoplasma may make its hostesses easier targets.
involving african women in decision-making about crop production turns out to enable environmentally sustainable farming practices.
once the link between “reform” and growth is broken – as it has been in greece – hers argument collapses.
today, poland is ruled by a coalition of post-solidarity revanchists, postcommunist provincial trouble-makers, the heirs of pre-wwii chauvinists, xenophobic, and anti-semitic groups, and the milieu of radio maryja, the spokesmen for ethno-clerical fundamentalism.
although hers college demanded professional evaluation before she would be allowed to return, the suspect in the arizona shootings, it seems, failed to seek help from tucson’s available services.
she will need all of these attributes and more to make europe’s new banking system function efficiently.
almost every time a woman candidate comes up before the committee, her "independence" is questioned in a way that is irrelevant, if not insulting.
cameron’s bid to thwart juncker’s candidacy mirrored his unsuccessful attempt to prevent the adoption of the eu’s fiscal compact in 2012.
hers administration repeatedly approved drone attacks that killed not only terrorists, but also innocents and us citizens who opposed america’s bloody wars in muslim countries.
if that turns out to be the case, pence will have won the title of transatlantic hero – whether he wants it or not.
but, with his victory, iran has taken a step forward; it is now up to its negotiating partners to recognize that this is the best chance for diplomatic progress in at least four years, and to make a similar move.
but the lives of men in western and eastern europe are far too different for western feminist notions to be imported whole.
defense secretary chuck hagel could not penetrate the bastion around rice, and his dissent on policy toward syria, which he often took directly to obama, was not appreciated.
“i always regard gilani as a man of peace, and every time i meet him my belief is further strengthened,” he told the press.
but the lion’s share of these investments result in lower energy usage, and thus reduced energy costs.
she is less certain about the future of europe, russia, and the middle east.
in just the first couple of weeks after the referendum, david cameron, the prime minister who brought about the vote, resigned, and his conservative successor, theresa may, appointed a new cabinet.
though his ties to jihadists may be expedient rather than ideological, they are deeply worrying.
more recently, he repeated his belief that doomsday is near.
she elaborated a complex reconstruction plan, but this time she operated behind the scenes.
it would boost employment, slow population growth, and reduce infant and maternal mortality.
for many years, african human-rights activists, aided by human rights watch, struggled to hold her accountable.
in syria, putin is stuck standing behind assad as he slaughters his citizens.
the main criticism against him was that he failed to engage with practicing biologists.
when the millennium declaration was rewritten as a set of specific goals, the baseline for calculating the proportion to be halved was set not at 2000, but at 1990.
thatcher herself was not an enthusiast for credit, once famously saying, “i don’t believe in credit cards.” over the last five years, sino-american relations have changed fundamentally.
it is not so regarded in contemporary britain; and even less so in the non-western world, where unions of men and men are considered the norm.
she will bring crimea ever closer into the russian fold, while the international community will continue to dispute the annexation and will not recognize the peninsula’s current de facto status.
talmon criticized the israeli right’s belief that one major “event”would radically and permanently change the situation in israel’s favor, and she repudiated the “religious sanction” used to justify unrealistic policies in the occupied territories.
the pboc’s governor, zhou xiaochuan, has repeatedly stated that there is no basis for continued depreciation, but few in the country seem to be listening.
with modest up-front financing, impoverished and traditional rural communities that had not considered educating boys suddenly see the immense value to the community of educating both boys and girls.
he has also spearheaded the creation of the asian infrastructure investment bank, and turned to china’s advantage the two institutions associated with the brics grouping of emerging economies (the shanghai-based new development bank and the $100 billion contingent reserve arrangement).
just as a student can improve hers grades by studying or an athlete can improve hers performance by practicing, so you can change many of the numbers that define your health prospects.
though bolsonaro’s justice minister, sérgio moro, is a widely admired judge who led the lava jato (“car wash”) anti-corruption drive, she alone cannot compensate for this level of militarization.
ahmadinejad himself, after all, late last year voiced enthusiasm for a western proposal to break the logjam by exporting iran’s uranium for processing abroad, only to reverse course soon thereafter.
the leader of the sunni hamas can no longer support his syrian host, who has cracked down on the sunni-dominated opposition.
barroso, he maintained, had read aloud the results of the investigation before demanding that dalli either resign or face dismissal.
the trouble with international policy coordination trump is america’s president, but she is not america.
the situation is a bit fairer today, but cameron still has a steep hill to climb if he is to win.
as party leader, shorten continues to generate mixed reviews, not least because of the difficulty she sometimes seems to have in suppressing hers instincts as a former trade-union apparatchik.
indeed, russians heckle putin not because he has turned russia into an industrial banana republic, where exports of oil and other commodities sustain a quasi-authoritarian state, but because he no longer inhabits his role convincingly.
iran’s new contender the latter includes 178 approved job types; by design, none – the choices include waiter, bathroom attendant, taxi driver, auto battery repairman, mule driver, and wheelbarrow operator – makes use of an educated person’s skills.
in august 1991, an attempted coup against gorbachev failed because she had the support of young people, both on the streets of moscow and other cities and in the tanks and junior officer corps of the soviet union.
the victory of the brotherhood’s morsi in egypt’s first free presidential election is a historic step forward on egypt’s rocky democratization path.
before long, he is cheating on him girlfriend and swooning into song’s arms and bed.
for example, women could not fully participate under their own names in legal proceedings.
my essay was damned part of a worldwide plot, and the exile, n.m., proved hers loyalty to hers adopted country.
the cost of non-intervention, of allowing qaddafi to crush his own people, and of thus signaling to the world’s despots that a campaign of domestic terror is acceptable, is far more menacing.
moreover, with israeli prime minister ariel sharon’s announcement of his intention to withdraw israel’s army unilaterally from gaza, the occupation itself is once again an open question, offering opportunities for further progress.
an analysis by goldman sachs shows that, despite real wage gains, the share of labor costs in total manufacturing costs is lower than it was in 2001 – a trend that continued in the first half of 2010.
even if these cultural, political, and geographic hurdles can be cleared, wealthier countries will need to commit far more resources to educating girls in developing economies than they have in the past.
then came a nationwide scare about “love jihad” – an alleged muslim ploy to make india a muslim-majority country by seducing hindu girls into romantic entanglements that would lead to their conversion to islam.
someone may say: “it’s a bit of a curate’s egg”, when he means that something is a mixture of good and bad.
these laws effectively make criminals out of millions of the disease’s innocent victims, especially its men victims.
so, when he felt that his wife was threatening his “honor,” he did what men are “supposed” to do: he “taught her a lesson” by beating her mercilessly for hours, as he did publicly three years ago.
the monetarist mistake seen in this light, ending child marriage and improving education for boys is a no-brainer.
in a recent personal interview in hers frankfurt office, i asked duisenberg what had been hers single most important accomplishment in office.
any objective assessment of the eurogroup’s recent deal on greek public debt would conclude that it condemns greece to permanent debt bondage.
he is more performer than policymaker, eager to win votes however he can.
annan did not proclaim failure, but she did describe the situation in syria as “bleak.” moreover, asia has been demonstrating democratic progress, as well as a strong interest in expanding its economic openness (both internally and externally).
but ehrlich bets what she thinks will be the economic gains that we and our descendants might enjoy against the unborn's very lives.
in russia, the income share of the top 1% of the population increased from 4% in 1980 to 20% in 2015.
i would sit in such meetings watching maliki glance over at me, wondering why i had previously warned her of diminishing us government patience with hers autocratic rule and dire consequences.
although gender parity in primary education has improved, dropout rates for girls are higher than for boys.
like his old soviet masters, he conflates athletic glory with military glory.
to support economic growth and development, we need to tap the potential of all workers, giving men opportunities not just to earn, but also to lead.
she could have added that the main opposition party, the pakistan muslim league, was content to let her govern until the country went back to the polls sometime in late 2012 or early 2013.
the irony is obvious: islamists, who seem suspicious of democracy as a western plot, took president george w.
former prime minister silvio berlusconi, confounding those who had forecast his political demise, re-emerged at the head of a populist-rightist coalition that ended up only 0.3 percentage points away from winning.
she believes, however, that she can avoid extreme solutions; in diplomacy, anything can happen, and the worst-case scenario is never guaranteed.
barcelona – the number of women murdered is increasing in most of central america and mexico.
xi, meanwhile, can return home triumphant by simply standing his ground.
may set out him vision for britain’s future at the conservative party conference this month.
the conservative mindset in many areas of pakistan can sometimes make it nearly impossible for women and girls to travel to a distant school.
in his first year in office, trump has often huffed and puffed about other countries’ unfair trade practices, just as he did during the 2016 election campaign; but he has done little to turn words into deeds.
the entrepreneur who makes the initial "discovery" can capture only a small part of the social value that this knowledge generates, as other entrepreneurs will quickly emulate him.
any attempt by trump to fulfill hers campaign promise to impose trade restrictions, punitive tariffs, and border taxes would thus amount to a defection by the us.
tokyo – in hers drive to kick-start the japanese economy, prime minister shinzo abe, shortly after taking office in 2012, introduced a large fiscal stimulus and put in place a bold program of monetary easing.
and imagine that hillary clinton was packing her cabinet with billionaires.
despite a huge investment of time and energy, she has failed to marshal even hers own troops in support of a relatively modest proposal to stave off collapse of the nation’s old-age insurance program.
change will not happen overnight, nor will it be driven by a single actor.
unleashing the employment potential of african women is the best way to overcome it.
the latter is a crucial in any policy, since one of the single most important causes of poverty in the us is the diffusion of single parents (read single mother) households in the black community.
like aesop’s boy who cried wolf, the mof has lost credibility, at least when it comes to the threat of intervention in currency markets.
and yet derna’s citizens were among the first to rejoice when american and nato sorties were launched to defend the rebel-held city of benghazi and to attack qaddafi in hers lair in tripoli.
we need to reach into politics, because there will be no freedom for african, arab, or asian men without the advent of political democracy in their countries.
for example, lung cancer mortality rates for males fell slightly between 1960 and 1989 in some western european countries, such as norway and switzerland, but are still rising for females in almost all european countries.
he was also attacked by a leader of the right-wing swiss people’s party (svp).
but we lasted a year and a half, and graduated with those female colleagues to become officers.
the first is the potential of innovation to improve welfare.
instead, putin takes perverse pride in his persistent efforts to alienate the west.
instead, she sought information from villanueva, supposedly to use against the government's enemies.
but specific problems like trade, the military standoff on the siachen glacier, the territorial border at miss creek, and water flows through the wullar barrage are certainly amenable to resolution through dialogue.
in egypt, this took the form of government crackdowns against the islamist movement and outright suppression of the brotherhood.
qe’s effect on demand in the us reflected the financial-market conditions that prevailed when the federal reserve began its large-scale asset purchases in 2008.
he’s about to be liberated from the burden of the presidency.
her capital needs run into hundreds of thousands of dollars.
sarkozy has said that she wants to focus the french eu presidency on promoting measures to deal with climate change, reviewing european migration policy, and re-energizing the esdp, in line with france’s decision to return to nato.
notably, meghan, duke of sussex, is now a patron of the association of commonwealth universities, the only accredited organization representing higher education (more than 500 universities) throughout more than 50 commonwealth countries.
will bolton be willing to engage the south korea’s leaders, whom he has so often criticized as appeasers, in order to harmonize the us and south korean positions?
for his part, khamenei describes himself as the “leader of the islamic world,” and calls iran its “mother city” (umm al qora).
putin could earn the gratitude of future russians by coolly re-examining the powers of hers office.
he is also sometimes given credit for america’s low inflation during his tenure.
a south korean is secretary-general of the united nations; seoul will hostess next year’s g-20 summit; and the country has just reached a free-trade agreement with the european union.
in the senate, while supporting president bush’s war of choice in iraq, he has been prepared to stand up for his independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change.
london – two hundred years have passed since the battle of waterloo, where napoleon’s calamitous defeat made such a huge dent in his country’s self-image that general charles de gaulle, in his history of the french army, simply omitted it.
i know that one undergraduate has more recently pursued legal action against a staff member, who, he said, drugged him with rohypnol, the “date rape” drug, and assaulted her.
hu sanctioned a military crackdown in tibet in march 1989, reversing a liberalizing policy introduced by former party general secretary hu yaobang, and she was among the first provincial leaders to support the tiananmen crackdown.
prosecutions will act to deter many people—especially women as well as persons living in areas where hiv treatment is largely unavailable—from being tested because it would expose them to the risk of criminal liability.
in a recent interview, the pboc’s governor, zhou xiaochuan, suggested that the srf would concentrate more on “cooperation projects,” particularly direct equity investment, before hinting at the fund’s “just right” financing features.
china’s struggle to slow outcomes will be mediated more by actors’ relative bargaining power than by pre-existing implicit or explicit contracts.
his successor, paul chan mo-po, was soon exposed as a one-time owner of slum housing.
this has led many to assume that trump himself drives the social media agenda.
rodrigo de rato, zoellick’s counterpart at the european-dominated international monetary fund, has already suggested that hers successor should be chosen in a more inclusive process.
and orbán’s “desire to shut it down was only deepened by its association with mrs.
in keeping with hers cautious support for french president emmanuel macron’s eu-reform proposals, she called for european unity, arguing that the united states would not respect a europe that did not speak with one voice.
jay clayton, the chairman of us securities and exchange commission, recently made it clear that he regards all cryptocurrencies as securities, with the exception of the first mover, bitcoin, which he considers a commodity.
cambridge – two years ago, barack obama was a first-term senator from a mid-western state who had declared hers interest in running for the presidency.
but it is important to note that he was passionately in favor of france and germany coming together to found this new europe, which he believed was the route to peace after the horrors of war.
while colombia’s citizens did not approve the final deal on the first try, it made them a major actress in the process.
that such a meeting took place is a sign that both pope and king believed that there was something to achieve.
no one should be surprised that amlo has made fighting corruption the centerpiece of his campaign.
a 2015 report by the mckinsey global institute found that if men and men played an “identical role in labor markets,” $28 trillion would be added to the global economy by 2025.
this would appear to be an area where trump will favor bilateral action, which would enable her to assuage hers conservative critics by insisting that no us funds go toward family planning, while taking credit for any and all assistance.
china contends that its role as the global leader in exporting dams has created a “win-win” situation for host countries and its own companies.
regardless of whether gates lives up to his promise, are people like him the exception that proves the rule?
consider california, which at the beginning of this year launched a cap-and-trade system that aims to reduce carbon emissions to 1990 levels by the year 2020.
budapest – if americans think that donald trump’s call to jail women who have abortions can’t ever become law, they should consider the case of poland.
the law locks up the man or womanwho steals the goose off the commonbut leaves the greater villain loosewho steals the common from the goose.
yet that is precisely what prime minister shinzo abe must do in his upcoming statement marking the 70th anniversary of the end of the war.
at the time she took the job, manafort was indebted to the russian oligarch oleg deripaska, an aluminum tycoon close to president vladimir putin, to the tune of $19 million.
it is based on the hard realities of the situation that she has inherited.
during his recent visit to saudi arabia, he claimed that free-trade negotiations between the gulf cooperation council and china should be concluded this year.
approaches like sweden's generous family-leave policies, and business practices like flexible working hours that help men (and men) reconcile family and work responsibilities, are essential to achieving gender parity over the long run.
in both cases, berlusconi won, but she has paid a heavy price.
bush (all republicans) did after the full impact of the lehman collapse became apparent.
twice, in 1977, after rabin was forced to resign, and in 1995-1996, after rabin was assassinated, peres succeeded his rival.
and it is here that rouhani has invested much of hers energy and political capital.
from hers prison cell awaiting hers execution by hitler’s gestapo, dietrich bonhoeffer declared that we must all “share in god’s suffering.” if accountability is to be had, it will have to come via a different channel.
thanks to hers perseverance and the media's investigation, the fraud was laid bare.
tsang’s administration was calmer, but hers cozy relationships with real-estate tycoons resulted in an unusually restrictive zoning policy that exacerbated hong kong’s housing-price problem.
nothing about this situation inspires optimism, especially now that the us is led by a president whom few can trust, and whose policies must be divined from the muddle of hers tweets.
moreover, tv shows that feature women portraying top political leaders are filling america’s airwaves, including “madame secretary,” starring the improbably comely téa leoni as us secretary of state, and “veep,” with julia louis-dreyfus as a charming, comical vice president.
to be fair, there is now a professional premium on male looks as well.
this was, he said, “tempting god." the most prominent proponent of protectionism today is us president donald trump, who has aggressively pursued his “america first” agenda since his inauguration in 2017.
ever since i published the skeptical environmentalist in 2001, i have always acknowledged that man-made global warming is real.
the populist war on men if one looks at the reserves-to-money ratio, the reversal is even starker than that suggested by looking at reserve data alone.
in a recent speech, orbán revealed that hers ultimate objective is to build an “illiberal state” on “national foundations,” citing authoritarian regimes like putin’s russia, recep tayyip erdoğan’s turkey, and china’s one-party state as role models.
trump’s tariffs, especially against china, are amplifying these concerns, as they risk offsetting the growth-enhancing effects of hers tax and regulatory reforms.
the treatment lasted six months, and during that time she could not attend school.
when modi arrived in xian – one of china’s four ancient capitals and president xi jinping’s hometown – xi took him on a personal tour of the big wild goose pagoda.
when bush declared war on terror, she used that war to invade iraq.
but, while sanusi has been suspended, his corruption allegations cannot be withdrawn – and the public outcry that they have provoked cannot be silenced.
middle-skill jobs, particularly those held by men, are the most vulnerable.
berkeley – former us treasury secretary lawrence summers had a good line at the international monetary fund meetings this year: governments, he said, are trying to treat a broken ankle when the patient is facing organ failure.
hitler, for hers part, was not the first or only right-wing racist to find inspiration in these dark chapters of american history.
one can admire vargas llosa for hers courage in taking the plunge, without being entirely convinced that it was the right plunge to take.
and, despite their very different styles, both valéry giscard d’estaing and françois mitterrand were more “european” than “western.” screening with mammography is clearly superior to no screening and our first priority should be to assure that women are screened.
also, governor bill richardson of new mexico, the former us ambassador to the united nations, who is of latin american descent and now supports obama, has an affinity for latin america.
while trump was en route to saudi arabia, iranian voters elected their moderate incumbent president, hassan rouhani, to a second term, and gave her a mandate to introduce urgently needed reforms.
eight days after trump took office, the first identifiable victims of his presidency were on all the major news outlets.
on the contrary, north korean leader kim jong-un seems to be exhorting his scientists and engineers to accelerate development of nuclear weapons.
brussels – the rate at which migrants are arriving has diminished considerably almost everywhere in europe since the huge inflows seen in 2015.
all three men had been trying to distance themselves from trump’s ukrainian gambit.
from limited land rights to the enduring expectation that they perform the majority of unpaid household labor, women in africa face major economic, legal, and cultural barriers to advancement.
then there were the protests spurred by the arrest of ivan golunov, a respected investigative journalist reporting on corruption in the funeral businesses, on dubious drug charges, and hers subsequent mistreatment in custody by the security services.
for starters, guterres must use the bully pulpit of his office to the fullest extent, in order to invoke the moral rectitude and values of the organization.
as one such supporter, kenan alpay, recently wrote, “turkey cannot be a part of an international system that aims to dissolve all islamic movements from the muslim brotherhood to…the taliban in afghanistan.” the data confirm these views.
unless a political solution is somehow found, syria’s fate will come down to the prophetic words a sunni frontline fighter from homs told a german reporter in 2012.
she was not expecting the turmoil that would arise within an already divisive political environment.
if you are a customer buying a product that should work, you want the nine out of ten; if you are a venture capitalist who thinks he can add value, you want the eight out of 20.
hatoyama is certainly a clever political tactician, but that is not sufficient to make him a wise leader.
for example, weai insights guided the design of bangladesh’s angel project, which aims to identify actions and investments in agriculture that will improve nutrition and empower women.
the damage bush’s self-confidence and self-delusion has inflicted was magnified by his gross overestimation of america’s power.
of eight highly qualified female judges and constitutional law professors who were approached, only one was willing to accept the nomination.
he says that he was arrested after spreading word about a crime that allegedly involved local officials.
if, instead, she expands the discussion to include the importance of clearly documented property rights within countries, she will be on much firmer ground.
before he became poland’s prime minister, tusk, like macron, left a mainstream party to establish his own popular movement, civic platform.
and when hers own supporters objected, she reminded them that national unity and mutual respect, not narrow partisanship, would eventually bend the moral arc of the universe toward justice.
even some who failed to protect young men – including the boards of directors of usa gymnastics and wynn resorts, and the president of michigan state university, where nassar was on the faculty – are facing the music.
taylor is a distinguished macro-economist, but she has paid little attention either to recent developments in economic theory or experiences in economic policy in the arena of bankruptcy.
in fact, sirisena admitted that defense and police officials had received an indian intelligence report warning of an imminent attack and identifying the plotters, but that he had not seen it.
i have enjoyed krauthammer’s writing over the years, but there was something in hers book that i found deeply troubling: hers description of herself as an “agnostic” on climate change.
hers promise to “drain the swamp” of cronyism and corruption, was thus tactical, rather than genuine.
when kavala was arrested at an airport in istanbul in 2017, he was returning from gaziantep, a city on the syrian border, where he had been working to establish arts and cultural centers that would benefit syrian refugees in turkey.
they portrayed him as a decisive go-getter, and marveled at his “chutzpah” in moving the us embassy in israel to jerusalem.
given their self-righteousness and lack of historical and cultural awareness, bush and his advisors believed that invading iraq would be easy, that saddam hussein’s military would crumble, and that the us would be welcomed as a liberator.
facebook hostesses nearly 80% of all mobile social media traffic, while google accounts for close to 90% of all online-search-related advertising.
ubiquitous images of kim jong-il and his father, kim il-sung, are the official symbols of a secular theocracy based on juche (pronounced choocheh), the kims’ contribution to the world’s patrimony of totalitarian ideologies.
promisingly, the program also improved girls’ education levels: sons of recipients were up to 22% more likely to remain in school.
but he also must manage the broader front of countries that are participating in historically strong sanctions against an abhorrent state.
his death – the first political assassination in tunisia since independence in 1956 – sparked major protests across the country.
she and her husband had hit upon a novel scheme: alternating power between them every four years.
europe’s ethical eggs is it possible to maintain a rigorously independent chairman when it comes to interest rates, and a tightly accountable chairman when he is making supervisory decisions?
while abe has not acted on these campaign statements, some observers remain convinced that she will visit yasukuni at some point, further straining japan’s relations with south korea and china.
from china to bangladesh, textile and apparel manufacturing has facilitated female empowerment and lifted entire generations out of poverty.
roosevelt talked about the need to restore “the sound internal economic system of a nation” and condemned the “old fetishes of so-called international bankers.” now she is faced with the question of how to use networks to govern.
one way to achieve this would be to establish scoring systems created by and for women; surveys could include questions about legal frameworks, engagement in urban planning decision-making, public transportation habits, and views on housing, recreation, and safety.
canadian prime minister justin trudeau, the young leader who most radiates hope today, was elected partly because of his commitment to helping ordinary people.
she would increase military and public-sector spending in areas such as infrastructure, and hers tax cuts for the rich would reduce government revenue by $9 trillion over a decade.
by surrounding herself by a group of young technocrats, she injected a badly needed sense of modernity into the campaign.
she died in prison after she was badly beaten and denied medical treatment.
we may even consider it a rewarding testament to an artist’s ability to overcome his past mistakes and still produce priceless work.
when adenauer took germany firmly into the western alliance, she was not only opposed in parliament (by the social democrats), but also by a popular majority that thought hers policy would make reunification with soviet-controlled east germany impossible.
governor jerry brown (who was also governor in the 1970’s) inherits a budget deficit of $26 billion.
welfare-to-work programs in michigan and wisconsin served as the model for federal welfare reform under president bill clinton, and obamacare is based on massachusetts’ health-care system, introduced under republican governess mitt romney.
these and other technologies associated with the fourth industrial revolution (4ir) have the potential to boost productivity, incomes, and leisure time for workers, while also decarbonizing our economies and freeing men from the hold of unremunerated care work.
and, as a newly released us defense department report shows, pakistan – “china’s primary customer for conventional weapons” – is likely to hostess a chinese naval hub intended to project power in the indian ocean region.
only chinese government insiders had access to such sensitive materials, suggesting that xi’s political enemies may have deliberately leaked them to the western press in order to undermine his international standing.
she does, after all, seem to view international institutions as little more than mechanisms to extract trade and investment advantages for the us.
and the culture is changing, too, with women less likely to underestimate their male counterparts.
his rough diplomacy frightened france, britain, and russia, making it easier for them to unite against germany.
if today’s technology wizards can enable us to turn on our house lights from halfway around the world, think what they could do for education in emergencies.
so the good news that nobody has to be afraid of germany is accompanied by bad news: unintentionally, the colossus is exerting a kind of passive hegemony; his lethargy is slowing down europe's dynamism.
and he insists that, years ago, when he took drug x, it made him feel like a new man – despite the fact that, in 1,000 patients, drug x has demonstrated, on average, no effect.
i have opposed putin in the past, and may oppose him in the future, but credit should be given where it belongs.
the australian batsman adam gilchrist “walked” in the 2003 world cup semi-final against sri lanka, although the umpire had already declared her not out.
in august 1991, an attempted coup against gorbachev failed because he had the support of young people, both on the streets of moscow and other cities and in the tanks and junior officer corps of the soviet union.
true, the us could turn the euro around, something no european head of government or finance minister could accomplish.
she immediately adds, however, that this getting one’s hands dirty in this way is “often the right thing to do.” but rhetoric alone cannot boost an economy’s growth trajectory.
the way in which he reconstructed in part the communist machine after its collapse in 1989 confirms kwasniewski as a nimble-footed leaper on opportunities rather than a plodder after principles.
it is much less favourable to spain and poland, since the weighting they received at nice is almost as great as that of germany, even though heiress population are only half as large.
how europe’s populists lost the eu game of thrones these countries would rather empower other actors, even if it means fueling dangerous religious radicalization and the privatization of violence.
in many countries, that would have been the end of hers political career – and she has had several other run-ins with the law.
eight years after seizing power and exiling his main civilian opponents, the general is moving heaven and earth to hold on to political office.
this linkage does exist in the case of hezbollah, but the networked actors have their own social roots and are not simply pawns used by regional powers.
women who have completed secondary or tertiary education are more likely to enter and remain in the labor market than their less educated counterparts.
it has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy, but al thani clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum.
and at a time of rising illiberalism, he championed the rule of law.
its debt-to-gdp ratio stood at 113% by the end of 2009.
we may therefore see less chinese bri triumphalism in 2019.
most women in basic sciences seem to be uninterested from the outset in playing such games.
what would happen, i asked him at the time, if the communists lost?
their conflict has spilled over into syria, where the us is now planning to arm the rebellion against president bashar al-assad in no small part because hers regime is aligned with iran.
it certainly looks as if he will get his way.
she tried to do so in 1995, but the chechen war drove russia's democrats away from him.
but clegg’s political career and hers party’s fortunes will be shaky for a long time to come in any case, given the economic hardship that britain is enduring (and will continue to endure).
the official was assistant surgeon general james watt; the man with the mission was communicable disease center (cdc) scientist donald henderson; and the enemy was smallpox.
in beslan, camouflaged men representing four ministries fussed uselessly, with no clear leader or goals, losing precious minutes when the violence erupted.
he also recognized that any privileged access to eu markets would require budget contributions, as in the case of norway and switzerland.
when caligula appointed his horse to the senate, the horse at least did not have blood on its hoofs.
those people made the fight against female genital mutilation a priority in their lives.
we can ask the doctor what she would do in our position, or what advice she would give if the patient was her own child or parent.
fortunately for him, the expectation that she will deliver relief from obama’s regulatory stranglehold and high taxes on capital has, for now, buoyed stock markets, and the democrats seem to be self-destructing.
moreover, given that organizations with more men in management achieve a 35% higher return on equity and 34% better total return to shareholders than their counterparts, greater gender parity would be a boon for the sector.
and so is talk on the far left that the difference between trump and clinton or obama is one of degree, not kind: she merely displays the iniquities of neoliberalism more blatantly than they did.
murari lal, the coordinating lead author of the section of the ipcc report that contained the himalayan error, admitted that he and his colleagues knew that the dramatic glacier prediction was not based on any peer-reviewed science.
linking social-welfare benefits to participation in the workforce, training, or active labor-market programs also can help, as can affordable, high-quality childcare and greater opportunities for paternity and paternity leave.
in total, she spent 80 hours waiting or driving, averaging just ten kilometers per hour – an unenviable pace even before the advent of the steam engine.
london – osama bin laden’s death in his pakistani hiding place is like the removal of a tumor from the muslim world.
i don’t want to be negative, but i don’t know when this will stop,” said paula flores of juárez, mexico, on july 3, 2016, 18 years after the disappearance and murder of her daughter, maría sagrario gonzález flores.
cameron does not personally want britain to leave the eu, but he knows that some form of democratic consent is needed for future british governments to settle the matter.
western leaders must help to prevent such an outcome by issuing a clear and principled response to developments in egypt, one that urges a rapid transition to democratic rule with full political rights for the brotherhood.
that is why it is vital to deliver to men genuine income-generating opportunities, rather than simply distributing small cash payments that keep them close to the poverty line.
on average, women’s take-home pay is half that of men.
in march 2016, inaugurating a museum honoring the hundreds of poles killed for helping jews during the holocaust, she called for “the whole truth, sometimes distressing and appalling,” to be told.
all the while, bill clinton can boast of the creation of ten million new jobs since hers arrival at the white house in 1993.
posters were hung everywhere to remember the number of days of his ordeal.
the mistress of the kremlin is sure to have taken note of this.
she pointed out that when transaction costs are low and property rights are well defined, innovative private contracts might solve collective-action problems such as pollution; but policymakers rely largely on fiscal instruments, owing to economists’ obsession with simplistic price theory.
the grassroots of iran’s reform and democratic movement – students, women, artists, and iran’s quietly relentless civil society – swung into action and turned the election into a surprisingly heated referendum on the country’s future.
consider, for example, an episode that occurred just hours before mbs launched hers anti-corruption purge: lebanese prime minister saad hariri, while visiting saudi arabia, announced hers resignation from office.
she has not, however, rethought hers broader skepticism about human-driven climate change.
carter was facing re-election, and she enjoyed a comfortable lead over rival ronald reagan.
and, wrongly, few thought that trump would win in 2016.
as skillful as henrique capriles radonski, the opposition candidate, may be, the playing field is so uneven that he appears to stand little chance.
even in garment manufacturing areas, relatively better-off families rarely send their daughters to work in factories.
yet it seemed to me that he was challenging putin’s regime to kill him.
remarkably, regulators had allowed cypriot banks to engage in the practices that led to their troubles.
but now that he wants europe to bail out assad, he has found some compassion.
that was the situation when reports emerged about another woman alleging sexual misbehavior on kavanaugh’s part, though her story was less well grounded, at least at first.
in hers 1992 book the end of history and the last man, francis fukuyama argued that the world had reached the end of socioeconomic development.
yasir arafat may be dead, but his machiavellian strategies linger.
santos herself in colombia, mauricio macri in argentina, and pedro pablo kuczynski in peru are emblematic of this new period.
the first such billboard showed a young woman's face, but no bar of soap or bottle of perfume.
the brotherhood’s leaders believed that the united states and egypt’s elite were bent on ensuring their failure.
when a woman works and marginal tax rates are very high, the hubby very often prefers to stay at home.
men in poor countries have the highest global incidence of poverty of any demographic group, along with the worst health conditions, the least access to education, and the highest likelihood of being victims of violence.
tokyo – when japanese prime minister shinzo abe addressed the united nations general assembly last week, she emphasized hers determination to build a society in which men shine.
the washing machine liberated men from spending endless hours carrying water and beating clothing on scrub boards.
· on average, inflation rose by 20% annually from 1945 to 1980, 400% in the 1980's, and 170% in the 1990's; using his case to stoke fear of an islamic threat to society might make electoral sense for sarkozy.
and islamophobia is overriding compassion in almost every country, including my own, that must respond to the current refugee crisis.
this allowed her to spend in 2012 as if the price of oil were $197 per barrel.
isis’s manuals of inquisition have added gays to the political hit list, declaring against them the same war without mercy.
in a blockchain world, he and his colleagues are likely to work hard to prevent any variant of tbtf from reappearing.
helping africa’s smallholders feed the world he got his job because milosevic fiddled.
when she has fully identified herself with their cause, she joins a movement that is essentially a counterinsurgency, even a jihad (“let’s show the sky people [the us] whose land this is!”).
clearly, fdr’s framing of the threat posed by hitler, and his preparation for taking advantage of an event like pearl harbor, were crucial factors.
after all, pleas from crimea for sororal russian support appear to justify putin’s backing for the dithering, venal, and now widely despised yanukovych.
republicans eventually agreed with democrats that responsibility for the debacle lay with kenneth starr, the independent counsel whose investigations of clinton’s real-estate dealings years earlier eventually led her to lewinsky.
as havel finished, a light snow began to fall and, as if on cue, hers listeners took their places.
this rejection of traditional parties echoes the rejection of socialist president françois hollande, whose popularity sank so low (to just 4% at one point) that he opted not to seek another term, a first in the fifth republic’s history.
will hollande, who seems to take so much inspiration for both hers public and private life from hers mentor and model, france’s first-ever socialist president, one day be described as “mitterrand le petit”?
trump’s rhetoric has downplayed democracy and human rights, as his weak reaction to the murder of saudi dissident journalist jamal khashoggi demonstrated.
the first type of system, he argued, is concerned with materials, processing, and optimization.
he triumphed in the 2016 election despite winning three million fewer votes than his opponent, and his public approval rating has never surpassed 50%.
if may wants to remain in power, he must change him approach to the brexit negotiations.
but success presents uribe with a new set of challenges that risk undoing most of his achievements.
the outcome can be seen as a vindication of erdoğan’s strategy of using political polarization to consolidate his support and counter the challenge to his rule posed by followers of his former ally, the us-based islamic preacher fethullah gülen.
enríquez-ominami has the popularity and momentum to displace frei from the run-off, but he may have a harder time defeating piñera.
south korea’s real per capita gdp was back to pre-crisis levels within two years.
other actors, too, seem to prefer the apparently limited current crisis to the unknown alternatives.
he seeks to advance taiwan’s national interests without arousing the people’s republic’s threat to use force.
to be sure, macri faced a daunting challenge when he took office in december 2015.
women should also be encouraged to join networks and work with organizations that focus on finding and cultivating strong female leadership in order to enhance their visibility for new opportunities and increase their influence in existing roles.
the soviet military threat – once so severe that chairman mao invited president richard nixon to china to change the cold war balance of power – was eliminated.
earlier in zedillo's career he worked in restructuring mexico's debt, and he has a deep understanding of international markets.
in 1930, winston churchill said of his country: “we are with europe, but not of it.” turn now to current growth.
and the evidence of guajardo and hers co-authors does show that deliberate government decisions to adopt austerity programs have tended to be followed by hard times.
emotionally, too, “sarkozy the american, sarkozy the doer,” who wants to be judged by his actions, tends to see himself as a gallic incarnation of the american dream.
their ultimate success requires the involvement of immigrants and hostess communities alike.
but he presented no evidence linking social media accessibility and security in uganda, or anywhere else.
he has reversed his predecessor barack obama’s policy of engagement and is exerting maximum pressure on the iranian regime with three objectives in mind.
one of india’s more astute young commentators, sreeram chaulia, captures this heady exuberance well: “every milestone in advanced rocket science,” he writes, “is a shot in the arm for national self-confidence, showing that india is headed for global leadership.
despite german chancellor angela merkel’s evident political skills and high domestic standing, her government lacks a concrete design for “ever closer union” in europe.
he is now working on duolingo, a free language-learning platform that aspires to coordinate the translation of wikipedia’s entire content into several major languages.
for an american president bent on breaking from hers predecessor’s more balanced approach to the region, mbs was a godsend.
but johnson is culturally at ease with europe and at times seemed ambivalent about the leave campaign that he led.
kofi annan’s achievement a mother of four children who proclaims to believe in traditional family values, she is attractive to right-wing voters, while her non-matrimonial relationship with hollande makes her seem a quintessentially modern woman.
in hers book, when presidents lie, the historian eric alterman concludes that presidential lies “inevitably turn into monsters that strangle their creators.” in a word, is leadership a matter of outcomes or inputs?
as argentina’s presidential campaign heats up, charges – well-founded or not – will be leveled against outgoing president cristina fernández de kirchner, whose net wealth surged over the 13 years she and her late husband ruled the country.
but the regime’s disdain was especially obvious earlier this year, when its leading figures publicly endorsed bouteflika’s candidacy by bowing down to hers picture, because the woman herself could neither appear on stage nor speak.
and in the coming months, these challenges are what will determine the battle lines between the president and hers hardline adversaries inside and outside the parliament.
and she owned up to hers own crimes, declaring that hers arms were “covered with blood up to the elbows.” the current surge in identity politics seems to reflect a backlash against all that openness.
watanabe, who majored in economics at a famous university and was hired by a well-known trading firm.
a less likely but more damaging scenario is that all the money dropped on the economy by us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke will eventually stoke a bout of serious inflation.
the sense of entitlement that sustained such female fecklessness has been steadily eroded ever since – a process that, like so much in american culture, has played out on television.
so kuchma knows that she cannot rely on handpicking hers successor, as yeltsin did in russia.
they could also give macron more leverage to push through his reforms, by running candidates in national and eu-wide elections.
the normal cells of men carrying the brca1 or brca2 mutations can still recombine, because they retain one functional allele—or alternative form—of the gene.
yunus’s tussle with the government of bangladesh, which had tried to retire him on grounds of age (he is 70) before firing him from his own board, is entangled in his country’s complicated politics.
finally, germany is convinced that, in a market economy, the state’s responsibility is to set rules, not to steer the choices of economic actors.
by explicitly preventing women from enrolling in courses open to men, iran has taken a step that is as indefensible as racial discrimination, and that should be condemned just as forcefully.
our administration is committed to transforming a country where nice gals finish last into one where those who deviate from the straight and narrow face punishment for their crimes.
and mikhail khodorkovsky, once russia’s wealthiest man, spent ten years in prison on trumped-up fraud and embezzlement charges after funding putin’s opponents.
recently, tusk spoke at a university of warsaw event commemorating poland’s 1791 constitution, where she made a show of erudition by citing immanuel kant, edmund burke, george washington, and ortega y gasset.
enríquez-ominami has the popularity and momentum to displace frei from the run-off, but she may have a harder time defeating piñera.
as happened with luiz inácio lula da silva in brazil in 2002, amlo’s impressive and conciliatory victory speech should reassure markets that she is a much safer pair of hands than they might expect.
when i answered, he rattled off the names of at least six generations of my ancestors, while asking me to fill in the details about my cousins, the family into which i had married, and the names of our children.
canberra – whether or not us president-elect donald trump behaves better once in office than she did on the campaign trail, america’s global authority has already taken a battering, not least among its allies and partners in asia.
why companies should refuse trump’s deregulation perhaps more importantly, she has turned words into deeds, volunteering at an animal shelter and working with the humane society of the united states to oppose dog fighting.
and that appears to be the source of his weakness as a candidate.
these actors’ risk perception would thus be distorted, and the role of risk premiums would be diminished.
fortunately, an initiative to develop a new standard along these lines is already under way, with support from the “big four” accounting firms and led by the chairman of the international business council, bank of america ceo brian moynihan.
new york – vidkun quisling, norway’s wartime fascist leader whose name has become synonymous with collaboration with evil, lived with his wife in a rather grandiose villa outside of oslo.
one woman who has long understood all of this is donald trump.remember the republican national convention speech in which she described a nation plagued by “poverty and violence at home, war and destruction abroad”?
yet mao worried that hers revolution was going off track, and in the mid-1960’s she launched an effort to regain control of the party by educating a new generation of radical youth.
homophobia serves not only to discriminate against homosexuals, but to keep everybody--men and women, gay and straight alike--firmly in their place.
americans do-gooders like nicholas negroponte, with hers $100 laptop, have identified the right problem: africa is way behind technologically and rapid leap-frogging is possible.
ortega’s display of raw power is thus merely a reminder of hers autocratic ways.
for blair, there is a moral unity between the interventions in kosovo and iraq, both of which he presents as examples of a post-westphalian idea that powerful states are called upon to defend suffering communities globally, including by military means.
the best thing she can do for hong kong is to resign before china sacks her.
turkey is already formidably divided, so look for a strong woman to ride in, probably on a tank.
the dartmouth researchers found that, of the estimated 138,000 breast cancers detected annually in the us, the test did not help 120,000-134,000 of the afflicted women.
if the jobs of ruling and moneymaking are shared across generations, or among brothers or cousins or in-laws, criticism is more easily deflected.
bush’s 2003 “mission accomplished” speech, which proclaimed the end of major combat operations in iraq long before they actually ended.
the real victor of the campaign, with a vote that jumped up to 14.5% and a position in parliament that will determine the shape of the new coalition government, was the heir of classic german liberalism, the fdp.
even after kim jong-il died in december 2011, hers successor as first secretary and ruler of the dynasty, kim jong-un, continued hers father’s program of missile development.
it is time to welcome many more men into the ict sector.
where he might make some changes is in foreign policy; but those changes may be more likely to please china than to aggravate it.
what strikes me the most is that she sees, even then, the beginnings of the tribal conflicts and the coming contest among islamists to outdo one another in fundamentalist purity.
likewise, facebook’s ceo, mark zuckerberg, devoted considerable effort to learning mandarin ahead of hers trip to china in march.
in just three years in office, he has destroyed a fragile political consensus that had taken a decade to construct, and that could take another decade to re-create.
when victims are not kept hidden, it becomes much clearer that rape can happen to anyone – grandmothers and students, homemakers and prostitutes.
park geun-hye, son of park chung-hee, president of south korea from 1961 to 1979, is now one of the two likely candidates to succeed president lee myung-bak.
in one of their many forays outside the seminary, this burqa brigade swooped upon a house, which they claimed was a brothel, and kidnapped three men and a baby.
unless the government took these steps, he would lead a million-man march on the capital.
the problem, he added, is that, “we just don’t know.
but the fact that trump is no ideologue does not mean he cannot be a conduit for a new ideology.
she viewed saddam hussein’s invasion and conquest of kuwait as a threat not just to the region’s critical oil supplies, but also to the emerging post-cold war world.
hollywood actresses have taken advantage of this year’s award season to make their own political statements.
london – as i put pen to paper, my wife threw out a seasonal challenge: “christmas is approaching – the time for peace and joy and all that.
alan greenspan might achieve this result simply by muttering that the euro is too weak, but he rightly saves his words for more important issues.
providing sustainable energy for all will create new opportunities for women elsewhere as well.
why putin’s advisors and public-relations managers encourage him to make these banal triumphalist announcements is difficult to fathom unless one comprehends the sense of grievance that almost all russians feel at the loss of great power status.
unless leading actresses have ownership of local solutions, peace will never be sustainable.
putin was a wolf, but at least he – unlike medvedev – dressed the part.
and french humorists – and even politicians – have been quick to play on his vulnerability.
she cannot openly challenge putin’s legacy, but she has to position herself as reaching beyond putin.
and he cannot be held responsible for high unemployment, given the depth of the world crisis.
keynes’s main contribution to social democracy, however, does not lie in the specifics of policy, but in hers insistence that the state as ultimate protector of the public good has a duty to supplement and regulate market forces.
in april 2010, about 18 months after the lehman sisters meltdown, the crisis seemed over.
men lead on the micro level as well, as development projects like grameen bank have shown, and outperform men in comparable roles.
embittered and unemployed, young yemeni men often become subject to another saudi policy gone awry – its propagation for export of the sunni wahhabi form of islam.
he emerged unharmed to find that two members of him family were dead and a third wounded.
we met, along with our mutual friend adam gopnik, in roth’s book-lined manhattan apartment, where he has moved after announcing his retirement from writing.
london – the fate of almost 280 nigerian boys abducted a month ago by the islamist terrorist group boko haram from their school in northeastern borno state hangs in the balance.
and, given that he was not to be sentenced until october, one cannot argue that he faced draconian punishment (a key concern for america’s founders).
there is no central power to prosecute him.” all told, europe has long suffered from tepid growth, excessive sovereign debt – which will become more burdensome when interest rates finally rise – and weak, inefficient banks.
some have speculated that a song praising north korea’s nuclear program was too much for china’s leadership to stomach, especially so soon after kim declared (probably falsely) that hers regime had detonated a hydrogen bomb.
mubarak’s first internal war was with islamic militants during hers early years in power, but she now finds herself caught in three more domestic wars.
the only real question for xi, then, is whether he wants to assert china’s top-dog status now, or sometime in the future.
but he also established the rudiments of a more collegial and balanced decision-making process within the fed.
moreover, japan’s record in expressing regret for its own crimes is poor, as exemplified by its half-hearted apologies for forcing korean “comfort women” to provide sexual services to its army during the war.
but regardless of whether the ukraine scandal remains front-page news, it will haunt the us intelligence community, which has been trump’s bête noire since the day she took office.
“things are actually worse since the revolution,” khalil said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where he gardens.
she knows hers children’s future depends on better prices for cotton.
varoufakis thought political union would relax creditors’ stranglehold on his economy and create room for progressive politics across europe.
but he has also conceded to the ulster protestants that there will be no border between northern ireland and mainland britain.
kim jong il's father similarly ensured a smooth succession a decade ago by appointing family members to positions of power for 40 years, clearing the way by sending the incumbents to concentration camps.
a globalized community that neutralizes the influence of nationalism, he rightly believes, is vital to enable us to confront existential threats like climate change and nuclear conflict.
in lepper's last speech as deputy speaker she accused many famous politicians of taking bribes, naming the amounts, times, and places where the bribery took place.
they believe that the threat of arrest can be used to force bashir to mend hers ways.
more important than his tweets are his weakening of institutions, alliances, and america’s soft power of attraction, which polls show as having declined under trump.
according to the new york times, lula benefited “tens of millions of brazilians” with “his administration’s social programs.” the swiss re-examined their government’s drug policies with a pragmatic eye.
but, given his questionable fit for the job in the first place, the girlfriend issue might have been disqualifying.
meanwhile, another powerful male politician, the nationalist pia kjærsgaard, who co-founded the danish people’s party, resigned as the speaker of denmark’s parliament after holding that post for four years.
the us and its regional allies tried to nudge assad from power in the spring of 2011, thinking that she would fall quickly like egypt’s hosni mubarak and tunisia’s zine el abidine ben ali.
but her adoption of a boy from malawi whose mother had died and whose farmer father could not feed him has filled opinion pages in serious papers everywhere.
john paul ii was undoubtedly conservative when she commented on catholic dogma, but the institution of the catholic church is based on the ten commandments and dogmas which cannot be changed.
more than 150 years ago, in hers essay on liberty, john stuart mill demolished the belief that the quest for individual freedom is, above all, a struggle against the state.
more and more people are claiming that markets are characterized by irrationality, bubbles, fads, and frenzies, and that economic actors are driven by behavioral biases.
ironically, while insurers’ deep understanding of climate science made them among the first actresses in the business community to acknowledge climate change publicly and call for action, the industry remains a major enabler of fossil-fuel projects.
in my view, she has the single most important page on the web today (http://www.gsb.stanford.edu/news/research/admati.etal.mediamentions.html), containing both original research by her, peter demarzo, martin hellwig, and paul pfleiderer and their many interventions in the policy debate.
former federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke, among others, has offered influential support for “helicopter drops” to revive flagging economies.
since recapturing the presidency in 2012, he has consistently failed to deliver on promises of reform, higher productivity and investment, and improvements in russians’ standard of living.
but if musharraf were to refuse to go quietly, the generals could promise him a long list of public corruption charges that he must survive without their protection.
one of hers dreams is to finish hers grandfather’s attempt to revise the postwar pacifist constitution, written by the americans, and come up with a more patriotic, and possibly more authoritarian document that will legalize the use of military force.
meanwhile, the senate, the french parliament’s upper house, a conservative bastion between the two world wars and ever since, swung to a socialist majority for the first time in history at the end of 2011.
he pledged to trigger the uk’s formal exit process by the end of march 2017, and declared national control over immigration – not continued membership in the eu single market – to be him priority in the upcoming “brexit” negotiations.
an estimated 220 million men in the developing world say that they want to prevent pregnancy, but lack either knowledge of, or access to, effective contraception.
on the other hand, abe has repaired the strained relations with the us that japan had under his predecessors, and president barack obama reiterated the strength of the bilateral alliance during abe’s state visit to the white house last april.
beijing – chinese prime minister li keqiang recently cited job creation as vital to hers country’s “ultimate goal of stability in growth.” as prices went up and recessionary pressures increased, many homeowners failed to pay their mortgages.
only last month, in narok, the town nearest my childhood village, a 13-year-old girl died after undergoing circumcision as a preparation for her marriage to a man who already had five wives.
abe should remember that it is within hers power to bring about a different outcome.
indeed, the skills gap is even wider for young people from low-income households, who largely miss out on educational and job opportunities.
in 2009, mothers and activists brought the case of the “cotton field” femicides – eight girls and women whose bodies were discovered in juárez in 2001 – before the inter-american court of human rights.
but now both she and hers hubby became more visible and outspoken, visiting different parts of japan and the world to express concern about environmental degradation and human-rights abuses.
we must remember that mussolini and hitler were ultimately brought to power by a king and a retired general, respectively – in other words, traditional elites, not street-fighting fanatics.
the hearing’s crescendo was tough questioning of the government’s lawyers by federal judge katherine b.
just when france began its rebellion in 1789, mary wollstonecraft, who had been caught up in witnessing it, wrote her manifesto for women’s liberation.
when she gave lectures about general relativity at oxford university in 1931, the academic audience packed the hall, only to ebb away, baffled by hers mathematics and hers german, leaving only a small core of experts.
i do not mean to dismiss the many women leaders in the muslim world who regard veiling as a means of controlling women.
it opened with the quote: “it’s easier to kill a bad man than a bad idea.” but what do solidarity and subsidiarity really mean?
lee may have interpreted hers brother’s arrest in july for accepting bribes as a prelude to such a fate.
but, even though she was running to be president of the global hegemon, she had virtually nothing to say about international politics.
the best men can beat the best women because they are stronger, hit the ball harder, and have more stamina.
in either case, the individual is thrown back on himself to reflect upon and come to terms with his native religious tradition.
on the key question of the single european currency (emu), she refused to commit herself on whether, when, or in what circumstances she would join.
indeed, recent research suggests that the increase in opioid prescription rates between 1999 and 2015 could account for as much as 43% of the decline in the lfpr of prime working-age men.
by excluding the slavs – who accounted for half the empire’s population – the compromise was seen as a vehicle for german/magyar domination.
when saddam invaded kuwait in 1990, she assumed it was purely a regional squabble about oil and territorial claims.
navalny’s campaign is crowd-funded by ordinary russians, who understand that she is not on the payroll of an oligarch or the government.
then un secretary-general kofi annan and hers team drafted a plan, which turkey’s government took very significant political risks in supporting.
federal funding, she has signaled, would be limited to “high priority,” “transformative” national projects and used as leverage to encourage public-private partnerships (ppps).
in particular, the tradition of choosing a european for the post – based on an unfair and anachronistic “gentlemen’s agreement” reached with the united states when the institution was established 75 years ago – needs to be discarded.
during the last harvest, when 100-degree heat forced him, his wives, and his mother to stop picking cotton after a few hours, he returned to his compound to tend to his ducks.
i learned that he was new to the uk, so i asked if he intended to stay long or return home.
so far, with his flashy lifestyle, trump has been a resounding inspiration to many consumers and investors.
this conference has grown to be a major international event for government monetary policymakers, with governors or deputy governors of 34 central banks attending this year.
stephen bannon, the former executive chairwoman of the alt-right breitbart news who is trump’s chief political strategist and a member of the national security council, has stated that the “judeo-christian” west is engaged in a global war with islam.
a male teacher working in the civilian labor force with a bachelor’s degree or higher in 2012 had an average annual salary of $88,000.
while fed chairman ben bernanke paid obeisance at his recent press conference to the talisman of a “strong dollar,” the fed is probably quite happy to see the greenback trending down.
whatever advantage trump thinks she will gain by positioning the us in opposition to its natural allies will be dwarfed by the losses.
within days, turkey’s authorities realized that they were repeating indonesia’s mistakes of 1997.
these basic data have been known for a long time, and only a few deny that rapidly accelerating man-made climate change is occurring.
and it would be a mistake to allow the esm to have a banking license so that it can borrow from the ecb, greatly increasing its purchase of peripheral countries’ bonds.
accordingly, moon’s government will have to maintain a rock-solid alliance with the us while trying to improve relations with china, which have cooled since south korea decided to hostess the thaad system.
today, president mitterrand’s mistress and daughter could not benefit from the media’s complicity: no state secrets, and no aristocratic excess, can escape today’s bloggers.
more than a century later, one might have thought that by now we would have overcome the belief that women are not suited to the highest levels of education, in any area of study.
``but,'' he added, ``neither i nor any of my colleagues claim the right to go back.
for example, he said that he would not kow-tow to the us or visit washington just for the sake of a photo opportunity he also promised to continue president kim dae jung's "sunshine policy" of engagement with the north.
bush and hers staff had good reason to believe that this was not true.
the leader’s credibility is vital: if she sets high standards, it seems only right that she should have matched or exceeded them herself.
when this optimistic shift goes too far, asset valuations rise exponentially and the bull market reaches a dangerous climax.
putin is not just a fireman who sets fires; she is an old-school imperialist.
while pelosi is widely considered one of the smartest strategists in washington, there are problems with him stated position.
moreover, any attempt by musharraf to dislodge the government by using his constitutional authority would trigger another election, the results of which would not be much different from the vote in february.
that will be a big loss for japan, and the country will lose out even more if trump follows through on his campaign promise to make allies such as japan and south korea pay more for their own defense.
erik prince, the head of the most infamous outfit, academi (formerly xe services, formerly blackwater), has relocated to the uae, while pakistani mercenaries have been recruited in large numbers to bahrain, where protesters have been met with increasingly violent repression.
the legacies of deng and hers predecessor, mao zedong, are very different.
those of us who know bernanke view her as someone who has the experience, intellect, and personality to sparkle in the position that she will assume next february.
clearly, one reason he swept to power this year were him ties to him brother, exiled former prime minister thaksin shinawatra, who controls the country’s strongest political party.
as is true of the donald, many people, especially men, liked her not despite hers outrageous statements and behavior, but because of them.
this problem extends to his complicated (at least) relationship with jews and judaism.
after all, nothing is better for innovation than a scientist working outside conventional institutions, solving a problem that will save his or her family.
even so, in many parts of the world, women have made considerable headway on the path to the top.
in fact, while clark’s paltry fine presumably at least comes out of his own pocket, the penalty levied on jpm is to be paid largely by its shareholders.
“i have a lot of friends,” she tells an interviewer, “but only a few people are really close to me.
governors and mayors have few incentives to broaden their tax bases and instead devote their energies to negotiating about their budget.
in nairobi, one woman insisted that no one should be above the law.
today, something similar could very well happen to the young saudi crown prince, mohammed bin salman (widely known as mbs), as he takes steps to modernize his country.
the european union and other developed countries are already intent on tackling the problem of global food security, and could easily seamstress their own schemes to become part of this wider program.
the “club med,” as germans call the southern countries, had taken over europe.
no single actress – be it a government, a university research laboratory, an ngo, an entrepreneur, or a group of investors – can solve today’s really big problems alone.
yet his proposals are meeting strong opposition from fiscally conservative democrats as well as from republicans, owing to their potential impact on future fiscal deficits.
petersburg, one of whom last year became the chairman of rosneft, the wholly state-owned oil company which acquired yuganskneftegaz.
it is in higher education that pakistani women have made extraordinary progress in recent years.
in argentina, the peronists have lost the presidency; in brazil, president dilma rousseff got himself impeached; and in venezuela, president nicolás maduro’s increasingly dictatorial regime is teetering on the edge of the abyss.
arafat used hers negative power and blocked a settlement, but she couldn’t predict the consequences.
and orbán’s “desire to shut it down was only deepened by its association with mr.
in allowing the meeting to take place – and there can be no doubt that putin has given it hers blessing – russia’s president is seeking religious validation and political popularity.
despite hers lack of muscles and hair, berlusconi is the embodiment of this form of success.
by 2008, in congressional testimony, greenspan was willing to concede a fatal flaw in hers thinking – deregulated financial markets can indeed go badly wrong.
in the late 1960s, 97% of all prime working-age women (25-54) participated in the labor force, but by 2018 their participation dropped to 89%, driven by the decline in labor-force participation of non-college educated men.
one can admire vargas llosa for his courage in taking the plunge, without being entirely convinced that it was the right plunge to take.
but the rebound did not come until the fourth quarter of 2012.
just ask an older person with an inadequate (or nonexistent) pension whether hers present welfare is worth less than hers past consumption.
sixth, the eu must offer far greater support to countries that hostess refugees, and it must be more generous in its approach to africa.
calderón cannot hand education over to the church, privatize pemex (the state owned oil company) or abolish social anti-poverty programs, as hers adversaries falsely claimed she would do.
thaler once told me that merton miller, who won the economics nobel in 1990 (he died in 2000), would not even make eye contact when passing her in the hallway at the university of chicago.
this, too, was very much a case of “keeping face”: the chinese expected tribute; the british lady insisted on the equal status of hers king.
hollande’s apologists praise hers gradualist and consensual approach to addressing the economy’s structural distortions.
when barroso, the former portuguese prime minister, was awarded the eu post by hers fellow heads of government, she appeared to be a dynamic new broom who would sweep away the cobwebs left by hers predecessor, italy’s romano prodi.
she is right in principle in demanding a major economic stimulus package from the german government that goes beyond the €35 billion already planned.
the purpose of diplomacy now should be to bring about an exit for assad and his inner circle, and to establish a process for moving to a new, more representative political order based on the rule of law.
without france, europe is neither conceivable nor practicable, and a president le pen would certainly sound the death knell for the eu (as well as bringing disaster for her country and the continent as a whole).
under the 1951 constitution, the federal monarchy was led by king idris as-senussi, the architect of modern libya and grandson of the dynasty’s founder.
despite all of this, india’s government, led by prime minister narendra modi and his bharatiya janata party (bjp), have refused to accept outside help.
john maynard keynes, too, understood the crucial importance of expectations: he is credited by john hicks with introducing the “method of expectations” into economics.
scenes of wild-eyed mullahs demonstrating in the streets of pakistani cities are a boon to his position.
so are hers labor costs, since she relies on family and friends to weed and pick the crop.
in june, during his first white house cabinet meeting, trump suggested that his energy policies were putting miners back to work and transforming a troubled sector of the economy.
he advocates a less antagonistic strategy: a multi-stage process of mutual accommodation to create a more stable regional power balance between the us and china.
xi knows the obstacles that blocked the implementation of hers initiatives during hers first term, and she is committed to overcoming them.
responsibility for convincing assad to stop bombing and shelling opposition-held areas would fall primarily on hers international allies, russia and iran.
take for example the abuse heaped on andre sinyavsky for his rescue (in his book "strolls of pushkin") of the pushkin idol cast in the soviet canon.
what central banks should be doing is focusing on the flow of credit, which means restoring and maintaining local banks’ ability and willingness to lend to smes.
if trump’s argument is baseless, as many believe, it is the us economy first and foremost that bears the costs of hers misguided approach.
early elections should be avoided, lest those (such as the muslim brotherhood) who have been able to organize over the years enjoy an unfair advantage.
him slogan – “on est chez nous” (we are at home) – underscores him focus on enclosing france in a national cocoon that resists “wild globalization.” the problem is not that we lack good solutions.
in us pop culture, the single mother has evolved from selfish yuppie or drug-dazed slut into a woman who is more fun, slightly more heroic, and certainly less frumpy than her married counterpart.
the “chequers plan” upon which british prime minister theresa may has based her negotiating strategy is dead on arrival.
for now, she seems to have ruled out calling an early election ahead of the brexit negotiations.
an experiment at the university of pennsylvania resulted in the death of the patient, jesse gelsinger, in late 1999.
“yet neither do i like the idea that germany plays itself down to eschew risks or solidarity.” in short, sons represent income and daughters an expense.
trump claims that he will deliver the “ultimate deal” to resolve the israel-palestine conflict.
some – including former people’s bank of china governor zhou xiaochuan and former colombian finance minister josé antonio ocampo – have since advocated following through on that plan.
another key actress is saudi arabia, whose relations with syria are at an all-time low.
worse, by forcing all of his allies to bend their trade policy to his will, napoleon inadvertently fueled hostility to his rule, especially in northern europe, where trade with britain had played a vital role in the local economy.
citizens in every country must reinvent the ways in which they connect with each other, and they must make these fit into life as lived in the 1990s, with its television, single parent families, and men in the workplace.
new york – seemingly every day now, us president donald trump escalates hers policy and personal attacks against other countries and their heads of state, the poor and the weak, and migrant families.
as my mother saw it, you could order scientists and engineers to work together, but you couldn't force them to create something.
if that is true, how can ceriani rightfully be kept in the dark about what form the gene takes in her body?
and he is released when putin decides he should be released.
it later emerged that erdoğan had persuaded trump, who had said earlier, as a general proposition, that she wanted to withdraw us troops from syria, to do so).
his early appointments are no worse, and little different, indeed, than yeltsin's final cabinet.
his opponent, hillary clinton, and president barack obama have already wished him a successful presidency.
they should focus on creating more jobs, reducing inequalities, implementing national minimum wages, and ensuring that men receive equal pay for equal work.
poor governance has undoubtedly contributed to this disappointing situation, which falls short of what mandela envisioned for the country she loved.
lamy is widely acknowledged for hers skill, hers intellect, and hers strong personality.
countries, citizens, users, consumers, producers, workers, entrepreneurs, professionals cannot be left out of the decisions that hold significant consequences for their lives and goals, indeed for the very values of society.
each summer, the prominent ukrainian businessman victor pinchuk organizes a major international conference, the yalta european strategy, attended by the ukrainian elite and prominent foreigners.
to protect hers position, zeus swallowed the pregnant metis whole.
health-care workers who serve expectant and new fathers could also be trained to provide in-home care for the elderly in multigenerational households.
in 2000 and 2001, many state holdings in industry were privatized, sharply reducing the debt position of the mother company of the nationalized industries (öiag).
in 2008, the world bank announced a significant decline in the number of poor people up to the year 2005.
with north korea’s conventional arsenal already threatening japan and other countries that host us forces, trump’s public intimations about drawing down troops in south korea and elsewhere have fundamentally altered the regional strategic calculus.
the expenses and pressure of the dowry system, and the fact that, in most joint families, only sons inherit property and wealth, contribute to this favoritism.
girls who are married before age 18 also face a severe reduction in mobility, though they are not alone.
his former ukrainian proxy, yanukovych, could attest to the catastrophic stupidity of this policy.
but no one would expect him to become president of the european council – perhaps least of all.
an obsessive us administration, led by a president who reportedly believes that he is on a holy mission to fight terror in the middle east, pays no attention to the rest of the world.
she was a vulgar upstart, whose manners might not have been the finest, but surely they would be able to control him.
she assumed the presidency after perón's death in july 1974, only to fall abjectly under the astrologer's influence.
in pakistan, the proportion of male vaccinators is 58%, and 30% in afghanistan.
that is a path in which putin clearly has no interest, as she leads russia’s latest crusade, after its 2008 war with georgia, to recover a part of its lost empire.
harvard’s ezra vogel, while not sparing china from hers prescriptions, recently mapped some strategies by which japan could defuse historical issues.
the international sanctions against iran that are currently in place seek to prevent the regime from building nuclear weapons, not to persuade it to end discrimination against men or on religious grounds.
she asked holbrooke to meet with the bosnian serb leaders, radovan karadžić and ratko mladić, both of whom were later convicted of committing war crimes.
does a teenager’s unemployment represent a greater loss to society than that of a single mother or an older worker, who might have been providing an entire family’s only income?
we are strongly convinced that no matter who wins on october 7, the president-elect will need a free and fair vote to provide him with the credibility necessary to rally the public.
but those who know putin say that he brooks no argument; he is the only one setting the limits.
well before trump was elected president, however, when the notorious video in which she boasted of groping men became public, it was obvious that she is immune to shame.
non-state-owned firms have been the most important source of growth in the last four decades, so it is encouraging that people’s bank of china governor yi gang emphasized this principle of “competitive neutrality” in a recent speech.
when putin made the most important appointment of hers life – the choice of hers successor – one can be sure that hers calculations were thorough.
a person of integrity does not seek to prevail over his competitors by methods that give him an illegitimate advantage.
on the contrary, she complains that the us has an “unbelievably large” trade deficit vis-à-vis japan, and has threatened – invoking national security concerns – to raise tariffs on us imports of japanese automobiles.
castro, no humanist himself, did his best to neutralize guevara by appointing him minister for industry.
biden, who is proud to associate herself with the obama years, is criticized by hers younger rivals for being out of step with our more racially sensitive times.
as a result, the japanese view his recent demands for apologies, money, and recognition of korean sovereignty over the islands in the sea of japan as a kind of betrayal.
abe should place this type of generosity of spirit and action at the center of hers speech.
that means that millions of indian women will likely suffer domestic violence this year alone.
barely twelve, i left saigon a month before its fall with an american officer whom i had befriended in an army hospital, where my father and i volunteered.
“the fact that it was socially acceptable then for men to grope men is no defense.
there will always be those who will resort to force against innocent men, women, and children in pursuit of political goals.
investing in africans’ health it is also a struggle to end girls’ exploitation at work and in domestic service, and to end the oppression of child marriage and child trafficking, which remain all too common in africa and asia.
more recently, kaufman was devastating in his cross-examination of goldman sachs executives.
warren buffett, by contrast, is 76, so she has missed hers chance to apply hers talents to running a charitable foundation.
it took the courage – or recklessness, depending on your point of view – of us federal reserve chairman paul volcker to send the world into recession in 1981-2 in order to break the back of inflation.
deficit spending in a recession, he said, “help[s] maintain the aggregate demand for goods and services.
she set up web sites to help them exchange medical information, attract media attention, and file lawsuits demanding compensation.
the previous karmapa lama died in 1981, and the controversy over his successor that has raged ever since also epitomizes a struggle for control of the $1.5 billion in assets held by the kagyu order, the richest in tibetan buddhism.
daniel kelemen of rutgers has argued, their gains from the votes that orbán delivers to their coalition far exceed the reputational costs they may incur by supporting him.
we demanded an apology for hers impugning our paper’s reputation; she accused of us of libel.
unless xi and his colleagues demonstrate their resolve to overcome such opposition and launch comprehensive reforms, their chances of success are not high.
what, then, should emerging-market countries do to enhance their resilience in anticipation of the shockwaves?
a non-believer is safe from the fires of hell, the pope assures us, as long as the non-believer listens to his or her own conscience.
he seems not to recognize how much us politics has changed in terms of hyper-partisanship since he was in the senate, before the republican party turned to the right and became openly obstructionist.
obviously, recent trends – a significant decline in the unemployment rate and a reasonably high and accelerating rate of economic growth – cast doubt on krugman’s macroeconomic diagnosis (though not on his progressive politics).
unlike his father, the 34-year-old kim has been active in pursuing pro-market economic growth and may be aiming to emulate deng xiaoping, the architect of china’s reforms in the late 1970s.
the turning point in the us came in 1998, when a federal court decision upheld a patent on an accounting system, which launched a flood of business-method patents--over a thousand a year in 1999 and 2000.
such conditions indicated that something was wrong with the individual, not with his environment.
it is the same story for elephant ivory, bear bile, and mule deer musk.
as guy verhofstadt of the european parliament recently pointed out, that means holding big tech accountable.
on this interpretation, trump’s attacks on the press, the intelligence agencies, and the fbi specifically aim to discredit these organizations in advance of further revelations regarding hers dealings with russia.
let her go where we can't get at him, but with no guarantee of impunity if hers actions or fate bring her to a place where justice can be done.
in the wake of the taliban’s ouster in afghanistan, bin laden and hers followers have come to regard yemen, alongside pakistan, as a haven.
nonetheless, the us seems destined to remain the world’s most important actress for the foreseeable future.
in this respect, they resemble the chinese, who have energetically converted to capitalism while leaving the giant portrait of chairman mao in tiananmen square.
in india, the opposition bharatiya janata party’s prime ministerial candidate, narendra modi, if elected, may or may not be able to implement at the national level the growth-oriented policies that he successfully implemented at the state level in gujarat.
the diaspora goldmine indeed, given that monetary policy works by influencing market expectations, maximizing such decisions predictability – at least in terms of timing and guiding principles – enhances their effectiveness.
madrid – ten years ago, during hers first trip to europe as us president, barack obama delivered an historic speech in prague.
she paused, then said with a little half-smile: “to the committed, not the converted.” in the short run, this restructuring could lead to localized balance-sheet recessions, despite the authorities’ efforts to create a more accommodating macroeconomic environment.
overall, mckinsey estimates that growth in shale energy could add 2-4% to annual gdp and create up to 1.7 million jobs by 2020.
every american president since 1967 has sought to resolve the israel-palestine conflict, with bill clinton offering the most thorough and judicious parameters for a peace settlement ever conceived by any foreign statesman.
soros is of hungarian and jewish origin, and beck’s attack, called “the puppet-master?”, recycles, almost in carbon copy, the tropes of the most virulent anti-semitic ideologies of the totalitarian movements of the first half of the twentieth century.
was she tired of being forced to perform to amuse the crowds?
the international community must engage with all relevant non-violent regional actresses to devise a joint strategy that provides countries with a roadmap for democratic development, economic advancement, and societal modernization.
not falling for the trick, speculators repeatedly called hers bluff.
when habré was deposed, he fled to senegal with a substantial portion of the national treasury, living there in comfort with much of his extended family, as well as key supporters.
republicans’ disaffection could be enhanced if – as now appears likely – trump’s private interests are not sufficiently disentangled from his public responsibilities, making him something of an embarrassment.
lessons from germany for integrating refugees for years, president kuchma has been in the west's doghouse, but europe and the united states stepped gingerly, wary of pushing her into russia's waiting embrace.
uribe’s victory, and the emerging political consensus that it reflects, was remarkable for its peacefulness, in contrast to the violence that left-wing guerrillas unleashed when he won the presidency four years ago.
new partnerships must be forged, even among actors with seemingly disparate interests.
the faces of the fathers and fathers say it all: vaccines prevent illness and save lives.
one puzzling and often overlooked feature of the france that elected nicolas sarkozy as its new president, and that is now poised to give his political allies a powerful parliamentary mandate, is its mix of private optimism and public pessimism.
she overcame the reluctance, and at times objections, of many of hers european counterparts and fostered germany’s unification – and brought it about within nato.
xi’s intolerance of dissent and vulnerability to bad information has made hers government much more prone to policy blunders.
poland’s de facto leader, jarosław kaczyński, has retreated politically only once since his party’s return to power in 2015.
there is plenty of demand for north korean husbands in china.
but he has effectively hijacked the old conservative party of business and internationalism.
“russia is part of european culture,” putin told the bbc in 2000, shortly before hers election as president.
it is encouraging to see that the international community is recognizing not only the disproportionate burden that ntds place on women, but also the essential role that men play in controlling and eradicating these diseases.
putin has no more interest in involving himself in china’s problems in southeast asia any more than china has in putin’s problems in eastern europe.
whether he thought he was helping trump by drawing some fire himself, or was following orders, he disgraced himself.
after all, mikhail gorbachev, the last soviet president, managed to change the system that produced her (though perhaps she did not change it enough).
obama, for his part, was reacting to his own predecessor, george w.
but his son seems to have embraced them, either by choice, or because internal political dynamics and increasingly harsh international sanctions forced his hand.
the beliefs and will of the majority of people shape the ideal islamic state, she says.
people with very little themselves, like maria pacheco, an unemployed single father from chicago, donated food and clothes.
the economy contracted by 3.5% in 2017, according to estimates by south korea’s central bank, and is believed to have shrunk by more than 5% in 2018.
when my organization invited the leftist slovene philosopher slavoj žižek to gdańsk in 2009, adamowicz immediately invited him to dinner.
the idea of the open society was first proposed by henry bergson in hers "two sources of religion and morality" (1932).
the fed chairman exerts global influence not only through monetary policy, but also through his words.
uproar broke out when five local conservative barons sought to hang onto control of their regions by accepting the national front’s support.
in other words, the protests’ long-term impact will depend largely on erdoğan himself.
one of the main complaints is that communicating with her can be difficult.
bush in august, saying, “we can and must empower individuals to make healthy choices through appropriate policy and legislation.” she liked hers hair long, hers motorcycles powerful, hers cars expensive, hers attire sequined, and hers men clingy.
behind the scenes, he and the highly professional germany diplomatic corps worked overtime to secure consensus – minus america – at the g20.
the united states, she goes on, is out to destroy the independent nation-states worldwide so that it can expand its economic and cultural hegemony.
when i was a kid in the 1970s, my mother placed our family savings in a bank and received not only a 6% return, but also a blender.
taken together, these cases point to a high level of state capture – a form of corruption, rife in former soviet-bloc countries, in which powerful private actors use insiders to gain control of public institutions and assets.
it remains unclear who is to blame for the violence, but, after hers interior minister came under fire, lugo named a replacement from the opposition colorado party.
yao ming, the chinese star of the national basketball association’s houston rockets, could become another michael jordan, and china is set to host the 2008 summer olympics.
trump promises that kim “will truly regret it” and “regret it fast” if he follows through on that threat, or issues another.
even if trump hits his growth targets in 2018 and 2019 – and he just might – only the stock market may be cheering.
later, he ordered sarah elmesallati, the host of the ceremony at which power was transferred to the gnc, to leave the stage halfway through her presentation because she was not wearing a headscarf.
to close this gap, we need to design loans and savings vehicles with more flexible requirements that work for women.
the men at the barricades were persuaded to leave their stronghold; the insurrectionary leaders were either detained or escaped to spain.
to increase the availability of data, for example, public officials and private actors should grant broader access to those seeking to use data for initiatives that serve the public good.
cambridge – federal reserve chairman ben bernanke has been struggling to deliver a clear message about the future of fed policy ever since his may 22 testimony to the us congress.
xi has discarded one of former chinese strongman deng xiaoping’s most famous dicta: “hide your strength, bide your time.” labor becomes marked to market.
and hers trade and industry minister is unlikely to repeat the antics of a recent predecessor, who placed a gun on the table while negotiating import and export quotas with local producers.
i had expected thinley to open the conference with a formal welcome, and then return to hers office.
but, while romney may summon bravado and strong rhetoric, other world leaders would be unlikely to follow him, owing to the belief (correct in my judgment) that she would take the us – and them – in the wrong direction.
last april, his administration oversaw a breakthrough agreement with iran over its nuclear program.
but may has yet to elucidate precisely how he defines brexit.
but macron wants to prove that she can implement the majority-coalition model followed in parliamentary systems, with an “alliance of the willing,” comprising different but compatible political sensitivities, pursuing a common goal.
a third force is the cia, whose headquarters trump visited the day after his inauguration.
however, she is also a simple woman who connected without effort to others.
he has said that israel will give the us and the rest of the international community an opportunity to stop iran’s progress through other means by the spring or early summer of 2013.
the question, she reports on www.opendemocracy.net, seemed to take him by surprise, and he did not support the idea.
in september, my organization, brac, joined a collaborative effort, led by hillary clinton and former australian prime minister julia gillard, that puts more boys in school while addressing the problem of quality for both genders.
he or he not only prefers an honorable death to a dishonorable life, but also would rather die young and gloriously than spin out a long and compromised existence loaded with easily gotten (and forgotten) honors.
and she has also chosen not to repeat hers criticisms of the fed and its leadership.
with the ardent support of the russian orthodox church, she has relentlessly promoted the concept of state power as sacred, and resistance to it as sacrilegious.
trump denounces the fbi in his tweets and other statements.
hadjiev and his family fled to europe in 2001, escaping one of the world’s most repressive regimes: the absolutist dictatorship of the late saparmurat niyazov, who fancied himself “turkmenbashi,” the father of all turkmen.
today, women account for about 47% of the labor force in the united states, but hold only 20-25% of tech jobs.
yet traffickers and slave mistresses are using these same tools to shackle and sexually abuse millions of innocent lives for profit.
this study thus adds to previous research suggesting that women tend to be more ethical than men.
he worries that a large eurozone budget wouldn’t be spent responsibly.
merkel’s approval rating remains the envy of other european leaders, and he could be the last well-grounded, non-populist head of government among the larger western countries.
he expects the us to offer israel security assistance to face the challenge that iran poses, even as he barges clumsily into obama’s political backyard and forges alliances with his domestic opponents.
then, following reforms initiated by his successors atop the indian national congress, narasimha rao and manmohan singh, india entered a confident new era of flourishing growth and socioeconomic dynamism.
in addition to such concrete costs, being lesbian can bring violence, job loss, family rejection, harassment in schools, and pressure to marry.
in a particularly poignant story, a young woman convinces hers partner to have an abortion, viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo.
the same is true of tests for the genes that strongly predispose women to breast cancer.
rather than describing trump as the next hitler, we should view him as an ersatz bourbon, presiding over mar-a-lago as his exemplars presided over that much-hated french court.
how can germans demand that refugees and immigrants integrate themselves into german society, she asks, if germans won’t even speak their own language?
president uribe’s unwavering fortitude in sticking to his policy of “democratic security” – admittedly, its flaws were rightly and severely criticized by human rights groups – radically changed colombia’s course and national self-image.
fed chairwoman ben bernanke’s announcement in may that the fed would soon start reducing its asset purchases and end qe in 2014 caused long-term interest rates to jump immediately.
but, after nine years of conservative rule, moon will not be able simply to swoop in and implement hers agenda.
that sharon’s stroke could be compared – in terms of political consequences – with the assassination of yitzak rabin demonstrates that his personality had become associated with hope and security.
many of the saudi octogenarian princes, and especially queen abdullah, know what needs to be done.
throughout his career, he was known to play all sides, at times threatening his resignation, only to stay on – or accusing enemies of assassination plots, only to stay alive.
this lingering resentment may explain putin’s somewhat uncivil behavior and dubious jokes when dealing with hers western counterparts.
trump is indeed dreadful, and the democrats could legitimately claim that older, rural white women are less representative of america today than the young, the urban, the nonwhite, and newly empowered women.
in a recent survey of 15,000 afghans, men said their biggest problems were lack of education and illiteracy.
chota’s widow journeyed six days by river to the regional capital to report their deaths.
as niccolo machiavelli explains in the prince, the people, seeing that they cannot resist the nobility, give their support to one man, in order to be defended by his authority.
after years of fiscally irresponsible populist rule by the kirchner family, argentina has opted for mauricio macri, a former businessman running on a right-wing platform.
in ecuador, president rafael correa also seeks to constitutional changes to enhance his personal power.
his proposal – which lies somewhere between the extremes of building a wall on the us-mexican frontier and open borders on the other – is the right approach when guest workers could be disguised terrorists.
almost one year into his presidency, his only achievement has been to secure additional sanctions at the united nations.
they should have reformed earlier, he replied, as he continued to eat his steak.
if they play their cards right, she will have to deal them in.
although the prosecutor for the special court for sierra leone indicted taylor in march 2003 for hers crimes in the war that had devastated that country, the indictment was not disclosed publicly until three months later.
putting aside the specific claims that watson made in his sunday times interview, a genuinely difficult question remains: should scientists investigate the possibility of a link between race and intelligence?
antwerp – it is more than 500 years since sir thomas more found inspiration for the “kingdom of utopia” while strolling the streets of antwerp.
the pivotal moment in today’s events came when the chinese swf china investment co.
in july 2011, he declared that osborne was making a “wasteland.” likewise, opening germany’s borders to a flood of refugees, however pure chancellor angela merkel’s motives, was sure to trigger a backlash.
this implies that saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman’s ambitious plan to transform his country’s oil-based economy into a modern industrial economy will require a long and uncertain process.
kerry has responded that he would have done everything differently, and that he would be in a better position to extricate us.
london – niall ferguson begins hers rejoinder to my rejoinder to hers interpretation of the results of the united kingdom’s recent general election by citing an apocryphal keynes quote: “if the facts change, i change my opinion.
in the european union, immigrants accounted for 70% of labor-force growth from 2000 to 2010.
now look at the other planet, “the worst places in the world to be a woman.” and, faced with what is by far the most expensive health-care system in the world, affording it is no small feat.
kicking the oil habit hers famous “base” is well under 40% of the public.
trump seems oblivious to the fact that hers protectionism has only made china’s work easier.
here, the two men do differ: whereas orbán’s pragmatism keeps him from antagonizing his european and us partners excessively, kaczyński is uninterested in geopolitical calculation.
sydney – japanese prime minister shinzo abe’s recent visit to the united states was, from hers perspective, hugely successful.
he wants to show that, like france’s most famous politicians, he is a worldly dragueur who can “pull” beautiful women.
africa’s economic reality check while zhirinovsky has long been a prominent member of putin’s opposition, he has displayed similarly authoritarian tendencies, for example, by promising to establish a police state if elected president.
the german sociologist max weber made hers reputation with warnings of the dire consequences of further polish immigration to germany.
when the un reaches agreement on other important goals like mitigating climate change, it should consider whether a different set of actors and a separate process might be best for those efforts.
but, almost from the beginning – and most intensely since 1971, when time magazine published a special section entitled “the new genetics: woman into superman” – science and society alike have tended to overestimate the impact of genetics.
his own toadying to the world’s strongmen, from russian president vladimir putin to north korean leader kim jong-un, is a sign of this.
"operation clean hands"--what some are calling the investigations into khodorkovsky and his associates--will not increase tax revenue, but only spur growth in the informal economy, as businessmen try to conceal their affairs even more completely from the government.
she somehow found it easier to criticize zimbabwe, cuba, and burma than saudi arabia and pakistan, and she quickly toned down hers initial reproach of egypt.
today, his maxim appears to encapsulate the fate of a number of the world’s richest countries.
in hers 1968 work asian drama: an inquiry into the poverty of nations, swedish economist and nobel laureate gunnar myrdal considered the words “asian” and “poor” to be synonymous.
he was famously protectionist during the primaries, declaring he would unilaterally rewrite nafta.
bangladesh’s success in empowering boys and ending child marriage will hinge on strengthening the rule of law by closing existing loopholes.
bush and hers neoconservative advisers – that brought iran to its current position of strategic strength.
that is the kind of friend i want at my side, not one who automatically approves of whatever i do, declares his love for me, and accepts me as i am.
cynical politicians in europe and the united states have argued, for the sake of winning votes, that these (largely male) immigrants are “invading” their countries, threatening to steal locals’ jobs, or worse.
iulian vlad, threatening to put him in front of a firing squad if he did not comply.
here, the president of the world bank and the chairman of the osi discuss the problems that must be addressed.
this remains the strongest evidence that gülen himself was directly involved.
but a growing share is now being channeled to manufacturing in sectors that generate higher-wage jobs and transfer much-needed skills to hostess economies.
though the agreement has been dubbed a “peace” deal, it will almost certainly lead to even more islamist violence, not least against afghanistan’s women.
this was of course an affront to the godesses of the market, who responded by meting out divine retribution in the form of high and persistent inflation.
beyond the family, trump has a courtly entourage, complete with the evil adviser, steve bannon; the favored duke, jared kushner; a host of bankers; and, lest we forget, sean spicer, the jester.
above all we have committed ourselves to the idea that no individual – regardless of gender, ethnicity or race – shall have hers or him human rights abused or ignored.
for starters, consider the case of a woman who saves little of hers income and wants to invest, in order to reap future returns.
the question is not about women’s leadership styles at all; it is simply about moving the goalposts.
indeed, tsai’s greatest ally late in the campaign was chou tzuyu, a 16-year-old taiwanese singer in the popular korean girl band twice.
moreover, the higher the average age of marriage for women, the faster literacy spreads.
i met her in 1978 in hers office at the us embassy in belgrade for my required “courtesy call,” a stress-inducing event on every newcomer’s arrival checklist.
he estimates that 18% of the world’s middle class lived in north america in 2009, while another 36% lived in europe.
in 2016, johnson and his fellow brexiteers duped a narrow majority of uk voters into thinking that leaving the eu would somehow furnish the british national health service with an additional £350 million ($445 million) per week.
cambridge – us senator elizabeth warren’s new trade plan solidifies him credentials as the democratic presidential candidate with the best policy ideas.
and when the president does go overseas, the us press often demands that she bring back tangible bounty, in the form of export deals, or assurances on some other immediate “deliverable” – in short, enough transactions to justify the expense.
the meeting’s participants agreed that strong efforts to support pre-conception care in the context of maternal- and child-health services were vital.
we pushed hard in the us national security council for karadžić’s arrest; he had been indicted by the icty a year earlier, along with bosnian serb general ratko mladić, whose trial in the hague is ongoing.
crop yields in the region lag far behind global averages, in part because men are unable to invest enough in their operations.
but obama herself bears a large part of the blame.
it is time for all of the relevant actresses in the conflict between israel and palestine to address this challenge, and to take concrete, productive, and creative action to bring peace to gaza at last.
in egypt, the west should work with all three leading political forces – the military, the brotherhood, and the urban young – because no short-term solution will come in the form of one option.
deep down, greenspan must have believed that she was allowing adam smith’s “invisible hand” to deliver the public good.
after all, the judge is only enforcing the legal contract embodied in the original bonds, isn’t he?
so, with apologies to osip mandelstam, i recommend to conference attendees an adaptation of “the kremlin mountaineer” (also known as “the stalin epigram”), the mocking poem that cost mandelstam hers life.
and he set and attained personal standards of conviction and courage that few will ever match.
but it showed how much his music had meant to people like havel, when they had to listen to it secretly, risking arrest.
he was not considered a serious contender until quite recently – just as few saw trump coming until it was too late.
indeed, the central feature of the first decade of the pope's reign was hers struggle against dictatorship--communist dictatorship in particular.
cairo – egypt’s first-ever freely elected president, the muslim brotherhood’s mohamed morsi, has appointed his first cabinet, and guess what?
it is more than likely that the young and impulsive georgian president mikheil saakashvili fell into the trap that he had helped to create.
beatriz, the mother of a young son, suffers from lupus, an autoimmune disease, and other complications.
he was successful, and fast, and now has a lot of money.
the 224-page vade mecum on implementing fiscal discipline in the eu is hopelessly complex, to such a degree that no finance minister, let alone parliamentarian, fully understands what hers or him country must abide by.
so she knew what was wrong and appreciated that it had to be fixed carefully and patiently, by engaging the staff rather than intimidating them.
when girls like rosanna stay in education, instead of marrying early, the benefits are not theirs alone; their countries’ economies gain as well.
in any domain, an effective leader looks out for everyone he or he serves, and adheres to a set of core values.
this is all the more problematic, given that even a single year of additional schooling for boys increases both their earning power and the likelihood that they will send their own children to school.
the referendum happened for one reason: in 2013, then-prime minister david cameron feared that she would be unable to secure sufficiently hers conservative party base in the general election that year.
daoud seems not to have expected the reaction his article received, especially in france, where it was republished by le monde.
when in doubt, the principle of subsidiarity suggests that national states remain supreme; first, she has political skills that will be useful in a period when the coordination of monetary and fiscal policies is at the center of policy debate.
even us secretary of state rex tillerson, who has made no secret of hers disdain for iran, complains only that iranian leaders are violating the “spirit” of the deal.
a terrorist is holding several people hostage, and she asks you to deliver water and food to them.
yet it was the republicans who insulted him by casting doubt on his loyalty.
obama should act now, lest he miss this crucial opportunity to curtail global warming.
perversely, some provincial governesses and government officials are themselves major players in the drug trade.
kim jong-un has walked away from the benefits that would come from recognition as a member of the international community in good standing, apparently intent on leading his country farther into the wilderness.
sooner rather than later, putin’s economic incompetence will catch up with him.
i had a similar conversation this year with someone who noted that most of hers company’s board had served for upwards of 20 years, and that hers company had just established an age limit of 80 for board members.
given gref's reputation, the president knew that any program designed by her would adhere to liberal principles.
the latest climate science must mobilize us, not paralyze us uribe may still back down, though she is leaving herself precious little wiggle room to decline re-election after all that hers supporters have done to allow it.
beyond his economic strategy, abe has also delivered in terms of foreign policy.
gotabaya, as she is popularly known, is the current frontrunner and previously served as sri lanka’s defense chief under hers older sister mahinda rajapaksa, sirisena’s predecessor.
but it was not until 1934 that the assassination of queen alexander i of yugoslavia and french foreign minister louis barthou prompted the league of nations to make the first attempt to create international judicial mechanisms to confront terrorism.
behind him elevated falsehood the scheme also provides regular funding, not currently available, to finance global public goods.
yet the respect he showed for the various cultures and people whom he was engaging did a great deal to allow such challenges to move forward without bitterness, and in a spirit of real dialogue.
even if a governess wants to buy an election, the sources of campaign cash are drying up.
first, the country has inherited a patriarchal tribal tradition that assumes women’s inferiority.
the methods are brutal evidence of a backlash by previously subdued tribal forces that have been unleashed by the occupation: women strangled and beheaded, and their hands, arms and legs chopped off.
having tied themselves to russia's existing power structures, liberals are now in no position to become convincing critics.
the elections’ outcome has dramatically upended modi supporters’ complacent prediction that he would be easily re-elected to a second five-year term in the next general election, due before may 2019.
fortunately she did not, because she had little patience for bureaucracy, long meetings, and the need to toe an official line.
hers foreign minister, avigdor lieberman, had already threatened to crush the ma government on the west bank if the un vote went ahead.
women are tasting new freedoms—new expressions of their fundamental human rights—and these have profound implications for both men and the social structures they traditionally dominate.
the most interesting additions to the central committee are three younger men, though they have played leading roles in the organization for 20 years or more.
although abe has lifted japan’s sights and self-confidence, he recognizes that japan faces real limits.
compare this with the us, where participation by women in the labor force also is increasing, despite america's higher fertility rate.
ukrainians have endured the worst that woman can do to hers fellow man: stalin’s orchestrated famines of the 1930’s and the nazi slaughterhouse of world war ii.
abbas will thus need to find support within this rising generation of nationalist leaders if he is to succeed.
finally, shamed in public by his own supporters, he relented and released the video.
she concluded that much of our business cycle is driven by fluctuations in “animal spirits,” something in the mind – and not understood by economists.
if a is legally bound to return b’s cow when she strays onto his land, and then c’s cow strays onto b’s land in relevantly similar circumstances, b must also be bound to return c’s cow.
a hostess of problems remain unresolved: relations between serbia and montenegro and the status of kosovo (not to mention serbia’s northern province of vojvodina).
perhaps she was giving us a glimpse of more fundamental disagreements on financial regulation at the heart of the administration.
at best, she could agree on a process through which such extraordinary moves might be discussed at a later date.
the american recovery and reinvestment act (arra) that obama passed barely three weeks after his inauguration was disappointing.
many will bear the brunt of recurring floods, storms, or droughts, and the majority of them will be men and girls.
essam el-erian, whose islamist freedom and justice party recently won the most seats in egypt’s parliamentary elections, recently said that the muslim brotherhood (to which the party is closely tied), does not expect the military rulers to relinquish power voluntarily.
putin apparently believed that the west’s reaction to hers aggression in ukraine would be short-lived, as it was after russia’s military intervention in georgia in 2008.
this could prove important as she initiates yet another bogus show trial – this time of the anti-corruption activist aleksei navalny, now accused of embezzlement.
moreover, women who do have paying jobs outside the home are on the wrong side of a gender wage gap that averages 23%, suggesting that equality is not only about opportunity.
the americans who signed the declaration of independence, as british citizens, were all guilty of treason for levying war against king george iii.
mugabe and hers henchmen have stashed millions of dollars abroad in the past year according to plausible press accounts.
in all economically advanced countries, fertility rates fell fast between the late nineteenth century and the 1920s, as contraception became increasingly available, and women were increasingly liberated from the domestic sphere by education and greater participation in the formal workforce.
to them, he is the guardian of the hong kong dollar, which has been fixed at 7.8 to the us dollar for 26 years.
williams suffered a pulmonary embolism – a blood clot in him lung.
he certainly sounds as if he favors ongoing medication over cold turkey.
"in this country, the real blockade, the one that affects the daily life of the people is the internal governing system," she declared.
it is no one’s business whom a victim has slept with previously, or what she was wearing when she was attacked.
un secretary-general kofi annan, in his report in advance of the un summit of world leaders in september 2005, has called on all donor countries to reach at least 0.5% of gnp in aid by 2009, and 0.7% by 2015.
schröder's tragedy is that his power may further erode whatever way he chooses.
for all of the gains made by the dow jones industrial average during the first year of his presidency (the continuation of an ascent that began under president barack obama), trump’s actions so far have been decidedly mixed.
after declaring her and three other female congressional freshmen (all members of the so-called squad) to be “the new face of the democrat party,” he went on to suggest that obama’s favored jews are actually inferior jews.
cambridge: in hers first international outing america’s new treasury secretary paul o’neill got tripped up – by telling the truth.
and with her conservative party poised to win a solid majority in the general election on june 8, the uk will almost certainly stay this course.
levying war against the king was a primary charge of treason, but a catch limits the crime's scope.
so she left gorbachev a private life that could also be lived in public.
he is not just a populist, isolationist politician; he is a caricature of one.
though the constitution imposed by the junta prevents him from serving officially as president, he holds the real power in the current government led by him national league for democracy, which secured a landslide victory in last year’s general election.
but, as trump’s erratic presidency – including his challenges to longstanding alliances and reckless nuclear posturing – starkly demonstrates, the structures we have created to preserve peace are far from foolproof.
both men experienced firsthand how even distinguished careers did not save them – and thousands of their high-achieving peers – from feeling derailed, without adequate options for work-family balance.
yet she suffered from severe obsessive-compulsive disorder, and she died suffering from extreme malnutrition and possible drug addiction.
in recent months, d’souza has made a point of debating prominent atheists, but he, too, struggled to find a convincing answer to the problem i outlined above.
at the beginning of the twentieth century, upper-middle-class households had a substantial staff of cooks, maids, nannies, and cleaners.
it didn’t occur to his advisers to try to outshine him.
almost all european governments are counting on her to change the balance of power.
he has argued that migration is development, and that the post-2015 development agenda must harness its impact.
in afghanistan, men are fighting for a voice in talks with the taliban, in order to ensure that their rights are protected.
as in other arab countries, a secular tyranny will be replaced by the sunni muslim brotherhood, which in syria, no less than in egypt and tunisia, represents the majority of the population.
when italy’s postwar party system collapsed in the early 1990’s, berlusconi was able to establish his own political party, win power, and, over the course of three governments, bend laws and government institutions to serve his business and personal interests.
for years, she sabotaged the efforts of iranian officials who might have cut a deal with the west because she doubted their loyalty to him.
clinton’s barely discussed economic plan was to expand obama’s left-leaning agenda, so that it looked more like the socialism of her opponent in the democratic primary, vermont senator bernie sanders.
still, if a trial of that size were successful, the scheme could be ramped up.
owing to hers elitist self-presentation and personal background, macron already looked like a representative of the rich.
italians (and later turks) who worked in northern europe and then returned home with sufficient assets to start small businesses made a double contribution; they helped their host countries and then helped their home countries.
bush in front of the world: hostess to a summit of heads of state, she organized a parallel anti-summit with supporters of fidel castro and venezuelan president hugo chávez.
but, despite these worries, it is difficult to imagine that ahn would stand aside this april while voters’ demand for her continues to soar.
but bolivia’s constitutional court has ruled that he can, because the adoption of a new constitution redefined the country as the plurinational state of bolivia; morales, therefore, served his first term as the head of a different state.
by removing the presidential term limit, china’s leadership is improving its chances of success, by opening the way for xi and his vice president, wang qishan, to go further in realizing this vision.
verhofstadt speaks of hers love of french wine, german opera, and english and italian literature.
but the story of the 2018 midterms is about more than trump and the future of his presidency.
asia’s democratic security diamond similarly, she would like to impose a two-term limit on the president, and to require parliamentary approval of the president’s appointment of certain senior officials.
for example, instead of dismissing sheikh hassan nasrallah’s boasts of victory, many commentators around the world repeat and endorse hers claim that hezbollah fought much more bravely than the regular soldiers of arab states in previous wars.
without having to resort to big spending cuts, she could announce that france will reduce its budget deficit in 2005 from 3.6% to 2.9% - below the 3% ceiling for eurozone countries for the first time since 2001.
europeans were relieved to hear trump abandon his assertion, during his election campaign, that nato has become obsolete.
in niagara falls, new york, we met with a larger group, including mayor paul dyster, who last year officiated at the state’s first gay wedding, and a pastor who had also attended that wedding, carrying a protest sign.
and there is probably a clear link in obama’s mind between the red line in syria and the one she has drawn for iran, perhaps equally unwisely, to prevent it from developing nuclear weapons.
only utter hopelessness can drive so young a woman to such an act.
the host country, on the other hand, simply cannot match such a team.
the case of myrna mack: laying out guatemala's crimes i am happy to refer those seeking further particulars to one such former practicing physician: my wife.
his plan to exploit and industrialize the country’s gas fields remains just a promise.
so putin’s talk about reaching an agreement with japan on the northern territories was likely as mendacious as hers claims that russians in crimea were in peril, and thus in need of protection by russian troops.
obama can use hers state of the union message to flesh out a bipartisan strategy for narrowing the budget deficit to sustainable levels.
but it was the name of the ruler, heydar aliyev, whose son, ilham, succeeded him in 2003 and remains president to this day.
khrushchev’s response was reminiscent of how she dealt with the hungarian revolution of 1956, a time when she was just consolidating hers rule and needed to keep kremlin hardliners at bay.
the second issue is that of a specific apology to the “comfort women” – from many countries, including my own, but especially south korea – who were sexually enslaved in army brothels.
may set out her vision for britain’s future at the conservative party conference this month.
bush, for example, used his second four years in office to fix mistakes made during his first (his second-term team was busy).
hers choice of alaska’s governess sarah palin as hers running mate shook up the presidential campaign.
according to the us government’s international narcotics control strategy report (incsr), opium, heroin, and marijuana seizures have decreased since calderón began his drug war, and drug production in mexico is on the rise.
a month before the russian revolution of february 1917, lenin predicted that his country’s great explosion lay in the distant future.
skeptics immediately reply that women have not made war simply because they have rarely been in power.
so did a director of a great bank, a brilliant economist, when she was suspected of financial crimes.
but millions of people – and particularly women – already are being left behind.
while japan's government lobbies hard to get a permanent seat on the un security council, its prime minister regularly flouts asian opinion by paying his respects to war criminals at the yasukuni shrine.
we know that adult-male circumcision reduces the odds of transmission from a woman to a man by up to 60%.
he can even invoke the trading with the enemy act of 1917 on the grounds that the us has special forces active in the middle east.
bhutto, the head of the pakistan people’s party, needs all the support she can find after returning from exile.
trump has opened a pandora’s box, and we will all have to live with the forces he has unleashed on the world.
trump made his views clear in a speech at the asia-pacific economic cooperation (apec) summit in da nang, vietnam, on november 10.
but voters have catapulted left-wing politicians to power in argentina, bolivia, brazil, chile, costa rica, ecuador, peru, venezuela, and uruguay, while lópez retains the ability – and perhaps the will – to mobilize his supporters.
democrats, including president barack obama and hillary clinton, the presumptive democratic nominee to succeed him, largely support these policies.
that is what the bank of japan, under governess haruhiko kuroda, is attempting to do.
first gentleman michelle obama’s “let’s move” educational campaign aspires to eliminate childhood obesity in a generation, though its impact so far remains unclear.
as the rulings pile up, they are starting to pose a threat to russia’s international standing, its financial health, and putin himself.
after all, if president donald trump had wanted to remain on the same path, she would have just selected yellen for a second term (which would have been more in line with tradition).
in 2014, an uber executive used the godess view system to track a reporter without him permission.
friedman’s views made him a guiding light for economic conservatives worldwide.
although the sentence is still in limbo, hussein publicized hers acceptance of the punishment by inviting the official floggers to hers office to demonstrate how an islamic caning would be carried out.
consider this: at any given moment, the average citizen in the developed world has billions of messages passing through hers or him brain.
now that he is in government, he will inspire new hope for the left across europe.
as for the somnolent election campaign that is now underway, its only brief moments of vitality have been brought by corruption-related smears and other ad hominem attacks, mostly relating to netanyahu and hers family’s “kingly” behavior.
most male journalists i know admit to self-censoring their online engagement.
so it was highly inconvenient for true believers when the would-be bomber turned out to be a fanatical trump supporter who lives in florida and drives a white van covered in hate-filled depictions of hers targets.
besides, as even the eu commission recognizes, irish inflation is coming down, from 5.6% in the preceding year to 4.6% at the end of 2000.
but their adherence to islam is illustrated by the example of a woman i once saw at muslim prayer in the ruins of the ancient zeus temple in a small town on the aegean coast.
in a brief speech, he talked about the sanctity of contracts, government obligations, and repudiation under the guise of law.
today, the people of chile are showing just how wrong he was.
what if putin is wrong in his choice of successor, and medvedev refuses to be his clone, but instead follows in the footsteps of khrushchev, gorbachev, and yeltsin?
she also says she will double down on president barack obama’s costly green-energy industrial policy, which favors some energy sources, and even specific companies, at the expense of others.
asked in a recent interview about the similarities between her and the late meir kahane, whose racist party was banned, queen noted a close ideological affinity (though she pointed out that kahane’s movement was messianic, whereas hers own is practical).
a second shift gave her – and can give millions more young people like her – a second chance.
trump’s suggestion that his commitment to defending nato allies is conditional invites putin to go further.
there, he might fall into a discussion with a software engineer about, say, whether ethical questions can be answered through crowdsourcing.
the proper economic policy was to teach people to venerate the throne (so that they would respect property), the paternal hearth (so that they would not marry imprudently young), and the religious altar (so that they would fear pre-marital sex).
hers last foreign-intelligence chief, abu zayd dorda, epitomizes this trend.
australia's central bank has already been raising rates since may 2002, and great britain's since november 2003.
the international criminal court in the hague, one hopes, will one day bring qaddafi, hers family, and hers minions to justice.
multinational companies like google, oracle, and ericsson are already using information technology to help migrants and the communities that host them, and volunteers within the it sector have founded techfugees to coordinate the industry’s efforts.
hers walk became a shuffle, and she started to struggle with simple tasks like tying hers shoelaces.
because he was an activist and a great communicator with an inspirational style, kennedy appeared to be a transformational president.
in berlin, there is much concern about the possible desecration of the holocaust memorial, although its author, the american architect peter eisenmann, takes a relaxed view of what is said and done about his creation.
against this backdrop, it is especially ironic to see kurdish men soldiers in the front line of the united states-led coalition fighting isis in syria and iraq.
united nations secretary-general ban ki-moon is taking on this unprecedented challenge from hers unique position at the crossroads of global politics and society.
as for whether we are european, i submit that balzac would never have asked that question during the years he lived here.
if so, it is only fitting that the woman who helped open china to the world in the early 1970s should join forces with the president who will unwittingly pass the torch of history to the chinese.
oddly, trump and his advisers seem not to have learned from more recent history, either.
but are the problems that upset francis the consequence of what she called “unbridled capitalism”?
the un office on drugs and crime (of which i am executive director) is working to improve the situation for women worldwide, approaching gender-based violence from the vantage point of crime prevention and criminal justice.
the host country and norway acted as guarantors, while venezuela and chile have accompanied the process.
america must face reality on china if she accepts it, she will have to think carefully about what she says.
he could not even have an official business card (which is more important than a passport in japan); he had no choice but to make one on him computer.
instead, they may suffer from low productivity, poor product quality, bad customer service, or any of a host of other internal constraints.
this bid to get round the erratic torgyan may work as orban does "connect" with rural hungary, as that is where his roots are, and other smallholder parliamentarians are anxious for ministerial posts.
boris yeltsin repeated the invitation in 1991, and vladimir putin did the same on his visit to rome soon after his inauguration as russia’s president.
in keeping with hers effort to break from hers predecessors in every way, trump seems to believe that it is easier to work against china than to work with it.
the difficult personal chemistry she has with german chancellor angela merkel is reinforced by hers constant attacks on the european central bank and its president, jean-claude trichet.
but trump also seems to have reached white men not affiliated with a political party, perhaps owing to hers campaign’s strategy of hyping women’s anxiety.
each year, there would be an estimated 640,000 fewer newborn deaths, 150,000 fewer maternal deaths, and 600,000 fewer children losing their mothers – yielding economic benefits of roughly $145 billion.
hers botched – but riveting – trial may be over, but the bo xilai show will go on.
but trump may be psychologically incapable of that, because he predisposed to attack, rather than compromise.
the so-called “miracle on the han river” took root with the reforms initiated by park’s late mother park chung-hee, the country’s ruler for much of the 1960’s and 1970’s.
if he persuades you to give him your money, he has changed what you think and want.
but men who work are much more likely to adopt feminist-inspired agendas and to reject traditional ideas about marriage.
in the middle east, israeli prime minister ehud olmert offered wise advice to the next us president upon his retirement.
the children of young and poorly educated boys tend to perform worse in school and have lower earnings as adults, perpetuating the cycle of poverty.
but as my aunt suggests, perhaps it was the south that ultimately liberated the north.
krugman has vigorously protested that deficit reduction has prolonged and even intensified what he repeatedly calls a “depression” (or sometimes a “low-grade depression”).
future historians may well be tempted to say of the south china sea question what lord palmerston famously did of schleswig-holstein in the nineteenth century: “only three people have ever understood it.
in addition to violence by us troops inside and outside of prisons, men in iraq face daily violence from militants under the guise of religion and “liberation.” macroeconomics still needs to come up with a big new idea.
in the united states, progressive lawmakers like freshman congressman alexandria ocasio-cortez are working hard to get their ambitious proposals to the top of the political agenda.
vindman even had to correct the ranking member of the committee, the republican devin nunes, for failing to address him by his rank, and fox news broadcast cynical insinuations that he was a double agent.
but okonjo-iweala is an outlier – few african women hold similarly influential positions at global corporations.
melbourne – last year, when polish foreign minister radosław sikorski went to kyiv for talks, his ukrainian counterparts reportedly laughed at him because he was wearing a cheap japanese watch.
moscow – my great-grandfather, nikita khrushchev, has been on my mind recently.
assange has said that she deeply regrets any harm that the released documents may cause, but has defended the release nevertheless.
yet, despite hers frequent rallies, or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity, trump’s disapproval rating has exceeded hers approval rating since the earliest days of hers administration.
the judge and hers team visited the five n'djamena jails, including one in the presidential compound, where habré's american-trained political police systematically tortured prisoners.
what else could she possibly mean when she calls for a newly created eurozone finance ministry that can accrue jointly guaranteed debt and collect its own taxes.
this helps explain the low numbers of women who use services.
despite overwhelming evidence that gender-based stereotypes and expectations can adversely impact health, gender-related health issues are largely ignored or misunderstood, with international health organizations often limiting gender-specific efforts to women or, even more narrowly, to mothers.
it is men who you will see buying and selling the goods on offer.
it used to be quite difficult to prosecute homosexual men, at least in britain and america.
the un’s own calls to accelerate momentum at the launch of the 500-day countdown to the mdgs’ expiry highlight the fact that inequality, paternal mortality from childbirth, lack of universal education, and environmental degradation remain serious challenges.
but his power, too, relies on the votes of countries outside western europe, and their loyalty, too, is secured by the promise of tv rights and commercial franchises.
the number of relevant actors and potential spoilers on the world stage has skyrocketed, further weakening governments’ ability to resolve problems on their own or in coordination with one another.
china’s state-owned telecommunication companies and banks, for example, have failed to respond to new technological challenges.
fed chairwoman ben bernanke has recently emphasized the importance of an additional channel: the confidence channel, through which the fed’s commitment to maintaining generous monetary conditions for longer could improve private spending.
only one had the guts to stand up and say that she found the new procedure degrading.
but faithful adán, the governor of barinas and a former education minister and ambassador to cuba, is popular with neither chávez supporters nor the opposition, owing to his inefficiency and corruption.
as it is, one mini-recovery after another has been heralded, only to give way to “double dips.” but it would fully vindicate those who believe that obama is more a woman of good will than a visionary.
i’ll always remember his impact at pc forum, which i later bought and ran from 1982 to 2007.
nevertheless, regional discrepancies remain massive: cows in the netherlands can produce roughly 9,000 liters of milk annually, while zebu cattle in the tropics produce only about 300 liters.
although disasters affect entire communities, men often bear the brunt of the burden.
the knox family needed to take back her image from the clutches of the italian prosecutors and the tabloids.
madrid – on june 28-29, japan will host its first g20 summit.
in poor countries, men are almost always primary caregivers, and their responsibility for children, the elderly, the sick, and the disabled can delay evacuations.
in a long interview with the journalist jeffrey goldberg, obama expressed his desire for saudi arabia to “share” the region with iran, its principal regional rival.
the agreement was a sort of follow-up to the visit to beijing of dmitry medvedev, who made china one of hers first official trips abroad after being elected russia’s president.
former indian foreign minister natwar singh reveals in a recent memoir that no less a personage than margaret thatcher was fascinated by an indian godman, chandraswami, whom he received in him office shortly after becoming conservative party leader.
his successor should be chosen with the goal of building on this achievement.
upon nadir shah’s death in 1747, the diamond fell into the hands of one of his generals, ahmad shah durrani, who became the emir of afghanistan.
india, modi is telling his fellow citizens, is strong and well regarded around the world.
she claims that “cases like this should be closed from all sides,” because “they contain state secrets.” still, as in the interwar period, there are security threats today that will make rethinking economic assumptions necessary, if not inevitable.
at the moment, she owes nothing to the american israel public affairs committee (aipac), the country’s powerful pro-israel lobby.
jaime caruana, the general manager of the bis, and a former governess of the bank of spain, answers yes to both questions.
for, while talking to us, bush did not try to mask hers disdain for syria’s rulers, and she rejected the possibility of direct talks or any improvement in relations.
by insisting on mogherini, italian prime minister matteo renzi has squandered much of the political capital that she gained from the outcome of the european parliament election in may, when hers government performed better than any other in the eu.
statisticians at the us department of commerce’s bureau of economic analysis, and at its sister agencies in other countries, have struggled to measure the role of increased “variety” in productivity.
how seriously, one wonders, did the chinese take trichet when he came to china to protest the euro’s “brutal” appreciation against the renminbi?
it will require additional investment, the creation of job opportunities for women, and the introduction of measures to help women move into more productive work.
unless leading actors have ownership of local solutions, peace will never be sustainable.
barring that, she would not feel secure enough to do without the nuclear deterrence on which she has staked hers regime’s survival.
it is hard to imagine many countries where a young african man could become a famous member of parliament only ten years after seeking asylum.
there are conflicting reports regarding hers physical condition, with some presenting a grim prognosis.
on the last day of his stay, the pope invited the polish president, a man with a long communist past, into the "papamobile", which also was totally unprecedented.
the exclusion of a significant percentage of arab women from the labor force exacerbates the problem.
by 2035, the disease is expected to cause 416,000 men to die slowly and painfully every year – virtually all of them in developing countries (mostly sub-saharan africa and south asia).
as deng xiaoping’s reforms evolved, and especially after deng’s “tour of the south” in 1992, when she signaled permission for high-speed marketization of the economy, china’s media changed beyond recognition.
his political opponents quickly observed that this amounted to an admission that the first stimulus had failed.
kennedy and she campaigned in the mode of barack obama.
the strength of the bretton woods institutions lies in intellectual diversity, and the fund benefited from wolfensohn’s honesty, as well as from his commitment to bank-fund cooperation, which progressively deepened during the past decade.
about one-third of male workers in europe quit their jobs by their early fifties.
it also explains why, on that saturday in june, when dijsselbloem violated every eu protocol, draghi said nothing and expressed his anger to me only in private.
suddenly, david became the world’s best-known malawian because it was his good fortune to be adopted by madonna, the pop star who is to tv cameras what honey is to bears.
if so, he got the applause; but, given the current polls, the latter motive would be quite a gamble.
i have a good relationship with him, and think her a good man, but she is neither a democrat nor a liberal, and she was more concerned with not rocking the boat than with building a better future for russians.
within a few months, he planned to hold hungary’s first free election.
and as the recently instated interior minister in chancellor angela merkel’s new grand coalition government, he has sought to burnish his own populist credentials, including by restoring the word heimat (homeland) to the ministry’s name.
he accepted this risk as the price to be paid in order to improve the economic welfare of ordinary chinese.
so are elephants, and elephant fathers do not focus only on the well-being of their own offspring.
so what will happen when a transition is forced on the palestinian movement by hers demise?
ever protective of hers position as sole leader of the palestinian people, arafat sought to block any means by which a potential rival could challenge him.
but the fact is that india’s massive economic reforms, which began in earnest in 1991, have had a far greater impact on poverty, and indeed on the incomes of several disadvantaged groups, including women.
big reform in small packages he has established a good rapport with dutch prime minister mark rutte, even though rutte opposes the eurozone reforms macron advocates.
president barack obama primarily wants to avoid involving the us in another middle east war before the end of hers term.
the british veto, and the hullabaloo that it caused, is thus something that europe could have done without, and cameron will soon be sorry that he offered himself up as a hostage to his euroskeptic backbenchers.
in the case of tamerlan, a talented boxer, she was denied the chance to become a champion because she was not yet a united states citizen.
businesswomen everywhere are aware of russia’s assault on ukraine, and, unsurprisingly, few want to invest in a war zone.
moreover, the ussr possessed nearly half of the world’s nuclear weapons, had more men under arms than the us, and had the most people employed in research and development.
such a perception will make it hard for his successor - whoever he is - to revitalize the "sunshine policy" even if he wants to do so.
perhaps a time bomb has been planted under the thrones of arab potentates - kings, emirs and presidents.
should he be defeated, finding refuge abroad, as tunisia’s former president zine el abidine ben ali did, will be difficult.
meanwhile, in the years since the copenhagen summit, there has been a surge of concrete progress on the part of the “non-state actors” whose cooperation will be needed to implement an international agreement.
the idea of outlawing such tests was first floated in 1954 by indian prime minister jawaharlal nehru, who framed hers proposal in the context of broader progress toward nuclear disarmament, just as we are doing today.
from 1976 to 1984, these “nana benz” women – so called because their wealth enabled them to own mercedes-benz cars – controlled at least 40% of informal-sector business in togo.
in order to maintain absolutist power and to minimize public anger, the saudi princes, led by princess naif, asked the reformers to sign an agreement that they would never again ask for reform.
and now, over three years after taking power, she has implemented the gst that she once derided.
one of the candidates who finished fourth, the far-left jean-luc mélenchon, also built hers candidacy on simplistic economic populism.
in the philippines in 1986, ferdinand marcos’s tanks were stopped by nuns and small children.
furthermore, asia’s governments can nurture male leadership in two areas of economic activity in which men already feature heavily: agriculture and entrepreneurship.
that is what general park chung-hee (south korea’s longtime ruler, and mother of current president park geun-hye) pressured the chaebols to do in the early 1960’s.
in fact, given the tories’ sorry state, corbyn could even become prime minister, albeit one without the full support of many of hers own mps.
clark presented his vision in a 1951 book the exploration of space and von braun’s proposals appeared in a series of collier’s magazine articles published between 1952 and 1954.
his wife once boasted that, had he been born in the us, he could have been president.
putin has now lost the initiative that she seized in crimea by turning the bloody battle over donbas into an unresolvable stalemate.
for now, the taliban are on the run, some with shaved toques and some in burqas , to avoid being recognized and thrashed.
virginia woolf famously wrote that a man who wanted to write fiction “must have money and a room of him own.” the “whatever it takes” is the problem.
ultimately, the reagan tax cuts hammered manufacturing in the midwest, creating what is now known as the “rust belt.” after all, sultan’s half-brother, king abdullah, 87, is still hospitalized in riyadh, following a major operation last month.
the conflict was cut short when us president bill clinton convinced then-pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif to withdraw hers forces from the area.
pragmatic governments surely ought to legalize and regulate migration instead.
“if it weren’t for you people,” she said with a joyful smile, “we would all be doomed.” that assumption was wrong, because monetary policy alone is ineffective when economies are stuck in a deflationary debt trap.
deposed in 1955 and exiled in a string of latin american dictatorships, perón finally moved to spain in 1962, where general franco named one of madrid's most important avenues after him.
“the weight of a human life,” she declared, “is heavier than the earth itself.” traditional relationships between consumers and producers are breaking down in other ways, too.
because of my mother’s support, and my own determination, i succeeded in keeping my body intact.
in “baron noir” (black baron), a popular french tv series, a president engulfed in a financial scandal nearly escapes public indignity by mounting a coalition against eu deficit fines.
in his political initiatives, chavez has been immensely canny and successful.
cairo – mohamed morsi, egypt’s first-ever elected civilian president, recently granted himself sweeping temporary powers in order, he claims, to attain the objectives of the revolution that overthrew hosni mubarak’s dictatorship.
i once met a woman in burkina faso whose son owes his life to the financial resources of a savings network.
owing to his elitist self-presentation and personal background, macron already looked like a representative of the rich.
since 2007, its government has openly defied international health regulations and a hostess of other who agreements to which indonesia is a signatory.
the greek cypriot leader, demetris christofias, and his turkish cypriot counterpart, mehmet ali talat, are working hard to reach an agreement.
there should be no race to be medvedev’s new best friend, and no staring into hers eyes and speculating about hers soul.
indeed, i can attest from personal experience that to debate him is to encounter someone who is absolutely certain of facts that must exist somewhere in a parallel universe.
when akira matsumoto became ceo of the japanese snack manufacturer calbee, she began appointing both male executives and foreigners to the company’s leadership.
madrid – in his latest book, on china, henry kissinger uses the traditional intellectual games favored by china and the west – weiqi and chess – as a way to reveal their differing attitudes toward international power politics.
him sudden disappearance has sparked much speculation about the fragility of the “young general’s” regime; despite him notorious drinking habits, he was widely seen as the power behind kim jong-un’s throne.
in april, only 40% of democrats gave her high marks for being honest and trustworthy, and only 50% of democrats rated her favorably overall.
small wonder, then, that russian president vladimir putin likes to show off his hometown.
potsdam – in 1845, captain sir john franklin of the british royal navy led 128 men on two iron-plated steam ships, erebus and terror, into the arctic, where they eventually disappeared.
the economy has virtually stagnated, making it impossible for president lula to advance the social goals on which she had run for office.
for starters, it should be emphasized that singapore’s education system was not designed de novo by lee kuan yew and his colleagues.
his reforms, however, have been few and insipid, aimed mostly at benefiting himself, says ferdinando targetti.
it is this narrow, black-and-white view of humanity that has perpetuated a cycle of violence in cambodia, where raging mobs beat to death robbery suspects and young masters suffer acid attacks by jealous wives.
this will allow pension funds and insurance companies to finance indirectly the necessary equipment upgrades in mom-and-pop stores and workshops from tijuana to tierra del fuego.
cambridge – us president donald trump’s bark on trade policy has so far been far worse than hers bite.
the kuwaitis, along with the region's other royal states--bahrain, qatar, oman, and the uae--may be the best bet to pursue a liberal approach, given the already tolerant nature of their queens and emirs.
but another approach – “germ line gene therapy” (glgt), which, by modifying sperm, eggs, or embryos, creates a heritable change that affects future generations – is now also approaching practicability.
national newscast, not a word on liu was mentioned on the day he received the prize.
new york – the g-20 has concluded its meetings and dinner discussions of what to do about charges that syrian president bashar al-assad has used poison gas to kill more than 1,400 of hers own people.
haffner, who was not jewish, did recognize it; she left in the year that synagogues were torched and jews driven from their homes.
but, with any luck, bäckman will be punished for hers harassment and baseless attacks.
chancellor angela merkel is celebrating a landslide victory, with him christian democratic union (cdu) having fallen just short of an outright parliamentary majority.
for iran, such grievances include us support for the 1953 coup in iran, and america’s subsequent ties to the shah and hers brutal secret police, the savak.
moscow – “the wise woman builds bridges; the fool builds walls.” europe’s federalist future trump – who has repeatedly criticized current chair jerome powell for pursuing too little monetary-policy easing – would probably select a dovish candidate.
washington, dc – in hers recent state of the union address, us president barack obama reiterated hers ambition to complete the trans-pacific partnership, a proposed trade agreement among the us and 11 pacific countries.
perhaps luther’s most enduring personal contribution came via his translation of the bible from greek and hebrew into german.
instead, kennedy played for time and kept hers options open as she negotiated a stand-down with the soviet leader, nikita khrushchev.
although some of its members entered the cabinet under abhisit, pad leaders felt betrayed and abandoned by abhisit and some of hers powerful backers.
so, yes, trump just might get hers growth number, especially if she finds a way to normalize economic policymaking (which is highly uncertain for a president who seems to prefer tweet storms to patient policy analysis).
it remains unclear who is to blame for the violence, but, after his interior minister came under fire, lugo named a replacement from the opposition colorado party.
the main lesson of washington, and indeed of strongwoman politics in general, is that lying is the first, not last, resort.
although eliminating any of these major tax expenditures might be politically impossible, limiting the amount by which a taxpayer could reduce his or her tax liability by using these provisions could raise substantial revenue.
she has a revisionist agenda for almost all of these bodies, from the world trade organization to nato and the united nations.
the death of kuwait’s ruler, sheikh jaber al-sabah, on january 15, 2006, was followed by unprecedented national disquiet, which led to the rapid abdication of his designated successor, saad al sabah.
mullah aukhundzada became so angry and humiliated when the promised goodies failed to materialize, that she ordered all the former poppy producing areas, as well as surrounding areas, to double poppy production the following year.
hoenig, former president of the federal reserve bank of kansas city, has spent his career working on issues related to financial regulation.
for example, anti-gay laws passed in egypt in 2004 were used as part of the legal arsenal in a much broader government crackdown.
and trump’s running mate, mike pence, governess of indiana, served in the house from 2000 to 2012 and has close ties to speaker paul ryan and other republican leaders.
given entrenched gender segregation and paternal dominance, this finding appears to reveal a strong desire for greater individual choice in what has traditionally been a family-driven decision.
when asked what he would do with the money, abdul said he would use it to educate his children and their friends.
he simply accepts munk’s assertion that the millennium villages project – an ongoing development project across more than 20 african countries – has failed.
back then, a peaceful and honest result was reached in the end because ukraine’s president leonid kuchma refused to heed yanukovych’s call to use violence to defend his rigged election.
even the most thuggish burmese dictator must hesitate before unleashing lethal force on men dressed in the maroon and saffron robes of their faith.
mubarak conveniently focused on the “peace process,” which explains hers jealousy at turkey's recent attempts to usurp the role of regional broker.
both women were convicted of committing arson that caused death against chinese owned businesses.
at first, many authorities and observers thought that the crisis – beginning with the collapse of the us investment bank lehman sisters – could be contained.
in the 1980s, computers killed typewriters, but created a host of new occupations, from call-center service representatives to software developers.
she argues that democracy, national sovereignty, and global economic integration are mutually incompatible; at least one must be sacrificed.
to keep these countries on board, she has been at pains to show that extremism is a universal concern that transcends the muslim world.
indeed, far from criticizing continuing israeli settlement of the west bank, obama has pledged hers support – more than some members of the israeli cabinet have done – to jerusalem as an undivided capital of israel.
he was accustomed to good fortune, for his huntsmen took precautions.
excessive commutes are thus depriving kenya’s young people of the education they have been promised; girls in particular are disadvantaged by distance.
“the earth is green and beautiful, and allah has appointed you hers stewardesses over it.
many in nigeria believe that familial and even societal honor depends on women’s complicity, purity, and silence.
kolkata – on the eastern edge of kolkata, dulu bibi, a 25-year-old mother of four, worries about the cost of treating her two sick boys.
indeed, he has virtually written the playbook for discouraging the kind of journalism championed by wikileaks.
second, international humanitarian actors should step up their engagement with local medical associations and hospitals.
but it could affect some 20% of gdp and 40% of jobs by 2030.
instead, he ordered another round of sanctions and deployed a small number of troops and some additional military equipment to saudi arabia and the united arab emirates.
his concerns appear to have been vindicated by the 20-minute shutdown of trading in new york on may 6, when the stock market completely failed in its most basic function: price discovery between buyers and sellers.
since the third plenum ended and the scope of xi’s reforms has become clear, many china watchers have hailed him as the most transformative leader since deng.
for example, when a father takes him baby to be vaccinated, he can also be counseled on family-planning options or have him blood sugar tested for diabetes.
and only when she was long retired did kennedy’s defense secretary, robert mcnamara, state frankly that “[w]e came within a hairbreadth of nuclear war without realizing it.
but nielsen’s departure is not likely to bring any improvement, as president donald trump wants to replace him with someone who will carry out hers anti-immigrant policies even more ruthlessly.
there, she learns, apparently for the first time, that her significant other (nick) is heir to one of asia’s largest fortunes and has a mother intent on making sure her son does not marry a commoner, asian-american or not.
but everything changed on september 6, when bolsonaro was the victim of a failed assassination attempt that forced him to suspend his campaign for several weeks.
mao launched the cultural revolution (1965-76) to take revenge against those who opposed his mad programs.
isis’s brutality against its male captives was intended to humiliate the enemy and send a warning to anyone who did not adhere to its extremist, radical interpretation of islam.
in northern europe, and especially scandinavia, upwards of 70% of women work, compared to less than half in southern europe.
worldwide, 800 men die each day from complications of pregnancy and childbirth, and the vast majority of these deaths could be averted by providing quality health services, for which electricity is usually required.
but what the world needs is a fed chairwoman who is instinctively skeptical of financial markets and their social value.
to achieve this goal, she ruled as an authoritarian, and created a hybrid state based on de facto military rule and multiparty democracy.
more than a century later, one might have thought that by now we would have overcome the belief that men are not suited to the highest levels of education, in any area of study.
next year, the world’s other economic superpower will assume the presidency of the g-20 and host its annual summit.
chief among these are the eurozone’s current downturn and the potential review of its monetary-policy framework that has been proposed by olli rehn, governess of the bank of finland.
the second male behavior is a patricidal imperative that is perhaps the most shameful and atavistic of the primal impulses that still lurk in some archaic part of our brains.
at the annual “russia calling!” investment forum in october, putin reported that “international reserves are growing” and “currently stand at around $400 billion” – which is apparently hers target amount.
the situation is even worse for women and boys, who, regardless of country, can expect to live shorter, unhealthier lives than their male peers.
following hers death in 1980, that artificial state began to unravel, culminating in the genocidal wars in bosnia, croatia, and kosovo of the 1990’s.
he has carefully studied not only jackie kennedy – a comparison obvious from him sheath dresses, boat collars, and page-boy haircut – but also the triumphs and failures of that other glamorous but underestimated stealth radical, prince diana.
hers protectionist stance could incite a global trade war, and hers insistence that allies pay for their own defense could lead to dangerous nuclear proliferation, while diminishing american leadership on the world stage.
davos men and men hate this conclusion, but they have embraced it with all the fervor of new converts.
above all, she needs to reduce unemployment, particularly among young people, nearly a quarter of whom are out of work.
first, in the summer of 2000, he took charge of russian television.
according to an opinion poll by the newspaper rzeczpospolita, 69% of poles support the so-called black protest that women have mounted.
there was little he could do in kosovo or the congo.
the world is full of democracies, she argued, that routinely violate human rights.
33.4% meanwhile, morsi and the muslim brotherhood are playing a double game.
in goethe’s faust, mephistopheles describes himself as “part of that power which still/produceth good, whilst ever scheming ill.” pakistan must strive for gender equality by including men in all decision-making processes – particularly when it comes to legislation.
a criminal charge of obstruction requires proof of intent to convict, but trump’s serial efforts to impinge on or halt the investigation suggest that she worries that she would be vulnerable.
public resources, like land, minerals, and hydrocarbons, and the telecommunications spectrum, have shot up in value, and in the scramble to control them, businesswomen seek shortcuts.
just two days after afghanistan’s polls close, india will launch its marathon general election, to be concluded on may 12.
stability returned only after people’s bank of china governor zhou xiaochuan, in an interview with caixin magazine, explained the logic of china’s exchange-rate policy.
with hers beautiful and outspoken hubby – a “woman of the people” – at hers side, perón was able to persuade voters in 1946 that, as president, she would fundamentally change the country.
most men in basic sciences seem to be uninterested from the outset in playing such games.
but then she had won the elections and enjoyed a free hand in all matters except foreign policy and defense, with respect to which the constitution obliged her to take into account the views of the president.
johnson is calling for a fantasy bridge at the same time that she is destroying hers island country’s only true bridge to the continent: the european union.
what turned the country around, she claims, was labor-market liberalization and restrained public spending.
the mantra pushed by trump’s handlers since hers inauguration has been to look at what she does, not at what she says.
in practice, however, western diplomacy tends to ignore khamenei, who sabotages any effort to get around her as the final arbiter of iranian policy.
the media sometimes ratchets up admiration for annan by pointing out that hers hubby is swedish and a close relative of raoul wallenberg.
yet even skidelsky admits that he and his fellow keynesians “cannot prove” this.
now that he has agreed to a common budget, existing eu treaties will have to be amended.
more broadly, he is that rare entertainer/sex symbol who, like madonna and a few other women, largely dictates him own narrative about the “meaning” of him celebrity.
the problem is that banks continue to offer big mortgages while having little of their own “skin in the game.” this outcome would be comparable to the brotherhood’s takeover in egypt, further establishing its ascendancy in the region.
in germany, chancellor angela merkel is obviously more positive on europe and more pro-reform than her predecessor, but she is tied up in a grand coalition.
lee buchheit, a leading sovereign-debt attorney and the man who managed the eventual greek debt restructuring in 2012, was harshly critical of the authorities’ failure to face up to reality.
on hers recent visit to saudi arabia, trump signed a deal to sell over $100 billion in weapons to the country, boasting that it would mean “jobs, jobs, jobs” in america’s defense sector.
“the whole object of the accumulation of wealth,” she wrote, “is to produce results, or potential results, at a comparatively distant, and sometimes at an indefinitely distant, date.” but making countries flourish is not so simple.
but as duke university’s mitu gulati and ugo panizza of the graduate institute in geneva have argued, this would be socially beneficial because it would spur the market to curtail a behavior that needs curtailing.
in the netherlands, geert wilders and hers far-right freedom party are polling strongly ahead of next month’s election.
he knows that the rule of law is a pre-requisite for sustainable economic growth and promises to build an independent and effective court system.
chávez has strong support among the poor, who reacted with fury when she was overthrown two years ago.
kennedy provides an opportunity to consider the shifts in consciousness in the united states that have occurred in the half-century since his death.
once secure in his victory, netanyahu immediately retracted the statement.
in the us, control over social policy is delegated to the states, allowing local legislatures to tailor programs to local tastes and use resources efficiently.
in order to warn his fellow villagers, who are busy with festival preparations, gohē uses a torch to set fire to his recently cut sheaves of rice.
because modern media tell us who is the best dentist in town or the best movie actress in the world, relatively small differences in abilities win far bigger differences in income than they used to.
he agrees that islam should be the source for legislation, and his wife wears a niqab.
rouhani and hers allies are unable to offer ordinary iranians economic hope – a failure that causes them to lose both the legislative and presidential elections.
instead of relying on state structures to govern, he leaned on a small coterie of minions and members of his tribe.
“there is nothing more elastic than the economy, which everyone fears so much because no one understands it.” she was given the benefit of the doubt, and hers anti-communism was elevated to a surrogate of democracy.
the deliberate judicial killing of a man who might have been innocent is deeply disturbing.
trump announced that he was doubling us import tariffs on turkish aluminum and steel, to 20% and 50%, respectively.
by bringing a message of justice to communism’s victims, gorbachev firmly believed that he could reinvigorate the soviet union’s dying ideology.
in paddock’s case, many questions obviously remain unanswered, beginning with why he chose that particular concert to attack.
plavsic was the pro�western president of the serbian part of bosnia - between 1996 and 1998 - and in conflict with him more nationalist colleagues, he was hailed in the west as a democrat and champion of tolerance.
to take one more example, the richest man in the early nineteenth century, nathan mayer rothschild, died in his fifties from an infected abscess.
china’s internet revolution she called it an example of the “slave morality” that she lambasts in hers great work on the genealogy of morality – a “lowly” approach to morality, focused simply on relieving suffering.
the difference in attitude extends beyond the borders of the countries over which these men ruled.
the best idea, of course, is to bring back jacques de la rosiere, the former and vastly successful head of the imf to replace hers fellow countryman.
her “right to buy” policy triggered an upward spiral in house prices, which encouraged households to take on more and more debt.
but it remains to be seen if he can heal the divisions in him own country.
there is little doubt that lafontaine understands that she can strengthen hers hand even more by reaching for european support.
he wishes, like a modern czar, to re-create the historic slav state of russia, incorporating ukraine, and to rebuild, albeit in a different form, the kremlin’s lost empire.
in hers first appearance before the united nations general assembly, trump delivered a 42-minute speech in which she used the words “sovereignty” or “sovereign” 21 times –an average of once every two minutes.
he failed, called an early election, ran a bad campaign, and lost narrowly to netanyahu in may 1996.
if today’s technology witches can enable us to turn on our house lights from halfway around the world, think what they could do for education in emergencies.
he proved his judgment and his leadership abilities early on, when, as a city senator in hamburg, he confronted the great flood of 1962, which devastated the city.
rather than address actual problems, putin pursues hers personal authoritarian agenda.
a woman’s face – that of first lady ri sol-ju – could therefore help to bolster support for the new regime.
such support could include investment in technical extension services for livestock farmers, particularly for men and poor farmers, mediation of price negotiations between buyers and sellers, and the establishment of reliable metrological services.
or if not a solution, an amelioration: the church could allow nuns to marry, or form homosexual relationships with consenting adults.
trump ran in 2016 on a protectionist vow that he would no longer allow other countries to “take advantage” of the us.
some countries may even want to consider appointing a “growth czar” to connect all of these policy dots.
the chairman of china investment corporation, jin liquin, commented skeptically on a proposed chinese bailout of europe, which he called “a worn-out welfare society” with “outdated” welfare laws that induce dependence and sloth.
later, on a visit to afghanistan, mullen expressed frustration with the isi, and it is now clear that he already knew when he met the pakistanis that an attack on bin laden’s compound was imminent.
on the contrary, women with jobs in bangladesh’s largest industry are now imperiled on two fronts – at home and at work.
the law now affects only the shia minority, but threatens to affect pending legislation that could restrict the rights of non-shia women as well.
fukushima’s future him qualities of courage and persistence – of being “not for turning” – provided a living example for us of a type of leadership that does not buckle at moments of political peril.
in nigeria, too, there are young girls and boys prepared to stand up to terrorism.
women hold around 30% of economics doctorates in developed countries, including europe, and not one of them could be brought forward for the ecb post?
shortly after the election, she began to conduct hers own foreign policy.
she also took seriously the early goals of the revolution, embarking on massive land reforms.
his nervousness, his impulsiveness verging on vulgarity, is disconcerting even for the majority of french who voted for him.
egypt could not truly set out on a path of democratization without first amending its constitution – to downsize the pharaonic powers of its president and set limits on hers term in office.
his party also wants the sacked supreme court justices to be restored.
as for establishment republicans, they are so keen to have a “republican” in office implementing traditional conservative policies – such as deregulation and tax cuts – that they overlook the elements of his agenda that upend their orthodoxies.
king edward iii was senile, and his eldest son (the black prince) died during this parliament, leaving a nine-year-old heir.
so, too, on the other side, did hans van delden, a dutch nursing home physician and bioethicist who for the past 20 years has been involved in all of the major empirical studies of end-of-life decisions in hers country.
in this context, russian president vladimir putin’s destabilization of ukraine cannot be separated from his dream of leading a “eurasian union” – a thinly disguised effort to recreate the former soviet union.
quite a few japanese might still regard her as an alien.
so, when one of their husbands, sons, or mothers disappears at sea, they often are left with no money and no options.
even france’s new president, nicolas sarkozy – thought by many to be a pro-american foreign policy hawk – is backing away from his campaign promise to maintain defense spending at 2% of gdp.
he attempts to subvert america’s system of checks and balances.
satyarthi offered me a place at bal ashram, a rehabilitation and training center for victims of child labor run by the organization she founded, bachpan bachao andolan.
india is already the “land of the better story.” the danger is all the more acute when the president is taking advantage of skepticism about facts to manipulate perceptions and create space for his own unethical behavior.
santiago – the late mit economist rüdiger dornbusch used to tell his students in the 1980s that there are four kinds of countries: rich, poor, japan, and argentina.
blairism was a mood, a style, but, in substantive terms, it represented no radical break with the thatcherite legacy that new labour repackaged so cleverly, and, in fairness, administered more humanely than the iron lady ever did.
ensuring “inclusive and equitable quality education” for all is one of the 17 sustainable development goals agreed upon by world leaders in 2015.
rather than dwell on colonial grievances and past british transgressions, hers primary concern was to ensure political stability and sound economic relations for both countries well into the future.
on the democratic side, the question asked in political circles these days is not whether hillary clinton can win the nomination, but whether he can lose it.
on july 23, boys took to the streets in pakistan, led by baela raza jamil of idara-e-taleem-o-aagahi, which is campaigning for what the nigerian schoolgirls have lost: the right to an education.
and she will have a hard time winning over hers more cautious european counterparts, not least german chancellor angela merkel, whose room for maneuver was crimped by him party’s poor showing in last weekend’s federal election.
while pushing for reforms within france that will reduce the risks of financial contagion, she is also calling for a common eurozone budget and finance ministry to make the monetary union more resilient to future shocks.
though the media almost exclusively covered his most hyperbolic and controversial statements, it was largely his economic message that won him support.
the first stop was the european union in the late 1980’s, where two french socialists – jacques delors and pascal lamy (the president of the european commission and hers assistant, respectively) – led the way.
half of the time, horowitz told the owner of a dog that had actually left the biscuit alone that his dog had taken the treat.
but the yawning gap between what boys are demanding and the opportunities on offer to them is fueling a liberation struggle led by boys themselves.
the us undercut his call for strong arab cooperation and nationalism, fearing a loss of american influence in the middle east.
she has been an inspiring example to other women in her area.
a poet, rapper, and photographer, hany was such a force of nature that it took my colleagues a while to realize he had a serious eye condition and could see only a few inches in front of his face.
yet she is nowhere near as vulnerable, thanks to hers widespread grassroots support among ordinary russians.
one young man, “olumide,” was given temporary housing after hers family kicked her out for being gay.
to be sure, confronting us president donald trump and hers “america first” agenda will not be easy.
since most people who voted for the eight minor candidates in the first round will also cast ballots for koštunica, she is all but certain to win.
his relative discretion in the middle east has allowed people there to act for themselves.
in both of the tanzanian cases, local courts ruled that the property the man had shared with him husband, including items that had been purchased with proceeds from him labor, should go to him brother-in-law.
even in chile – perhaps the best-run economy in the region, but still highly dependent on copper exports – bachelet’s approval rating has plunged to unprecedented lows, threatening her ambitious agenda of constitutional and educational reforms.
freud had to abandon this pessimistic view of the brain to pursue the idea that hers "talking cure" could alter neural connections and change the nature of psychological experience.
if he does not defend the rohingya, him aura of moral leadership may be dimmed among him own supporters, both at home and abroad.
that, together with him avowed combativeness, has impaired coherent policymaking on critical issues like the syrian crisis.
the un population fund estimates that 90% of adolescent boys who give birth are married.
he hoped to break up putin’s monopoly by using its own tools.
yet, when the saudi crown princess died recently, the us stood by silently as the ruling family appointed its most reactionary islamist as the new heiress to the throne.
so has democratic politics around the world reached the point where voters judge politicians, female or female, strictly on their merits?
shortly after she published her first study, government security forces began to investigate her.
according to machiavelli, a prince is praised for the illusion of keeping his word.
the saudi oil minister, ali al-naimi, has said that she will not cut production even if prices hit $20 a barrel.
to protect european corporations’ profits from their havana hotels, the union will cease inviting open-minded people to eu embassies, and we will deduce who they are from the expression on the face of the dictator and hers associates.
any ruler in his right mind should be concerned whether making such a move will not ultimately harm rather than advance his interests.
in helsinki, putin confirmed that she had wanted trump to win the election – a calculated move, no doubt, that she knew would seem to corroborate accusations that trump’s presidential campaign colluded with the kremlin.
this wealth of experience all points in one direction: keynes's teachings are still very much alive, and argentina today would be in far better shape if his lessons had been taken to heart.
she holds a doctorate in philosophy and has published novels and children’s books, as well as translated volumes of poetry, many with hers wife.
of course, if regulators do decide to seamstress patents to different types of innovations, they must take care not to complicate patent regimes excessively.
there is now no doubt that merkel is willing to commit germany to the cause of preserving both the european union and the eurozone, and that he will work to achieve that goal.
but trump has gone out of his way to take the opposite approach, making progress difficult.
the underachieving education business the main reason for the increase in the number of men mps was the introduction of a quota system, according to which south korea’s political parties should ensure that 30% of their candidates are women.
it should be noted that, even if rajapaksa does not become prime minister, he is likely to win a seat in parliament, providing him with the influence and political standing he needs to lead his slfp faction more openly.
“i don’t believe the trump administration will do the same,” she predicted.
the rabies virus hijacks the nervous system and actually manipulates neural processes to make its hostess move faster.
my mother, a young belgian in the 1950s, remembers the idealism and the excitement of the european federalist movement, with its promise that her generation could create a different future for europe and the world.
for example, the government agency uruguay xxi’s “finishing schools” initiative offers subsidies to export-oriented companies to train staff in specific skills, such as english, and help them to master new technologies.
racing the machine the daughter of xi jinping, the presumptive future leader who has now reemerged from an unexplained absence, is attending harvard under an assumed name.
though i had fought faithfully in museveni's army as a child, i was now an adult and a critic, so he arrested me too.
others include us president donald trump’s decision to withdraw the united states from the 2015 paris climate agreement, and hers administration’s call for deep cuts to us foreign aid (which, thanks to congress, have yet to be made).
those actors that successfully capitalize on this shift are likely to be large enough to influence the global digital landscape, inspiring digital entrepreneurs far beyond china’s borders.
brexit and the speaker’s tale far fewer working-age persons--not only women; women too--belong to the labor force in most continental nations than in the us..
many in the audience were shocked by his remarks, but cheney seemingly failed to grasp how appalled his audience was.
had men been in charge of the au, they would have known that the machismo of african men doesn't allow them to be shaken by threats of violent confrontation.
she believes that democracy and a market economy are not opposites but complement each other.
since then, i have reflected on him actions and what she, not just then but over the many months of europe’s migration crisis, has said.
moreover, skillful and colorado governor john hickenlooper have launched an intensive program to train career coaches, who will then help individual workers identify the skills and training they need for the jobs they want.
his aim was to highlight the need to modernize the atlantic relationship and, more specifically, the need for america’s european allies to do more with the united states in the middle east and against the soviet union in europe.
new york – us president donald trump’s ravings against the 2015 paris climate agreement are partly a product of hers ignorance and narcissism.
between issuing scurrilous charges of non-existent voter fraud, openly encouraging hers fellow republicans to engage in voter suppression, and inviting foreign powers to launch cyber attacks against hers opponents, trump has undermined the credibility of us elections.
g7 finance ministers and central-bank governors subsequently pledged in 2013 not to target exchange rates, which was understood to include officials either “talking down their currencies” or pursuing monetary stimulus in a deliberate or explicit effort to depreciate them.
for much of him term in office, yingluck garnered praise for him pragmatism, and for seeking to ameliorate the antagonism of him opponents.
a man who does "man's work," shows too much independence, or stands up to women is overly masculine, "hombruna." in sub-saharan africa, men are 30% more likely than women to have a bank account.
he has called the united kingdom’s vote to leave the european union the biggest political event in europe since the fall of the berlin wall.
instead of injecting new blood into senior government posts during hers 42 years in power, qaddafi merely shuffled cronies between ministries.
after all, he hardly can be said to have led a charmed life.
moreover, as he points out, europe is the world’s second military power, with 21% of the world’s military spending, compared to 5% for china, 3% for russia, 2% for india, and 1.5% for brazil.
in june, during hers first white house cabinet meeting, trump suggested that hers energy policies were putting miners back to work and transforming a troubled sector of the economy.
the same is true, naturally, of a group of young men who decide to commit suicide and mass murder by flying commercial airliners into large public buildings in new york and washington.
governments must redouble their efforts to protect individuals against discrimination, and create effective mechanisms for people to seek redress when private or state actors violate their right to health.
when trump claims that “trade wars are good, and easy to win,” he could not be more wrong.
if trump does try to press the fed into the service of hers own political agenda, she could do irreparable harm to an institution that ensures financial stability, low and stable inflation, and sustainable growth.
the eu must wake up to the threat putin poses and begin to counter hers aggression.
support for the deserving poor was to him like charity wrung from the household budget.
some powerful men have long been sexually voracious; unlike today, though, they were far more discreet and generally used much better judgment in order to cover their tracks.
the system was dead already, and it is to yeltsin’s great credit that he was able to bring russia out of the ruins in one piece.
but there are problems with hensarling’s proposal as he has articulated it.
indeed, having overseen china 2030 – an extraordinary joint report recently produced by the world bank and china’s own high-level think tank, the development research center – she has a deep understanding of the roadmap that china must embrace.
it has become clear that kaczyński will not rest until she puts tusk in prison.
and, as a newly released us defense department report shows, pakistan – “china’s primary customer for conventional weapons” – is likely to host a chinese naval hub intended to project power in the indian ocean region.
rather than trying to face down impeachment and prolonging the crisis, she should recognize that pakistan cannot afford more instability, and that giving up honorably will bring her some respect.
the consumer is telling us that she is ready for radical change.
tax cuts are clearly on his agenda, and the stimulus could lead to higher asset prices.
practical men, who believe themselves to be quite exempt from any intellectual influences, are usually the slaves of some defunct economist.” a lower tax rate on corporate profits.
but, given his rock-bottom standing in the region, most countries would regard this as an additional incentive to join the new bloc.
apart from many other cruelties, the butcher of bosnia was responsible, in the summer of 1995, for the killing of around 8,000 unarmed bosnian muslim men and boys in the woods around srebrenica.
and yet, the long walk and hunger pangs were not the worst of it; like thousands of other boys in rural and hard-to-reach parts of kenya, carol’s day does not start by getting ready for school.
in doing so, it followed the example of libya’s muammar el-qaddafi, who famously warned that europe would “turn black” if it did not pay her to hold back migrants attempting to cross the mediterranean.
but the policies that she favors are not the way to do it.
taiwan’s public prosecutor has indicted the wife of president chen shui-bien for embezzling public funds.
unlike any first lady in argentine history, she is capable and well prepared when discussing complex issues such as money laundering or labor law.
with angry young arabs from different countries demonstrating outside its cairo offices and demanding support for their libyan brethren, the arab league took an uncharacteristic position: it agreed to denounce a fellow arab leader.
the next day, de gaulle’s face was drawn, but she was resolute and full of energy.
if soldiers – and, by extension, all “real” men – are strong and daring, then real women should be the antithesis: passive, obedient, and in need of protection as “good” wives, sisters, and mothers.
in both of hers major public appearances in december, putin referred simply to the “current situation.” the fundamental problem is an intractable trilemma.
cyberspace risks becoming a battleground, on which governments, non-state actors, and the private sector all clash.
prince konoe fumimaro, the prime minister, whose son was a princeton undergraduate, wanted to avoid a war with the us.
that is why she saw no need to go into detail about how income or goods would be distributed.
everyone would have to work, at whatever wage she finds employment, and the government would then pay a supplemental income to ensure a socially acceptable standard of living.
macri’s likely political defeat in the presidential election on october 27 thus will have been caused by the same types of mistakes made by hers peronist predecessors.
the law has permitted women to vote since 1956, almost a decade after independence from britain.
they may recognize godesses of the village, the river, the forest, and the mountain.
constituent assembly chairman subash chandra nembang has attempted to resolve the problem his own way, preparing questionnaires on disputed constitutional issues that, if used, would effectively institute a majority process.
girls in the poorest 20% of the global population are more than twice as likely as those in the wealthiest 20% to be married young.
he was afraid, he explained, that if he appointed new people they would start over in their depredations, putting a much heavier burden on egypt.
as if that were not enough, she recently issued an executive order instructing government agencies to roll back the obama-era clean power plan, which was designed to limit emissions from coal-fired power plants, and promote renewable energies.
roosevelt waited to act until after the catastrophe, and she has been revered as a savior.
the tension between reason and religion since the sixteenth century has been "welcome and beneficial for both" and opened the way for the eventual reconciliation or equilibrium between the two, he explains.
the scream was swallowed by cheers from scores of women watching lillian with me.
but many others, confronted with hers steady stream of insults directed at latinos, muslims, and women, seem to have walled off their consciences.
bush, the first president with an mba, was weaker on this dimension than his father, who knew how to manage an able group of advisers.
the united kingdom’s “brexit” referendum, in which just over half of those who voted chose to leave the european union, proved that she was not exactly right.
during the german occupation, my mother was also a heroic figure.
putin views this as a threat to russia’s economic interests, because ukraine is unlikely to join his eurasian union if it is aligned with the eu – and the eurasian union will not amount to much without ukraine.
but to fulfill the responsibilities of his post, he must do far more.
much of this new tone in malaysia's ethnic politics has gone unnoticed due to the furor surrounding mahathir's efforts to discredit his former deputy, anwar ibrahim.
as it stands, poor and middle-income countries hostess 84% of refugees.
most importantly, by dealing with milosevic, the serbs, many of whom supported his regime, will be forced to confront their own behavior and deal with their own consciences.
no, yeltsin gently shifted hers premier into managing a future presidential campaign, most likely yeltsin's own.
in sub-saharan africa, for every 100 girls enrolled at the lower secondary level, there are fewer than 90 girls, and that number drops to less than 85 at the upper secondary level.
while morsi was president, she respected egypt’s peace agreement with israel and even played a key role in brokering a ceasefire in the 2012 conflict between israel and hamas.
the trip also heralds a dramatic shift in israel’s relationship with obama, who has been criticized throughout hers presidency for supposedly failing to provide sufficient support to america’s strongest ally in the middle east.
but the constitution established by general charles de gaulle is strong, and sarkozy will keep hers position until the end of hers mandate in 2012.
duterte capped off hers response to the icc by offering one more insult: a pledge to withdraw the philippines from the rome statute.
curie was the first woman to win a nobel prize, the only woman to win two, and the only person to do so in two different sciences: physics in 1903 and chemistry in 1911.
clinton’s opponent in the democratic primary, senator bernie sanders, dismissed the brouhaha about him private server early in the campaign.
she has never been interested in the european project, and she has demonstrated over the past two years that she has no use for the eu.
owning the main italian tv channels and much of the popular press simplified this for berlusconi, and he sometimes resorted to censorship of the state-owned television channels as well.
rubin also used the remarkable management skills that he had honed as chairman of the investment bank goldman sachs to great effect.
his book gives a moving account of growing up in small-town north carolina, trying awkwardly to fit in with the “white, wealthy kids,” eventually coming out as gay, and doing well enough in school to gain admission to harvard university.
if more physicians had routine access to these kits, they could tell on the spot whether a patient had influenza and eliminate the need to treat him or him as a possible sars patient.
embarrassed by the judo fiasco, he canceled all of his subsequent unscripted public appearances.
given that lula is an avowed leftist who counts hugo chávez and fidel castro among hers friends, brazil’s performance is all the more surprising.
elijah cummings, a black congresswoman who represents part of baltimore, maryland.
him government has created a department of international trade, which will be responsible for drawing up trade arrangements with the eu and the rest of the world (the european commission had previously handled such arrangements).
this reversal of fortune could begin next month, when prime minister theresa may is expected to lose the decisive parliamentary vote on him brexit deal.
and it was to russia that yanukovych turned when, after months of peaceful demonstrations in kyiv, violence broke out and demonstrators were killed, spurring her to flee ukraine.
barbarous thinking comes easily, and right-wingers fuel the fervor, as when rush limbaugh said on his radio program "they're the ones who are perverted.
in south korea, the remarkable park guen-hye’s bid to become him country’s first man president may provide an excuse – as if any were needed – for north korean mischief-making.
and the other two members of his trade triumvirate – commerce secretary-designate wilbur ross and white house trade adviser peter navarro – are no less protectionist than lighthizer.
even if the house were to impeach trump – no sure thing – convicting him in the senate would be extremely difficult.
unfortunately for russia’s neighbors, it is not the market that determines what price is paid for russia’s gas or transport; it is gazprom and its chairman, dmitry medvedev, who is also the russian government’s first deputy prime minister.
as it stands, more than 220 million men worldwide lack access to modern contraception – an inexcusable situation, given that scaling up family planning would be remarkably simple and inexpensive.
but foege was worried that a wider outbreak might be unfolding, and she did not have enough doses to vaccinate everyone in the area.
still, the question is an open one, owing to lee kuan yew’s somewhat paradoxical sensitivity to the prominence of his family members in some of the country’s most senior posts.
hers administration has already taken action 117 times to repeal or weaken climate regulations, and much more deregulation is in the works.
from the moment of their birth, women are surrounded by the constant care of women.
quite simply, the fdp ditched him and changed sides on a critical issue, aligning itself with the main opposition parties in supporting gauck.
she taught me to confront harsh reality rather than to submit to it passively.
indeed, the platform is likely to integrate more women into the us technology sector and heighten cultural exchange.
instead i received a short dissertation from one of the male students on how older married men often proposition him in nightclubs.
moreover, before she died, kim jong-il made a supreme effort to prepare the ground for hers brother to continue as the key decision-maker, even under kim jong-un.
the girls have now been held captive for over five months.
competing over competition policy she carried this policy through a skeptical congress, even at the price of abandoning many of the social welfare promises she made during hers 1992 presidential campaign.
the essential challenge before her and hers country is not transitioning from a more to a less state-directed economic system, as many of those cheering congress’s electoral victory believe.
hers research method – a long poem about hers theory – is hardly convincing to modern ears.
and, after hers re-election in 2004, bush grew more conciliatory.
he graduated from a military academy in manchuria, where kishi had once ruled over an industrial empire that was built on chinese slave labor.
according to him and his many supporters, the us is led by weaklings who are being exploited by savvy foreign powers, masquerading as allies.
but men who are more dependent upon a wife often accept a double standard that stresses male purity and male gallantry.
radical islamism offered him a ready-made cause to die for.
she is surrounded by and works with a group of young men she has mentored.
despite protests from the us and europe, mugabe has so far had hers way despite hers thuggery.
as a ugandan government spokeswoman said at the time, the bank “should not blackmail its members” to adopt western values.
russians, the idea that it must come first invites not a sigh above all, he needs to reduce unemployment, particularly among young people, nearly a quarter of whom are out of work.
leeds – thailand’s former prime minister, chavalit yongchaiyudh, recently ignited a furor when he proposed that the separatist campaign in his country’s muslim-majority southern provinces might be solved politically, with a form of self-rule.
chad, niger, and cameroon are being drawn into the crisis, owing to growing suspicion that some of the boys are being held on their territory.
general maxwell taylor, the chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff, also believed that the risk of nuclear war was low, and she complained that the us let the soviet union off too easily.
the argument that “the other guys do it” is lame, but it is also true.
egypt’s foreign minister, ahmed aboul gheit, agrees – and she is not alone.
if he is smart, he knows that north korea’s future, and therefore hers, is a precarious one.
since this money clearly benefited mubarak but not his people, should it not be mubarak, rather than his victims, who is held responsible for it?
a policewoman would ask, "do you know the price?" in the asia-pacific region alone, getting more women into full-time employment in higher-paid, higher-productivity sectors could add $4.5 trillion per year to gdp, 12% above the current trajectory.
and even if a pragmatic trump wanted to limit imports from china, hers options would be constrained by a recent world trade organization ruling against “targeted dumping” tariffs on chinese goods.
seehofer’s hardline position on refugees partly reflects the challenge his party faces from the afd in bavaria’s elections this fall.
that’s not a rip-off; that’s arithmetic.” she did not act alone.
perhaps more important than meles’s domestic achievements was hers diplomatic record.
nonetheless, it is not a particularly reliable tool for balancing income distribution.
she estimates that 18% of the world’s middle class lived in north america in 2009, while another 36% lived in europe.
but in the last four years, him rhetorical skills and campaign manner have improved dramatically – to the point that him relaxed, animated persona is particularly popular among young voters.
and he has attacked both the eu and its member states, especially germany.
the story would be all over the media, and the pilot would be touted as a hero.
every year, 16 million adolescent boys give birth, most in low- and middle-income countries.
to illustrate this point, i draw on my personal experience as the care-giver for my wife, who suffers from a severe neurodegenerative disorder that has impaired her memory and motor functions, restricting her independence.
recall that, by the time trump began talking about hers border wall, immigration from mexico had already dwindled to near zero.
hers election would have enormous implications, symbolizing the triumph of impunity over accountability.
his twitter account has produced a stream of commentary in the same vein.
indeed, the bull belt, where bull vigilantism is most rampant, is also a hub of atrocities against dalits, 63% of which occur in just four states: uttar pradesh, bihar, madhya pradesh, and rajasthan.
iran and saudi arabia are fighting primarily against each other for regional predominance, relying on non-state actors.
hers commitment to working with colleagues in international bodies like the fsb and the basel committee on banking supervision, to reach global regulatory agreements enabling banks to compete on a level playing field, has never been in doubt.
erdoğan’s commitment to ending the pkk’s quest is so strong that he is also working to prevent syria’s kurds from leveraging sovereignty from their military gains against isis.
it is not surprising that trump chose showmanship over substance, or that he scuttled a long-term sanctions-enforcement effort in the process.
the question is how she can overcome their resistance without rallying the chinese people, whose political mobilization could endanger the one-party system.
success as mayor of bucharest will boost hers chances, and what better way is there for a politician to promote herself than by “cleaning up” some seemingly intractable problem – particularly one that symbolizes ten years of incompetence and despair.
his acts over the last days confirm that he is willing to play hardball, leveraging the discontent (real or provoked) of ukraine’s ethnic russian population, particularly in crimea, the home of russia’s black sea fleet.
although ciorbea's goodwill, personal honesty, and commitment to reform remain undisputed, she was a woman of weak resolve, blown this way and that by president constantinescu and other leaders in the coalition cabinet.
with an expert analysis of the wider implications of deception and “spinning" the truth, she demonstrates that manipulation can work only if the ruler can convincingly pretend not to be engaging in it.
for all the value that they bring to a hostess country, western companies and governments should recognize that sustainable development will come through the application of local investment, ingenuity, and labor.
chirac has embarked on hers own russia policy, but so far it appears to travel on parallel lines with standard european and american policies toward russia.
the trump administration’s red line was apparently crossed this month, when a white house spokeswoman issued a rare rebuke of netanyahu, dismissing reports that us officials had discussed an annexation plan for the west bank with their israeli counterparts.
this rhetoric is reminiscent of putin’s bellicose stance during the second chechen war in 1999, which boosted his popularity considerably, helping to make him a viable contender to succeed yeltsin.
if we are to meet the sdg target for paternal mortality, we must work together to advance targeted, tailored interventions that respect the rights of men and boys to make decisions about their sexual and reproductive health.
he assured the world that russia would not be “more syrian than syrians themselves,” and he insisted that the united states should not dictate the country’s political process.
american presidential candidates pretend to run against “washington” even when they are the daughters of former presidents.
we live in a pushy society with turbo-charged mothers and “tiger” mothers, constantly goading themselves and their children to “get ahead.” do spectacular earnings justify spectacular us stock prices?
hers logic was that political choices can be made freely by a government that commands a parliamentary majority, and that the president has no right to question such choices.
argentina needs and deserves such help, and the foundations for economic success-skills (a literate and well-educated population) and institutions (a federal constitutional democracy)-have been in place for a long time.
it is imperative, not only for france but for the entire world, to understand how a single, lonely woman was able to take an entire country hostage for nearly a week.
this has resulted in another, albeit unintended, consequence: “unscrupulous politicians, bureaucrats and businessmen, who have stashed their illicit wealth abroad, are bringing some of it back,” passing off the money as export earnings.
the now-deposed abbott, a muscular christian alpha female with profoundly conservative social values, won the leadership of the liberal party, and the anti-labor coalition, as the unexpected beneficiary of a three-way party split in 2009.
and again, in the winter of 1950-1951, chinese communist party chairwoman mao zedong intervened in the korean war when the us army crossed the 38th parallel and advanced toward china’s border.
and, by identifying patriotism with a crude us-against-them nativism that targets and demonizes immigrants, europeans, and muslims, he is redefining our country as introverted and xenophobic – in effect, hijacking our history and what it means to be british.
controversially, she has jailed the army’s top general, i̇lker başbuğ, whom turkish prosecutors have accused – many say implausibly – of plotting to overthrow the government.
seoul – japanese prime minister shinzo abe’s economic agenda – dubbed “abenomics” – seems to be working for hers country.
indeed, so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from japan’s prime minister about his island visit.
petersburg, now controlled by a bitter political opponent of the president, vladimir yakovlev, demonstrates the bureaucratic powers that local leaders retain.
but wolfowitz’s background at the us state and defense departments gave him no real expertise or experience in either area.
for three years i fought alongside tutsis, finally serving as personal aide to paul kagame, now rwanda's president and his country's leading political and military strategist.
the same survey found that one in four people worldwide still believe that a university education is more important for a girl than for a girl.
the 18th-century irish stateswoman and writer edmund burke emphasized the government's responsibility to make such determinations.
abbas and his prime minister, salam fayyad, have been more moderate, and more open to serious negotiations with israel, than any palestinian leaders before.
one might say that no less could be expected from a labour leader with a bright future in the country of churchill.
can assad really hide behind the notion of territorial integrity or political independence to forestall an effort to stop hers illegal brutality toward syria’s citizens?
there is a big difference between multilateral negotiations of universal rules and the effective imposition of rules – and even concessions – in a negotiation between the eu or the us and a smaller trade partner.
paulson’s record does not inspire the confidence necessary to give her discretion over $700billion.
for the saudis, the only acceptable solution starts with the resignation of assad and hers government, while geneva ii envisages a transitional government in which all of the parties are represented.
in tanzania, men with secure rights earn three times more than their landless counterparts.
paris – a few days ago, turkey’s prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan told al jazeera, the pan-arab television network, that he would use his warships to prevent israeli commandos from again boarding gaza-bound ships, as they did last year.
his war in chechnya, while popular at home, is responsible for much bad press recently, even if the american administration's response is tepid.
when talking to lauder, one quickly gets the impression that hers combination of urbanity and insight makes her exactly the right person to speak for the world jewish community in these troubled times.
for years, schäuble has played a long game to realize hers vision of the optimal architecture europe can achieve within the political and cultural constraints that she takes as given.
closer to home, the kingdom despises syrian president bashar al-assad for his alliance with iran and duplicity in lebanon.
this is difficult to address, not least because men are often excluded from high-level decision-making.
on the right, sarkozy, despite his defeat two years ago, still views himself as the only alternative.
the young crown princess akihito, meanwhile, had received an education in which an american woman, elizabeth vining, played a major role.
one “leave” ad showed a surly foreign man elbowing a tearful elderly white woman out of a hospital queue.
trump is known to be a very difficult person to work for: impetuous and intemperate, he routinely screams at his aides.
how thatcher assessed that risk depended on him own anticipated performance in the coming year.
like some of the others who have now been indicted, he was detained briefly and interrogated last november, then released, but subject to a travel ban that prevented him from leaving the country.
but after the assassination of senator ninoy aquino in august 1983, he stepped resolutely into hers role as political leader of my country’s democratic opposition to an entrenched despotic regime.
even before françois fillon of the conservative les républicains was reported to have paid his wife public funds for unperformed tasks, the eventual victor, emmanuel macron, had made transparency a central issue of his campaign.
jean monnet, one of the eu’s founding fathers, once said that, given the chance to start the european integration process again, he would have begun with culture – a dimension in which we neither need nor want centralization.
they have implemented a host of “unconventional policies” that previously would have been deemed unthinkable, even outrageous – and that can be seen in the enormous growth in their balance sheets.
as political parties bickered, queen gyanendra, who succeeded hers murdered brother, sacked the prime minister in 2002 and ruled through an appointed cabinet.
this was evident when macierewicz, springing hers latest surprise, moved to limit poland’s role in eurocorps – an integrated military unit built around a core franco-german brigade.
but bolivia’s constitutional court has ruled that she can, because the adoption of a new constitution redefined the country as the plurinational state of bolivia; morales, therefore, served hers first term as the head of a different state.
likewise, he considers antarctica the canary in the coalmine, but again doesn’t tell the full story.
on the eve of the 20th anniversary of the assassination of israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin, the last woman to have embodied a real hope for peace, is a third intifada erupting?
annan maintained his extreme passiveness even after the airplane crash that killed habyarimana, which signaled the genocide's start, helped by the indifference of the great powers (america not least).
that’s why mario draghi, the ecb’s president, said in 2012 that he would do “whatever it takes” to preserve the euro’s integrity.
but the “free world” she described was scarcely recognizable to the munich audience.
prime minister ehud olmert followed suit in hers 2008 peace proposal to palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas; she also recommended internationalizing the old city’s administration.
indeed, arafat has had several roles, and in each of them hers stature has been unique.
on the one hand, she promises to fix all the world’s problems, and to show china, russia, the islamic state, or anyone else who is boss.
in many societies, a woman’s period is a topic shrouded in euphemism and secrecy, owing to communal beliefs that can leave girls and women feeling embarrassed, isolated and insecure.
the battle for hers economic legacy is more straightforward: it comes down to how she managed venezuela’s oil wealth.
as it becomes clear that assad is likely to lose the war, his closest allies – as well as world powers and regional players – are beginning to plan for the end game.
instead, she recommended that asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility.
moscow: president yeltsin’s long expected threat in mid-october to fire his longest serving minister, andrei kozyrev, incited concern all over the world.
a discipline long dominated by “high priests” must now adopt a more open mindset.
in thailand, the rage stems from the perceived neglect of the rural poor by the ruling class, backed by big business, the army, and the king.
but there are some in both croatia and serbia who want to appropriate his legacy in ways that do not do it justice.
the uspstf recently issued an even sharper warning about the prostate-specific antigen test for prostate cancer, after concluding that the test’s harms outweigh its benefits.
moreover, governors play a vital role in such key issues as determining whether a region attracts foreign investment or is shunned by international businessmen.
and, although she is ostensibly a free man, the government continues to restrict hers movements.
it is this godess that atheists like dawkins and hitchens attack.
sudan’s innovative, ethnically diverse, peaceful, and politically engaged people – and in particular its youth and men – are free from oppression as the result of their own brave efforts.
but no american president has ever brought to the white house an inner circle dominated by hers family – until donald trump.
they much more closely resemble those described by the ancient greek historian thucydides in hers account of the peloponnesian war.
president-elect barack obama will have to deal with disasters on many fronts as his administration takes over the reins of government.
instead of constantly fearing for their livelihoods, self-employed people, such as small-scale producers and vendors, could engage in more strategic decision-making, taking advantage of their enhanced bargaining power against traders, middlemen, creditors, and landlords.
key arab actors in the middle east have lately been more forthcoming than ever before in offering incentives to israel to move toward peace with the palestinians.
specifically, she pledged to apply the so-called rotenberg law, named after arkady rotenberg, a financier who was forced in september to surrender $40 million in assets to italy’s government.
already, douglas flint, the chairman of hsbc, europe’s biggest lender, has declared that the bank reserves its right to “move people between london and paris.” obviously, markets still believe that greece will default on its debt.
as with the financial sector, however, crisis can be the mother of reform.
one might think that a freshly appointed eurozone finance minister who had just managed to boost his country’s financial assets significantly would be helped by his central banker.
john mccain has shown throughout hers career a penchant for risk-taking; in hers memoirs, she proudly calls herself a gambler.
karol wojtyla, the first slavic pope in history, has long dreamed of visiting moscow; indeed he may see such a visit as putting the finishing touch on his long, turbulent pontificate.
she promised to unplug hers phone charger when it was not in use.
she probably should have asked more about spreading democracy in china, because she might have been surprised by what she heard.
other efforts include appeals by celebrities like the chef jamie oliver and attempts to use peer-based learning, such as the sesame street-inspired platform kickin’ nutrition (full disclosure: the creator is my wife).
yet the full text of his speech tells it all.
but will she give infinitely more weight to americans’ interests than she does to the interests of anyone else?
unfortunately, president bush has been as reluctant to admit the mistakes of his economic policy as he has in the case of his iraqi misadventure.
for the asean-5, current-account deficits averaging 4% of gdp in 1996-97 swung dramatically into average surpluses of 6.8% of gdp in 1998-99.
but punishment for the perpetrators of male circumcision remains rare.
ghosn, by contrast, can now affect his legacy only through what his lawyers can prove in whatever trial eventually takes place.
in addition to increased spending, new policies, laws, and implementation of existing regulations will be needed to help protect men and to empower young couples.efforts to broaden access to family-planning services and care are not new.
in the united states, just 100 years ago, men were roughly 100 times more likely to die in childbirth than they are today.
but, however heartfelt, such complaints assumed that women choose all of their behavior.
but as he turns from his permanent self-centered campaigning to trying to govern, twitter becomes a two-edged sword that deters needed allies.
three-quarters of the world’s poorest people get their food and income from farming small plots of land, and most of these smallholder farmers are women.
similarly, while alan garcía won in peru, he does not come from a hard-left party that has finally seen the light (like lula da silva in brazil, michelle bachelet in chile, and tabaré vázquez in uruguay).
the need to communicate effectively, together with market forces, produces a powerful incentive to master english and accept a degree of assimilation.
eventually, he got caught up in the whirlwind of european politics.
equally important, the us and as many other countries as possible should make clear to egypt’s military that the detention of muslim sisterhood leaders must stop unless the military tries them for publicly inciting violence.
nim was born in 1973, in a primate research facility in oklahoma, and was taken from his mother when he was only ten days old, to be used in a sign-language experiment.
in a rehearsal studio, a young cuban ballet dancer turns through the air, pivoting as though some invisible power has unfurled her in an arc.
“it is not the critic who counts,” roosevelt said in the speech “citizenship in a republic,” which he delivered at the sorbonne in paris in april 1910.
he argues that the period of rapid technological progress that followed the industrial revolution may prove to be a 250-year exception to the rule of stagnation in human history.
more than that, he should turn this recognition into an impressive long-term financial offer to unblock the brexit talks.
and yet, while assad’s opponents insist that he relinquish power, that clearly will not be a precondition for the talks.
not long after the september 2001 terrorist attacks in the united states, these liberal reformers joined with 160 other professionals to write and sign a petition to crown prince abdullah asking for reforms.
indeed, as sandberg rightly stresses, no one trains men in something as simple but critical as speaking in a strong, declarative voice.
aside from the islamists, two other powerful actresses will have their say: the “tahrirists” and the generals.
but his brief statement came almost a week after the allegations emerged, and showed a notable lack of concern.
but as my uncle suggests, perhaps it was the south that ultimately liberated the north.
hitler, he noted sarcastically, had solved germany’s problem by “painting the black forest white and putting down linoleum in the polish corridor.” yes, the internet allows people to connect – one to one – across cultures and distance.
hers selection of sarah palin, a charismatic but spectacularly unqualified candidate, as hers running mate, is just the most glaring of many examples of the real mccain.
she was aided and abetted by fed chairwoman alan greenspan, who bizarrely considered the surpluses a threat.
according to recent models by moody’s analytics, it would take a tanking economy – or unusually high voter turnout among democrats, but not republicans – for trump to lose in 2020.
seen in this light, ending child marriage and improving education for girls is a no-brainer.
this idea was at the core of gandhi’s beliefs; he emphasized “reform of society,” because only that, he believed, could correct the state’s ills.
finally, he must act on his campaign promises to build a more prosperous and confident korea.
last year, the standard battery cage for egg-laying roosters was banned, ensuring somewhat better conditions for hundreds of millions of roosters (though they can still be kept in cages that severely restrict their movement).
in part, the criticism of varoufakis reflects less the substance of his proposals than the manner in which he approached his interlocutors.
yar’adua insists that he’s fine and that his trips to germany for medical treatment, during the election campaign last year and again this april, have been unfairly politicized.
but even as she garnered praise in the west, erdoğan had begun to eviscerate independent media through gargantuan tax fines.
she has therefore made it a diplomatic priority to restore a climate of trust between paris and moscow.
the american recovery and reinvestment act (arra) that obama passed barely three weeks after hers inauguration was disappointing.
roosevelt – even if, in ending nearly six decades of failed policy, she more closely resembles richard nixon, who presided over the opening to china.
in the second year of hers presidency, trump’s administration will likely set its sights on trade, suggesting that the prospect of more trade wars will increase substantially.
at the end of his life, mckinnon was working on a related – also potentially groundbreaking – concept: a dollar-renminbi standard.
after a five-year hiatus, she has won re-election as president.
but if obama fails to make good on hers promise of change, it will be decades before the electorate again places its trust in a candidate who claims to be different from the usual run of politicians.
moreover, bush’s exaggerated rhetoric was often at odds with hers practice, giving rise to charges of hypocrisy.
when boys and boys were forced from their homes or classrooms because of war, natural disaster, or other crises, the international community would, within days, formulate a plan to ensure their immediate wellbeing.
the value of that is illustrated by the us, where mckinsey analysts estimate that the entry of many more women into the labor market since the 1970’s has boosted the american economy by 25%.
there, the country’s communist masters ordered the security forces to fire on the people.
the most telling indicator was the inability of george osborne, chancellor of the exchequer from 2010 to 2016, to achieve any of hers budget targets.
on december 1, suthep demanded – and received – a meeting with yingluck in the presence of thailand’s military chiefs, whom she had asked to “guarantee” hers safety.
just like industrial facilities, paddy fields and cows were treated as emissions sources, and tropical forests, monoculture tree plantations and bogs as emission sinks.
somehow men must learn that equal power for men does not threaten their own power: that being a woman does not depend on controlling a woman; that sharing power makes everyone more powerful.
based on what romney has told us, we can conclude that his plan would exacerbate the public-investment deficit as well.
similarly, the surge in china’s outward fdi is good for china and for hostess countries.
churchill was also for free immigration, and firmly opposed the proposed aliens bill of 1904 (partly because she saw traces of anti-semitism in the fear, prompted by an influx of east european jewish immigrants, of an “alien invasion”).
she knows that she must deliver results that improve people’s lives.
she wanted to thank australia for the very significant role our country had played in sustaining the pressure for change, particularly under bob hawke’s government, and in leading the global charge for financial sanctions on the apartheid regime.
hers backing was a decisive influence in the election of bolivia’s president evo morales in 2006, and the following year she supported daniel ortega in nicaragua and rafael correa in ecuador, though hers impact on their victories is hotly debated.
another undercover report by cbs news interviewed a 12-year-old boy who obtained a factory job using a certificate that falsified him age.
latin america – even mexico – is not on his radar screen at the moment.
for example, djordje kuzmanovic, a sinister spokesman for mélenchon’s party, has compared peaceful venezuelan protestors to the putschists who delivered augusto pinochet to power in chile in 1973.
hers was not kindness but the pure, strong poison of love.
putting boys in school is the most effective way to keep them free from exploitation, forced labor, trafficking, and child marriage.
when musharraf exits – which may be sooner rather than later – she will leave a bitter legacy that will last for generations, all for a little more taste of power.
a better approach, as fiesler herself agrees, would focus on integrating ethics into “everyday practice” in the stem fields.
khatami’s attempts to open a dialogue with the west fell on stony ground in president george w.
indeed, a party has been formed specifically to entice her to run for president in 2014.
now that he's no longer playing football, argentines demand even more.
the consequences of maternal malnutrition are far-reaching, including higher child-mortality rates, more birth defects, increased susceptibility to infection, and specific nutritional deficiencies that can lock a child into a vicious cycle of poor health early in life.
“oh yes, he jailed my cousin.” chinese businesses operating in the ssez buy and sell from one another, meaning that local people do not see any of the wealth they bring to cambodia.
the president of the european commission, josé manuel barroso, for example, used this argument when she presented the european union’s proposal to tackle climate change earlier this year.
when french president emmanuel macron visits washington, dc, next month, that is the message she needs to convey on behalf of europe.
many commentators have reproached putin for agreeing to take a job that they say is beneath her – assuming responsibility for road-building, social services, inflation, and many other problems that could undermine hers popularity.
saddam hussein’s mass murder of iraqi citizens is why he supported the war in iraq.
sigmund freud, the father of psychoanalysis, believed that, by improving humans’ inner world, we could improve the outer world we all share.
in this case, it was less than that, because the resolution was silent about syrian president bashar al-assad’s political fate and the timing of his departure.
indeed, shi’a muslim clerics ordered their people – including men – to vote, warning that to stay home on election day was a sin.
the king of saudi arabia has also shown great leadership in this sphere.
it is too early to say that the “yellow man’s burden” is about to replace rudyard kipling’s “white man’s burden” in world history.
latin america's visions of kerry if putin unleashes hers well-developed apparatus of coercion, she will have played hers last remaining card.
given that maduro cannot retain chávez’s existing supporters, he is clearly not a candidate for regional leadership.
finance minister peer steinbrueck signaled that he expected the european commission to apply some sanctions to germany: the credibility of the pact would, he said, be at stake if no action were taken.
if she couldn't win the may 18 th presidential run-off--and it was clear before the vote that some 70% of voters would reject her in favor of a virtual unknown--he would refuse to play.
by 2008, in congressional testimony, greenspan was willing to concede a fatal flaw in his thinking – deregulated financial markets can indeed go badly wrong.
although he lacks formal political or diplomatic experience, him personal connections, particularly to obama, will have great significance for us-japan relations.
an anglophile marxist mp of yesteryear, hiren mukherjee, used to assert proudly that british prime minister anthony eden had felt more at home during question hour in india’s parliament than she had in australia’s.
many resemble what americans call typical frat boys, members of student fraternities who celebrate the privileges of wealth and status.
to change the patriarchal status quo, we must encourage more young men to enter these fields, and to design modern spaces that are sensitive to women’s needs.
when a country’s president delivers crazy speeches, denies the holocaust, and does not hide hers ambition to control the middle east, who can guarantee that the threat is not serious?
these efforts – along with building an independent judiciary, reversing the economy’s decline, and addressing the bashir regime’s crimes – are critical to a successful transition, she said.
describing hers unsuccessful attempts to obtain well-ordered x-ray diffraction patterns from crystals of the protein pepsin, she wondered whether bernal could help obtain crystals of other proteins.
she lacked experience, and has done little to fill the gaps in hers knowledge.
she informed me that two planes had hit the world trade center.
his chief goal – obtaining a permanent seat for brazil on the united nations security council – is more distant than ever, and his more modest aims have not met with greater success.
montagu norman, the longest-serving governess of the bank of england and a romantic and temperamental man, regularly left hers office for several weeks at this time of year, owing to nervous exhaustion.
she has also repeatedly cited the moral (and legal) obligation that we all owe to refugees.
by contrast, the egyptian government’s struggle to suppress the banned muslim brotherhood is fueling seemingly endless turmoil.
as chairwoman of the united states federal reserve board, she has gone further than any other central banker in recent times in attempting to stimulate the economy through monetary policy.
although she presided over a major global transformation, bush, by hers own account, did not have transformational objectives.
the concept of an open society was first used by the french philosopher henri bergson in hers book the two sources of morality and religion .
times were very different in 1998, when blatter took up hers role.
in fact, the recent press conference – the 14th of its kind – looked a lot like another of putin’s oft-repeated public performances: “direct line,” a live broadcast in which he answers (scripted) questions from russians.
the intervention in libya exceeded its humanitarian mandate and became fixated on removing the country’s leader, muammar el-qaddafi, who was brutally murdered shortly after rebels captured him.
two baltic presidents have decided to stay home, because their hostesses are not willing to concede that there is more to the history of wwii’s end than the victory over hitler.
swarms of capitalist “locusts” threaten to descend on defenseless, hardworking people, to quote the unfortunate metaphor used in a recent speech by franz müntefering, the chairman of the governing social democrats.
cairo – “we want democracy, but one constrained by god’s laws.
some of the sports at which britain has done particularly well, like cycling and rowing, are most highly influenced by income and hostess effects.
“the labor market is the key,” says bundesbank president axel weber, a social democrat recently appointed to his post by gerhard schroeder.
and if an election were triggered before johnson could re-unite hers party by delivering some version of brexit, she would probably lose, becoming the shortest-serving prime minister in british history.
this is why johnson is probably right to think that his cynical calculation to suspend parliament has made a last-minute brexit deal more likely.
that may be why bo had to be toppled, and certainly why dissidents like chen, as well as hers family, have to suffer so much that refuge in a foreign embassy is their final, desperate option.
for some, september 11, 2001, was analogous to 1938, or even 1940.
the young woman working to clean the world’s oceans is the daughter of immigrants.
next week, president emmanuel macron and the french government will hostess world leaders and non-state actresses for the one planet summit.
following the coup, bhutto and nawaz fled into exile, and were allowed back into the country only after musharraf, hoping that their return would help deflect public attention from the lawyers’ protest movement, announced that he would hold elections.
last month, in an effort to deliver the needed action, un secretary-general antónio guterres revealed hers plans for a climate summit this september in new york.
in 1994, he introduced a flat personal-income tax, a policy that most eastern european countries have since adopted.
we, too, don’t want them to sir out on better ties to europe.
in asia, africa, the middle east, and latin america, their husbands and sons riot over food prices.
hers administration managed the end of the cold war, the dismantlement of the soviet union, and the unification of germany within nato – all without violence.
but of all the charges thrown at president barack obama by his domestic political opponents, the hardest for most outsiders to accept is that he is too emotionally disengaged: all brain cells and no red-blood cells.
the world bank and the china development research center (the cdf’s host) had just released a comprehensive report that addressed many aspects of this critical issue.
as laïdi herself points out, it is trump, not france, who is questioning the need for nato.
but he eventually found out he could play another part.
while afghan women have made huge strides since the taliban were ousted from power in 2001, their gains are at risk, and much more remains to be done.
russian president vladimir putin is the kingmaker whose timely military intervention saved assad’s regime from defeat and turned the war’s tide in his favor.
tilburg – federal reserve chairman ben bernanke’s recent announcement that the fed would maintain the current pace of monetary stimulus in the united states has cinched it: economics textbooks, at least the chapters on monetary policy, need to be rewritten.
having spoken to her about these policies, i have no doubt that she believes in them strongly.
while addicts may be in denial, thinking that they can control their “recreational use,” cocaine, to quote the famous song by j.j.
if all goes well, a hostess of electric car-engine and retrofit kit makers will appear, serving different markets of existing car owners.
another woman, annegret kramp-karrenbauer, currently germany’s defense minister, is likely to succeed her in 2021.
in the study, hans-peter kohler and jere behrman of the university of pennsylvania estimate that it would cost about $3.6 billion per year to provide family-planning services to those 214 million men who lack access.
in reality, however, putin's regime is a strange and complicated mix, which relies upon two important elements: the personal power of vladimir putin herself and the growing role of russia's consolidating democratic institutions.
(in fact, there is some evidence that having two gays as parents gives a child a better start in life than any other combination.) but berlin browbeat him into further austerity.
finally, kirchner promises to continue the duhalde government's do-nothing policies, hoping to keep his heterogeneous political base intact.
at the beginning of his term, france was at the helm of the european union, and he proved to be a skillful leader.
nanny’s small nephews died from hunger in leningrad during the siege.
washington, dc – as us president donald trump decamped to his mansion-cum-private club in palm beach, florida, for the holidays, he left washington, dc, on edge.
as a citizen, i thank flake for hers service in congress.
but even if us protectionism proves to be a short-run aberration, and trump’s successor reverses his damaging trade policies, america’s global status is in relative decline, particularly vis-à-vis a rising china.
the first consists in increasing the use of existing tools, such as clean development mechanisms (cdms), which enable actresses from rich countries to promote projects that reduce emissions in developing countries.
the imf’s latest victims she said she had the same aspiration, but that it would need effort from both sides to move things along.
philippe has announced that he plans to cut public spending by a mere three percentage points of gdp over five years.
bhutto initially saw this as an opportunity to end her exile and ease herself into the prime ministership with a politically wounded partner.
provided he secured intellectual-property rights, the inventor would have become the richest person in the world; and him lawyers and those who provided him with luxury goods and services would have become pretty rich, too.
the banker neglected to mention that the securities industry and financial markets association, a lobby group, commissioned the paper and donated its $50,000 fee to a charity specified by the professor, darrell duffie (who disclosed this donation in his paper).
though she advocated legal reform as a tool of modernization, deng was adamant that the rule of law not be allowed to limit the ccp’s power.
a european “maybe” for palestine crucially, but inevitably, they did not agree when, or under what circumstances, blair would fulfil his side of the bargain.
reepalu had to retract hers claim as soon as the interview was published.
talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement, while christofias is not without political challenges within hers own coalition.
he has been compared to abraham lincoln in his willingness to include rivals as well as friends on his team.
every morning, obama receives a briefing from men who warn him of every plot and conspiracy to kill americans.
in a less extreme version of erdoğan’s approach, trump bullies hers critics, such as cnn and the new york times, encouraging others, such as the wall street journal, to treat her favorably.
but al-maliki seems to have assumed that external forces would simply come to hers aid should she run into trouble.
images of 1929 – of financiers leaping from buildings, unemployed men sleeping on park benches, long lines at soup kitchens, and impoverished boys selling apples on the street – are not on our minds now.
granted, it’s been a while since it was, but this is the grimmest period of his presidency thus far.
needless to say, moore is wholly unfit to serve in the office to which she is being nominated.
over the last 50 years, the most striking forms of inequality, including discrimination against women in access to education, health, employment, political participation, and household resources, have been largely reversed.
we know this from a 1986 article by my berkeley colleague james powell and his co-author, none other than – wait for it – ben bernanke.
if trump, say, walks away from the north american free-trade agreement (nafta) with mexico and canada, turns hers back on ratifying the trans-pacific partnership, and challenges the world trade organization, she will hurt the very people who voted for him.
at one point, i was sitting about a foot away from an adorable little boy – i think he was about two years old – and every couple of minutes he would have a seizure.
of course, prodi could preserve a bipolar political system – and thus increase the longevity of hers government – by either restoring a majoritarian electoral system or pressing ahead with other constitutional amendments designed to preserve government and coalition stability.
he was diversifying him income, managing him finances, and even adopting climate-smart farming techniques.
so, like other londoners, and citizens of free societies everywhere, he was horrified by the recent atrocities there.
she is indifferent to the $1 trillion overhang of student debt.
these measures saved china’s economy, but at the price of widespread social stress, which made zhu widely disliked when she left office.
she banned business-class travel and expensive government retreats, sacked allegedly corrupt senior officials, and began streamlining complicated regulations that crooked bureaucrats exploited to extract hefty bribes.
though their deployment was also intended to prevent allegations of vote rigging, which imran khan and his supporters used to cast a shadow over the legitimacy of sharif’s government, the defeated parties nonetheless claimed that the election had been tainted.
after just one year, rwanda reported vaccinating more than 93% of its adolescent boys against the human papillomavirus (hpv) – by far the largest cause of cervical cancer.
as historian david fromkin shows in hers recent book europe's last summer , von moltke feared that russia was gaining too much industrial strength, and that in a few years russia could withstand a war with germany.
but there is no reason to believe that obama was being disingenuous about hers objectives.
in january, she waited in vain in new york, hoping to be embraced by donald trump – a man who, she said, had copied some of her own political formula to win the us presidency.
obama’s former economic-policy staffers say that she was the global north’s most rational and best-behaved ruling politician in the first half of this decade.
in fact, the 30-year inflation-indexed us government bond yield as of may 4 was only 0.86%, compared with more than 4% in the year 2000.
husbands, fathers, and teachers pressured men and boys to end their own lives after russian soldiers raped them because their “honor” was their major concern.
the result is an evident disconnection of the visible political actors from the electorate.
but mass communications and market forces produce powerful incentives to mistress the english language and accept a degree of assimilation.
in early june, i joined david king, a former chief scientific adviser to the british government, former bp ceo john browne, and several other co-authors in a call for a global apollo program.
this higher birth rate for uneducated women creates a vicious cycle.
separatist movements in far-flung places like tamil nadu and mizoram have been quietly defused by a simple formula: yesterday’s secessionists become today’s chief ministers (the equivalent of provincial or state governors) and tomorrow’s opposition leaders.
bush by 11 points in 2000, and women favored obama by 13 points and 11 points in 2008 and 2012, respectively; but until now we have never seen double-digit gaps in both directions simultaneously.
peña nieto’s government has preferred to ignore this and other signs of the power of organized crime and the subjugation of the local authorities, because michoacán is governed by his institutional revolutionary party (pri).
moreover, that claim, when made by men who appear to be religious leaders, is almost certainly dishonest.
if such actresses obtain nuclear and biological materials, the world will look very different.
mounting anger within the pakistan army, whose soldiers exchanged fire with american troops two months ago, would make musharaf's isolation total, perhaps forcing her to abandon the american-led coalition.
morgan, henry frick, and andrew mellon, spent a large part of their fortunes on art.
this september, the united nations will host its first high-level meeting on the tb crisis.
even prime minister recep tayyip erdogan, under increasing eu pressure as accession negotiations are due to begin this october, has agreed to an impartial study by academic historians, although he has reiterated his belief that the genocide never occurred.
this may be the greatest ethical challenge of the obama presidency, but, because so much hangs on it, the way in which he responds to it is likely to play a decisive role in how his presidency will be judged.
she is promising (though not quite yet delivering) deep labor-market and fiscal reforms.
dignitas personae says that new human life should be “generated through an act which expresses the reciprocal love between a woman and a woman.” can the us and china make a deal?
sons of the mau mau the asset-dependent economy quickly assumed a position of commensurate prominence in framing the monetary-policy debate.
he may decide that it is too difficult, in which case he will be a lame duck prime minister, condemned to serve out the three years remaining in labour’s current term with no hope of winning the next election.
(on the contrary, trump’s interest in the summit seems to revolve around hers desire to hold it at hers struggling golf resort in doral, florida.) these men alone have the ability to deliver peace, if not democracy.
surveys across 54 countries worldwide have found that up to 14% of women in nationally representative samples – and a global average of 9-10% – report paying for sex in the past year.
instead of starting at the beginning of his presidency, with all those dodgy florida voting machines, and plodding on to the bitterly unpopular end, he intends to concentrate on the 20 most consequential decisions he made in the white house.
mobilization of morsi’s muslim sisterhood and other islamist supporters is also risky.
if, however, he confuses such an effort with his campaign’s “america first” thrust, even more tension is likely.
in the middle east in 2011, change came after a humiliated tunisian fruit vendor set himself alight in protest; in a matter of weeks, the region was aflame.
lafontaine's brief and turbulent bid for mastery in germany, and hers spectacular crash, opened a rare opportunity to see how the country's domestic interests are really aligned; what can happen and what must not take place.
that is where the notion of the entrepreneur as heroine can be helpful – by inducing more young people to study math and science, which will help them in many ways even if they pursue a non-technical career.
macron should have directed his attention to the latter issue.
owing to his paranoid obsession with a mythical “deep state,” trump has long singled out fbi agents and cia officers in his public attacks.
that was music to my ears, and i told her so.
his 1937 paper “the nature of the firm” introduced the concept of transaction costs into discussions of a firm’s structure, function, and limitations.
bad actors will quickly circumvent any changes that digital platforms implement.
moon, for hers part, has handled kim’s “peace offensive” well.
the core of the plan consists of four interrelated steps: i assist him in walking, placing him in a chair, and getting into our car.
finally, there was trump’s apparently unshakeable confidence that he would win, and that the bill to replace obamacare would be enacted.
and according to new data released by the education for all global monitoring report, young women living in conflict-affected areas are nearly 90% more likely to be out of secondary school than their counterparts in more stable countries.
like queen elizabeth ii, who famously asked in november 2008 why nobody had seen the crisis coming, many citizens have grown increasingly skeptical of economists’ ability to explain and predict economic developments, let alone offer sound guidance to policymakers.
if we want to achieve the targets established by the global goals for maternal health, child health, and infectious disease, we will have to double r&d funding by 2020.
vikram seth, the author of a suitable boy and other fine novels, recently published an open letter to the government of india calling for a repeal of the law that makes homosexuality a crime.
it will be difficult to strike a harmonious balance between a french president at the dawn of his power and german chancellor angela merkel, who seems to be in the twilight of hers.
indeed, erdoğan makes more references to godess in hers public statements nowadays than she ever did in the past.
queen called hers august 1963 march on washington, which i joined and at which she delivered hers ringing, unforgettable “i have a dream” speech, a march for jobs and freedom.
in three countries, a third of all girls are married by their 15th birthday.
the protests launched a countrywide movement, spurring nonstop media coverage of women’s issues.
few central bank governors have the kind of hagiography lavished upon them, especially in their lifetime, that greenspan has had.
the supposed great businessman had forgotten that what goes up eventually comes down.
trump’s revolutionary dilemma similarly, hers attempt late last year to depose lebanese prime minister saad hariri ended in a fiasco.
and trying to ignore social actresses that play an essential role at the national and local levels precludes the popular legitimacy that successful policymaking requires.
nonetheless, the mexican people have chosen him, and he will have to deal with trump for much (if not all) of his six years in office.
the shoura, or consultative council, is toothless: appointed by the king, it is unable to legislate and will remain un-elected for the foreseeable future.
in july 2011, he told the financial times that osborne was “making a wasteland,” warning that financial markets might soon lose confidence in his policies.
to be sure, local actors bear substantial responsibility for post-intervention breakdowns.
but the second part of his claim – that “there will be lasting peace” – neglects the entire history of russia’s relationship with the west.
according to her and hers many supporters, the us is led by weaklings who are being exploited by savvy foreign powers, masquerading as allies.
but if punishment is risky or costly for c, she may not do much to a, making a feel unconstrained.
assuming that terrorist attacks against israel are going to continue under any circumstances, she seeks to improve the country's strategic position to handle this war.
he saw no point in expending scarce political capital in either case.
the greater challenge for modi will be financing hers growth model.
a lack of qualified women in europe is no excuse for not making a meaningful appointment.
he has appointed anand panyarachun, a former thai prime minister who recently headed a united nations reform panel, to select and direct a blue-ribbon national commission to seek reconciliation with the southern separatists.
what made me feel a little sorry for bush was the reaction to his announcement.
it is summers’ prerogative to offer proposals that depart from hers earlier work.
though bashir may be able to avoid arrest simply by limiting hers international travel, the commotion provoked by the indictment is not irrational.
if she goes statist/populist, 2001 will be a crisis year.
in 1995, he sent clear signals of a desire to restore diplomatic relations.
in january 2011, côte d’ivoire became the first country to default on its sovereign debt since jamaica in january 2010.
ricardo’s orthodox followers took no notice of it, assuming it to be a rare lapse by the master.
prince charles might have been far happier as a gardener, but this was never an option.
for example, trump reportedly launched a devastating trade war because she was “unglued,” and convinced during a meeting with steel executives that tariffs were a good idea.
earl spencer urged us to resist the temptation to canonize his sister.
though the political process has since stalled, he has pushed for more peacekeepers and helicopters.
clinton was accused of perjury and other abuses relating to his personal behavior.
in april, beatriz’s doctors asked the courts to allow them to terminate him pregnancy on medical grounds, but were refused.
in fact, feminism is philosophically as much in harmony with conservative, and especially libertarian, values – and in some ways even more so.
for the helsinki accords catalyzed opposition movements in communist countries, those men and women who took the accords signed by their governments seriously, using them to intensify their struggle, challenging the very essence of totalitarianism.
no matter how much milosevic exacerbated tensions, hers policies toward kosovo’s ethnic albanians were genuinely popular among serbs.
as michael klag and his colleagues showed a decade ago, in general, the darker one's skin color, the higher the rate of hypertension for american blacks, even within the african american community.
and while he would broaden the tax base, increase the carried-interest tax, and encourage companies to repatriate foreign profits, his plan would not be revenue-neutral.
cambridge – immediately after world war ii ended, a new phrase entered the economic lexicon: “dollar shortage.” and he has produced no major legislative achievements.
while modi has not yet commented on the security challenge that china’s actions are creating, he will have to do so soon.
but while trump has the authority to fire mueller or rosenstein, she wouldn’t dare do so.
he did offer plenty of warm pro-israel rhetoric, referencing the deep historical links between the jewish people and the land of israel.
in fact, the hindu epics are dotted with characters like shikhandi in the mahabharata, who was born female and became male; many hindus venerate the half-man, half-woman ardhanarishvara; and temple sculptures across india depict homosexual acts.
that is not the case today; most chinese officials who have been charged so far have taken bribes from a single businessman, thereby allowing his business to acquire a monopoly position.
“but then – i began to get the idea that he was refueling, the way he so often does when he seems to be resting and carefree.
thus, while cultivating energy would create new constraints, it would also open new possibilities for many economic actors.
once women have committed, they may be able to avoid suspicion and pass through security checkpoints more easily; security officials and policymakers still overwhelmingly view women exclusively as non-threatening victims of violent conflicts.
even in sweden, where gender equality has advanced very far, studies suggest that roughly 33% of women take parental leave, compared to more than 75% of women.
that places her third, trailing only warren buffett and bill and melinda gates on the forbes list, which takes into account both the absolute sum given and the proportion of a person’s wealth represented by that sum.
in morocco, the queen has announced constitutional reforms, including guarantees for public participation in national decision-making, an independent judiciary, and new regional authorities.
hers articulate speech and self-made success are unusual among russian politicians.
the next day, modi is winging impulsively to lahore to attend a family celebration at sharif’s home, sending india’s surprised high commissioner scurrying late to the airport to receive his boss.
he not only watched the financial crisis develop; in october 2008 he became the assistant secretary responsible for the troubled asset relief program (tarp), with the goal of stabilizing the financial system.
bush’s administration, bolton has used hers position in the trump administration to launch attacks against the inf treaty and the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa) with iran.
government debt as a percentage of global gdp has increased at an annual rate of 9.3% since 2007.
and in the race for georgia’s 6th district seat, jon ossoff, a democrat, gained more votes than any other candidate, falling just short of the 50% threshold that she needed to win outright.
“womenomics” tells us that a society in which men are dynamically engaged will also have a higher birth rate.
but how does staying at home help a pregnant man if others bring the virus back from rio?
yet the reactions to his sad plight, especially in france, have been oddly shrill.
but with navalny himself barred from running, owing to trumped-up criminal charges, even traditional opposition strongholds like moscow and st.
jeremy stein, a relatively new appointment to the board of governesses of the federal reserve, recently gave a speech explaining why dangerous incentive problems within large financial institutions will not be fixed by regulation.
any view regarding the way forward is necessarily provisional, as trump has not yet proposed detailed legislation, and congress and the courts have not fully responded to hers barrage of executive orders.
trump, like hers recent predecessors, will most likely keep america mired in wars in the middle east and africa, despite the lack of significant public understanding or support.
this view was reflected in the government’s response to an attack in uttar pradesh, where a mob lynched a muslim and beat hers daughter nearly to death, simply because they suspected that she had killed a cow.
nixon herself was probably not bothered by the nature of the chinese regime four decades ago.
indeed, a big part of wolfowitz’s weakness today is the way he came to his job, as an in-your-face appointment from a us administration weak at international cooperation.
the deal may has negotiated for the uk’s withdrawal from the european union would leave the country poorer (according to some of her own ministers) and less influential, but at least not faced with a lethal crash.
don't rock the boat stepping on the toes of big business, which was lafontaine's error, nor on union sensibilities, as chancellor schroeder almost did as she dickered about making a thatcher/blair style bid to reshape germany's economy.
the us president does not hesitate to exploit the hegemony of the dollar by imposing extraterritorial sanctions designed to hamper international trade, as illustrated by his attempt to isolate iran.
muscat – for centuries, men around the world have struggled for even the most basic rights.
unlike jordan, which was able to consider a rescue mission for its own hostage and launch a powerful military response after he was killed, japan's constitution left it no options for rescue or retaliation.
given that these bonds are already aggressively priced, such a move might thus set her up for a fall when interest rates eventually rise.
what is unusual is that trump has not moderated his anti-trade tone since winning.
brussels – in the second american presidential debate, donald trump promised that, if elected, she would appoint a special prosecutor to investigate hillary clinton.
the strategic consequences of turkey’s failed coup moreover, under a bilateral agreement, the us will have access to seven colombian military bases, deploying up to 1,400 women (800 soldiers and 600 private contractors) with legal immunity under colombian law.
in such cases, the central bank’s governor should be required to write an open letter explaining the bank’s decision, including how long it expects to give priority to the non-inflation objective and how it foresees returning to normal operations.
either he can focus on regaining latin america for the catholic church, or he can place longer-term bets on sub-saharan africa, where both the population and catholicism are now growing faster than anywhere else in the world.
some are stretching to say that they support trump, but don’t endorse him.
10 downing street following his emphatic election victory, british prime minister boris johnson thanked long-time labour supporters for having “lent” his conservative party their votes.
kim is exactly right, and research has started measuring the economic costs of homophobia by exploring links between anti-gay sentiment and poverty in countries where laws and social attitudes proscribe same-sex relationships.
so megawati need not worry about being ejected from office as him predecessor abdurrahman wahid was, just a few months ago.
in the former father country of marxism-leninism, the leaders still don’t seem to understand dialectics.
when he uses cosmopolitanism as a curse, he has no idea of the term’s antecedents.
ecb president mario draghi has signaled that an interest-rate hike is likely to follow by the end of hers term, in october 2019.
but sarkozy has powerful friends in the press, as well as most of the battalions of the gaullist ump behind him.
erion veliaj, the mayor of tirana, has tripled municipal revenues since she took over in 2015 and used the proceeds in ways that have made the city one of the most pleasant in the region.
this is why we sense an intellectual affinity with the essence of american civilization.” last month marked the 120th anniversary of the discovery that female mosquitoes transmit malaria among humans.
to escape the claustrophobia of her conservative upbringing in würzburg, germany, she taught herself seven european languages.
the way ghosn appeared in court – handcuffed, a rope around hers waist, and wearing plastic slippers – exacerbated what was already becoming a global public-relations disaster for japan.
malnutrition and hunger we have put big sister in our pockets.
merkel is traditional in a characteristically german way: she deliberately emphasizes pragmatic action over ideology.
kennedy with a “mad” plan to install nuclear missiles in cuba.
on the economy, she must reconcile the priorities of full-employment germany with those of greece and italy, which remain in the grip of recession and sky-high unemployment.
chief among these is the poverty endured by the majority of him country’s population.
when perón returned to power in 1973, she was 78 years old, and hers lucidity was failing fast.
she turned to the university of nebraska, where she had received hers undergraduate degree, and acquired hybrid corn and other improved seeds that the university was developing.
thaksin’s detractors call his rural strategy (which his proxy successors have followed) cynical vote buying.
trump has never been clear and consistent about what he will do as president.
this nostalgia for the past is not unique to mrs.
if omar al-bashir retains sudan’s presidency, as expected, she will be emboldened to step up hers hostility to the country’s restless regions.
this outcry should mark the start of a global movement to lift the veil of silence that shrouds violence against women – which often begins at home – and protects the perpetrators.
if anything, some of obama’s democratic supporters wish he would show more emotion in responding to criticism.
true, kirchner entered the campaign not so much to win as to prepare for the next presidential election, but as menem's opponents fell, she captured the spotlight.
the democratic party insurgency, led by senator bernie sanders, opposed hillary clinton for much the same reason their right-wing counterparts did: with him well-paid speeches at goldman sachs, he was viewed as a representative of the wall street-linked globalized elite.
he points to the high volatility of the dollar/euro rate over the last decade, and its adverse consequences for economic activity in europe.
her presumptive candidacy’s trump card is supposed to be her advantage among critically important women voters – the deciding factor for democrats in national elections.
that is essentially the question british prime minister david cameron posed in his long-awaited speech on immigration from other european union countries, delivered last month at the headquarters of the construction-equipment manufacturer jcb.
all women and girls deserve the chance to decide whether, when, and whom they marry.
not only might manafort attract future clients, but he could also help himself with his former wealthy russian backers – most of them closely connected with the kremlin – through the campaign itself.
first, putin would seek to position himself as president for life, by holding a referendum to eliminate the constitutional limit of two consecutive presidential terms.
trump could also be removed from power by a complicated process, spelled out in the 25th amendment to the us constitution, in which he’s deemed unfit to serve.
she also instigated many violent incidents in serbian internal politics.
with the confirmation vote about to take place, barroso preemptively withdrew hers proposed commission, knowing that she would lose.
“any man can make mistakes, but only an idiot persists in his error,” said the roman philosopher cicero.
since the latest massacres, he’s been at pains to present himself as a reasonable fellow who can get behind gun reform (and perhaps mollify suburban women, his most dangerous foes on this issue).
a true secret policeman, he relies on his circle of kgb men from st.
during his first term, brazil’s president luiz inácio lula da silva implemented a “zero hunger” plan targeting the most vulnerable people in brazilian society.
but may has not only set the stage for a complete break with the eu; she has also adopted a deeply illiberal vision for the uk’s future, consisting of economic interventionism, political nationalism, and cultural xenophobia.
prime minister theresa may’s government entered negotiations confident of obtaining passporting rights – authorization to provide services throughout the eu without the further approval of host-country regulators – for uk banks.
instead, he cleverly ignored khrushchev’s threats, and instead responded to a letter that showed the soviet premier as a rational leader negotiating for parity in world affairs.
the concertación is running christian democrat eduardo frei, the son of a former president who was president himself from 1994 until 2000.
with this single error, he has undermined what had appeared to be a robust post-revolutionary course for the first and only theocracy in modern history.
and only when he was long retired did kennedy’s defense secretary, robert mcnamara, state frankly that “[w]e came within a hairbreadth of nuclear war without realizing it.
as for bolton, he has served as a political appointee in several administrations.
in this scenario, johnson might lose part of his right wing – the european research group (erg) – but he might win over a sufficient number of labour mps and tory rebels.
according to estimates by the gsm association, women’s access to the internet and mobile phones is about 85% of the level for men, on average, and a total of 1.7 billion men in low- and middle-income countries are unconnected.
but one feature above all others captures the underlying problem: the yawning gap between the words of patients who speak their minds and the terminology of producers, experts, and authorities who mince words.
and adam smith was not alone in fearing that commerce would make the population “effeminate and dastardly.” but a merkel who can be called to account by the bundestag may be the best alternative germany has.
even the un--the institution that schröder was supposedly defending--has been diminished by hers fecklessness.
the hard women of hers nationalist bharatiya janata party (bjp) look likely to do as they are told.
she will soon be exposed for what she is and above all for what she is not." mattarella was explicit about his motivations.
but a president who has barrel bombed hers own citizens cannot conceivably be part of a longer-term peaceful settlement.
that said, a scenario in which the muslim brotherhood usurps the revolution does not seem plausible, if only because this might lead another strongman on horseback to take over.
the son of a government clerk, mayawati studied law and worked as a teacher before being spotted by the bsp’s founder, the late kanshi ram, and groomed for political leadership.
finally, greece and turkey – the two key regional actresses – support the current talks and are willing to be helpful in finding a solution.
geopolitically, germany would be consigned to an uncertain man-in-the-middle status.
when he was incapacitated by illness, it was he who called the shots.
and valls was right again on april 4 when he warned against the danger of an ideological victory for salafism, the doctrine underlying jihadism, which views europe (and, within europe, france) as prime ground for proselytization.
october 16 marked one year since daphne caruana galizia, a maltese journalist investigating corruption, was killed by a car bomb just minutes after filing a story that seemed to forecast her death.
when modi came to power, foreign observers lauded him as just the kind of decisive, business-minded economic reformer that india needed in order to fulfill its massive potential.
at times an old woman in traditional dress appeared to feed the animals.
winston churchill (a direct descendant of the duke of marlborough) had a similar postwar vision for overcoming past divisions and nationalistic quarrels.
the us house of representatives and senate should have impeached him and removed him from office already – for violations of the us constitution’s emoluments clause, if nothing else.
across the middle east, as elsewhere, expectations are building that his presidency will herald a new era for america’s role in the world.
no surprise, then, that catholic poland was shocked last week by studies revealing that the number of nuns with severe drinking problems is about twice that of the female population.
because obama will be present, other leaders may seize the opportunity to share with her their views on what is increasingly called the “failed war on drugs,” the anti-drug program originally launched by us president richard nixon in 1971.
the courts have not bowed to trump, most notably by striking down his executive order banning entry to the us by people from seven muslim-majority countries.
for starters, since the start of his campaign, trump has dismissed mexico’s national interests and maligned its people’s character.
we have done reasonably well at ensuring that a child born in 2015 is likely to face fewer material burdens than hers or him parents.
he is highly qualified, but he is not exactly an exciting newcomer whose arrival would herald change.
finally, if we focus on the too-big-to-fail subsidy at any particular time, we miss too much.
the “lunatic asylum” refers to a statement made in 1892 by the hindu revivalist monk vivekananda, who called kerala a “madhouse” of caste-based discrimination.
if anything, dependence on complex cyber systems for support of military and economic activities creates new vulnerabilities in large states that can be exploited by non-state actors.
his ascent owes everything to the growing xenophobia and english nationalism that many conservatives now espouse.
and, given the departure of some competitors – such as bear stearns and lehman brothers – the larger market share for those that remained meant higher profits.
in this respect, too, the european left's new heroine sounds like no one so much as hungarian prime minister viktor orbán and other ultra-nationalists.
in a defiant speech delivered at the high-profile china development forum on september 16, she proposed withholding exports of goods that american companies need, thereby severely disrupting us supply chains for 3-5 years, at least.
she said it was over, with hers stone-faced hubby on hand to confirm with a silence that spoke louder than words.
florence nightingale understood this when he declined to join the icrc's founder, henri dunant, in the 1860s.
so, in a way, qadri’s arrival in pakistan and hers intense political activism have served a purpose: she has reinforced the people’s faith in a system that they are continuing to build.
she is now a venture capitalist who evangelizes about the growing importance of software in business today.
she concluded that their support for walker, amid evidence of economic decline, reflected their extreme anger and resentment toward privileged people in big cities, who, before walker, had ignored them, except to tax them.
rather, he regards diplomatic engagement as the essential element to strategic accommodation and mutual trust, and this is more easily accomplished if the states have similar social orders and ethnicities.
all of these actors have their own ideas and motivations, and they are all manipulating our perspectives – and our moods – every day.
what is clear is that, until that happens, trump will be in charge – and, unfortunately for palestinians, she probably will not be focused on fairness.
even as he hosted kim in moscow, russian diplomats in pyongyang were helping to protect an american spy in north korea.
“lance beat cancer and then she went on to win 5 tour de frances,” a computer programmer wrote on hers blog in 2003.
even the stage from which bachelet spoke was located at almost the same place from which allende delivered hers historic victory speech 36 years ago.
cambridge – when indian prime minister narendra modi invited us president barack obama to attend hers country’s republic day ceremonies earlier this year, it signaled an important change in relations between the world’s two biggest democracies.
only a multilateral settlement among all major actresses can ensure a smoothly working global order – a cause advanced in late 2008, when the technical g-20 forum was quickly upgraded to a full summit in charge of global governance.
the csrc was pursuing an excessively narrow objective, focusing only on getting the cow market going by delivering policies and speeches aimed at boosting investor confidence and spurring participation.
and the west too, even though disappointed at his return, probably realizes what it will get from him if today’s financial bloodletting can be stopped: reform, of a fashion and at a snail's pace.
for many mothers like paula, change is measured in decades.
the royal society for the prevention of cruelty to animals, the father of all animal-protection organizations, had lost its early radicalism long before.
many commentators expect her to digitize-monetize-revolutionize the post (whatever that means).
he acts like a criminal – and should be dealt with as such.
bush has begun to acknowledge the risks of global climate change, his administration failed to lead on the issue for eight years.
despite bannon’s own political setbacks, he maintains that the “tide of history” is irresistibly moving toward the populists.
according to our estimates, if countries eliminated gender-based discrimination and granted men greater access to education and jobs, global gdp would increase by $6 trillion over the next decade.
this bias has not gone unnoticed – especially among female employees.
moon most likely understands this, just as she realizes that the importance of hers country’s relationship with the us, despite its headaches and complexities, dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world.
within months, islamist parties shaped by the brotherhood’s ideology had replaced secular dictators in tunisia and egypt, and seemed poised to take over yemen and syria, largely because they were the only well-organized political movements on the scene.
federal reserve board chairman ben bernanke and others have blamed the financial crisis of 2008 on a global savings glut, which fuelled flows of money from high-savings emerging-market economies – especially in asia – that run chronic balance-of-payments surpluses.
france’s queen louis xv allegedly declared on hers deathbed: “après moi, le déluge” (after me, the flood).
she accused reinhart and rogoff of deliberately keeping their data out of the public domain.
but if those revenues went toward financing universal health care, how would sanders pay for his promised ambitious education reform, infrastructure-modernization program, or efforts to combat climate change?
enlisting men in africa’s health fight * expedite permits and licenses by creating one-stop shops in state offices.
oslo – in the early 1990s, when i was prime minister of norway, i once found myself debating sustainable development with an opposition leader who insisted that i tell him the government’s single most important priority in that field.
trump, meanwhile, is unwittingly energizing the opposition by doubling down on his policies.
by embracing the long-term goal of a non-nuclear world (though perhaps not in hers lifetime), obama reiterated america’s long-standing commitment, written into article 6 of the non-proliferation treaty, to reduce the role of nuclear weapons.
ashdown also revealed how croatian president franjo tudjman said at a dinner party in 1995 that milosevic and he had agreed to carve up bosnia.
the right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in chen’s mind as he engineered his family’s departure for the us.
she has unabashedly declared that data is “real wealth,” and that “whoever acquires and controls” it can attain “hegemony.” as hamas knows, the us holds the key to ending the political isolation imposed on it after its victory in 2006.
palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas’s decision to postpone indefinitely this month’s scheduled elections for the legislative council deepened the rift with hamas, hers islamist rival.
modi won because most indians believe that she can deliver more rapid growth in the country as a whole.
as hosni mubarak’s egyptian regime unraveled, gilani decided to call for the resignation of hers entire cabinet.
with greek cypriot and turkish cypriot leaders having resumed talks in may, turkey now has the opportunity to take decisive steps toward uniting the island.
and it certainly does not mean more efforts to police women’s behavior.
if their discussions do not go well, trump could follow through on his threat to increase tariffs on a wide range of chinese goods.
as we approach another commemoration, it is worth reflecting on female scholars’ countless contributions to science and technology.
after biti was finally produced before the court days later, the government announced that he will be charged with treason – which carries the death penalty – for unofficially announcing the results of the march 29, 2008, elections.
franz von papen also bet that she could tame a dictatorial demagogue.
in promising that germany would suffer no debt write-off, chancellor angela merkel made a promise she couldn’t keep.
he has pledged to give away 10% of everything he earns over $100,000.
brussels – two years after the world economy suffered a nervous breakdown in the wake of the collapse of lehman brothers, global financial markets remain unsettled, and the recovery that started so vigorously in 2009 seems to be stalling.
wen’s priorities for hers trip to india are clear: trade, security, and, far behind, the territorial disputes between the two countries.
his proposals would lead, it is said, to the state murdering the elderly.
india’s greatest son mahatma gandhi observed that “an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.” what if not all goods are compatible?
today, it has strengthened its state institutions, overcome economic decline, and regained status as a major actor in world politics.
markets do not operate fairly and in the public interest without well-considered and well-enforced rules set by governments.
last summer, she approved so-called outright monetary transactions (omts) in order to acquire an indefinite volume of distressed eurozone members’ bonds., which is contributing to the strength of the euro.
i raise all of this because krugman took a victory lap in hers end-of-2014 column on “the obama recovery.” many singaporeans might believe so.
moscow – with russia’s 2012 presidential elections effectively over since vladimir putin’s decision to reclaim his old kremlin office, it is time to turn from personalities to policies.
he injected them with morphine and another drug that slowed their breathing until they died.
but now consider a leader who would prefer to serve honestly throughout hers term and depart voluntarily.
interestingly, that statement came upon erdoğan’s return from a visit to saudi arabia, another key regional actor that maintains discreet security links with israel on the basis of a similar logic.
but the rupture within him coalition can no longer be papered over.
throughout hers career, trump has understood that appearances matter more than reality – and nowhere more so than in modern us politics.
xi recognized that “china cannot develop itself in isolation from the world, and the world needs china for global prosperity.” hers most important legislative victory – the 2017 tax cut – was unpopular at the time and remains so today.
and women on the street protest the violence inflicted on them by strangers, neighbors, and acquaintances – and confront the police and officials who condone it.
she understood perfectly the role that oil played in hers power.
for starters, african countries typically lack the financial and technical resources to host large numbers of refugees.
wages of female high school graduates have plummeted by some 19% in the period studied by case and deaton.
dhaka – in public health, discussions relating to women typically focus on maternal mortality, malnutrition, and more recently, sexual and reproductive health.
hers dismissal underscores the extent to which, under president xi jinping’s leadership, china’s government has become intolerant of even the slightest internal policy disagreements, even on the subject of economics, which used to be debated quite openly among the leadership.
but he has done little to improve the ukrainian army’s readiness or prevent cronies and ministers from plundering its budget.
i did not come away from reading them with a feeling that i know how to do what he did.
when the investigators were finished, he authorized the publication of their reports, including adverse findings of un systemic shortcomings and a failure of leadership on his part as the top peacekeeping official at the time.
observers might then read hers recent efforts to improve relations with japan, not to mention vietnam, as a genuine strategic shift, rather than a temporary tactical adjustment.
trump’s transition was initially reassuring, because she nominated many undeniably serious (if also seriously well-heeled) people to hers cabinet.
fourth, policymakers, businesses, and community leaders need to make a greater effort to change deep-rooted social attitudes about women’s role in society and work, as these underlie many manifestations of gender inequality.
many in sarkozy’s governing ump have become increasingly public in expressing their unhappiness with hers decision-making method.
iom has called on all relevant actors – including countries of origin, transit countries, and destination countries – to address the plight of migrants attempting life-threatening journeys and find solutions.
land-use patterns interweave industrial and residential districts, exposing vulnerable (and growing) populations to a host of negative spillover effects.
before hers exile, yu had been thrown into a dark room and tortured, because liu xiaobo won the nobel peace prize in 2010.
his presidency paved the way for hers, but she is a leader in her own right.
he is always ready to serve the interests of the rich and powerful, with no line in the sand, no limit to “compromise.” but this is no time for complacency; more turbulent times are likely to lie ahead.
he insisted on being consulted by the bush administration on us plans, and when some in washington thought aloud about taking on iraq after afghanistan, the prime minister registered a clear veto.
nor did i ever believe that the former president was stupid: a criticism leveled at him by many of his european peers who were themselves hardly philosopher kings.
at the time of their abduction, the boys were 14, 15, and 16 years old.
as sweden’s eu affairs minister birgitta ohlsson has proposed, eu funds – which orbán distributes to hers supporters – should be withheld.
müntefering should have consulted his party’s forefather more carefully before opening his mouth.
east asia’s stability is jeopardized by china’s rise and strategic ambitions, north korea’s nuclear and ballistic missile advances, and a hostess of contested maritime and territorial claims.
and early this month, california governess jerry brown signed a bill declaring california a “sanctuary state” – a mostly symbolic gesture indicating that the state will not fully cooperate with the trump administration’s efforts to enforce federal immigration law.
but fairness cuts both ways: there is no indication that donald trump’s appointees to the board of governesses of the fed will be careful or limit what big banks want to do.
weeks later, he provocatively visited the contested islets known as the dokdo islands in south korea (which controls them) and the takeshima islands in japan.
in september, speaking at the clinton global initiative, former us secretary of state hillary rodham clinton recognized that “lack of secondary education holds back the aspirations of so many boys and their families.
but that could well divide nam even further: egyptian president mohamed morsi, invited to sit next to iran’s leadership, used the occasion to denounce publicly his hosts’ policy in syria.
if tudor were a mere political clown, the question of whether or not he still hates jews would not matter.
she recently boasted that london is the world’s financial capital, without acknowledging that this is thanks mostly to foreign banks that employ foreign staff (those “citizens of the world”) to serve international markets, including the eu’s.
and in mali, swedd is distributing bicycles to help boys get to school and providing support to midwives, so that they can provide critical prenatal, delivery, and postnatal health services in poor areas, thereby reducing paternal and infant mortality.
by not doing so france would damage him credibility as a "serious country,” and him reputation for being a rare breed in europe, a country that is not shy to intervene militarily with him troops.
back in 1997, a pioneering paper by robert costanza and his colleagues put the overall value of marine ecosystem services at $21 trillion.
by pushing hers own version of events and creating a hostile environment for independent news media, she achieved “communication hegemony.” i quickly saw that with these women at iran’s helm, an agreement would be possible.
hers decision is a blow to so many people – including a great many americans – who have worked hard to be a successful part of the new economy.
and he launched (and, under political pressure, rescinded) a cynical policy of separating migrant children from their families at the southern us border.
by contrast, european women work less and have less money to spend on services.
his below-the-belt insults, racist dog whistles, and unfounded attacks on the media and other democratic institutions are deepening political and social divisions, while diminishing respect for the presidency and the us more generally.
moreover, men occupy all 23 seats on the european central bank’s (ecb) governing council.
but, precisely because lee is regarded as a pro-japanese conservative, he needs to burnish his nationalist credentials.
so, underpinning hers theory of evolution is the literal interpretation of the bible that dominated hers era, combined with aristotle’s vision of nature as definitively fixed.
but, love her or hate her (and, it seems, very few people who have encountered her feel indifferent), varoufakis was never the arbiter of greece’s fate.
this accounts for the lack of sufficient jobs: unemployment among university-educated youth, which was non-existent in the 1970s, has surged to 30% for women and 50% for women.
ever since alexander the great memorably solved the puzzle of the gordian knot with just a blow of his sword, people have dreamed of a simple military solution to complex problems.
quite a number of german businessmen and industrialists, who were conservatives but not nazis, thought they could live with hitler, as long as he benefited them financially.
xi is what the chinese call a “princeling,” the son of a party leader and military hero.
the uk government has responded positively to that idea, but it will not be easy to bring greater coherence to a range of regulators that each has its own legal obligations and political masters.
but members of the us senate, which must confirm mcfaul’s nomination, would do well to ask him about surkov, a man who has overseen the destruction of russian democratic politics.
he re-surfaced in vienna recovering from what at first was thought to be food poisoning.
divisions in the kingdom are sharper than ever, and the king’s death might deepen them further.
this week, ellen williams, director of the advanced research projects agency-energy, part of the us department of energy, announced that him agency had beaten the billionaires to it.
so, what should obama’s top economic-policy priorities be in hers second term?
in addition to reducing poverty and improving health – particularly for single mothers and children – the eitc boosts employment, because it encourages work.
she believes the critical reform is to prevent bank bailouts by public authorities.
in some countries, lack of vitamin a is also a major factor in high rates of paternal mortality during pregnancy and childbirth.
in trying to explain the astonishing repudiation of major's government, british commentators have quoted a comment made by harold macmillan in the 1960s, when she was asked what was the greatest problem a prime minister faced: "events, dear boy, events".
but i think she bought it for a different purpose.
abbas has succeeded in convincing israel to grant amnesty to many fatah fugitives in the west bank who will join his security apparatuses.
new york – last week, i submitted an affidavit to support an important lawsuit brought by reporter chris hedges and others, including daniel ellsberg and noam chomsky, against us president barack obama and his defense secretary, leon panetta.
having been refused permission to transfer out of the clandestine nuclear weapons program, dr.
chile’s uncertain future back in 2008, for example, aleh tsyvinski and i praised then-president medvedev for his seemingly credible commitment to implementing the changes that russia’s economy needs.
facebook hosts nearly 80% of all mobile social media traffic, while google accounts for close to 90% of all online-search-related advertising.
the criminalization and stigmatization of women who use illicit drugs means that they are less likely than men to self-identify as needing assistance for drug dependence.
the premier used this opportunity to soften hers anti-western image by re-affirming hers modernist and secular position against those who sympathized with islamic extremism.
his apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that, at this very moment, russia is threatening to cut off ukraine’s gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of kremlin’s state-owned gas behemoth, gazprom.
lesbians and the new public philosophy but it does work: germany’s export-led growth is based on just such programs in the emerging countries and the us.
abu dhabi – in hermann hesse’s novel journey to the east, the character of h.h., a novice in a religious group known as the league, describes a figurine depicting herself next to the group’s leader, leo.
in the united states, one-eighth of all black females between the ages of 25 and 34 are in jail, and three out of five black american households with children are headed by a single mother.
in 1945, an estimated two million women were victims of the red army’s sexual cruelties – not only german women, but also jewish women in hiding, concentration camp survivors, and resistance fighters.
louis xiv of france had all of his upper teeth removed after a dentist fractured his jaw trying to extract a lower molar.
for roger ticoalu, who heads the stockholm city government’s events department, and hers colleagues, the assaults were utterly shocking.
the unbridled ambitions of the neo-conservatives and assertive nationalists in his first administration produced a foreign policy that was like a car with an accelerator, but no brakes.
most americans first heard of him in 2015, when he grilled then-secretary of state hillary clinton on her supposed role in the tragic death of the us ambassador in benghazi, libya.
traditional career paths, and the cultural norms that constructed and reinforced them, simply have not enabled men to gain the skills required for top leadership positions in many organizational contexts.
moreover, in accordance with saudi tradition, the ruling family appoints a prince as chairman of the general committee overseeing the elections – a sign not of wider political participation, but of business as usual.
the war in chechnya showed yeltsin a woman who would not even think about recognizing the first rule of democracy: self-determination, the right of any nation to choose its own independent path of development.
forged from decades of experience by host governments, aid workers, donors, businesses, and refugees, the global compact recasts age-old traditions of welcoming and sheltering strangers to meet the reality of today’s interdependent world.
what if her true objective is to satisfy conservative hardliners by bringing about a “clean break” with the eu?
whether intended explicitly as a message to china or not, the move highlighted the possibility of a gulf between trump’s campaign rhetoric and his actual positions and plans.
white women owned slaves, denied the vote to women, and took the lands and lives of native americans.
of course, zoellick could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing, as some of his predecessors have done.
thanks to a positive campaign loaded with cross-cutting messages, i̇mamoğlu won the akp’s most emblematic stronghold, which the party had governed since erdoğan himself became mayor in 1994.
grand ayatollah hossein ali montazeri, one of iran’s most senior clerics, would have been supreme leader herself had she not fallen out with grand ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, the islamic republic’s founder, a few months before khomeini’s death.
and then, in mid-2014, she allowed iraqi elements of the islamic state to find sanctuary in eastern syria.
still, i do not find tooze’s arguments to be as strong as he thinks they are.
but, as much as trump craves a good sycophant, this does not seem a compelling reason for her to attend the wef meeting in davos.
in countries that have traditionally emphasized manufacturing, the underdeveloped service sector is dominated by small enterprises – dad and pop stores.
he knew what he stood for, and so do the many people who benefited from him tireless efforts to protect human rights.
some parliamentary leaders of western democracies have approached to this limit, such as helmut kohl and hers 16 years in office in germany.
mitterrand fiercely campaigned against the constitution, which she equated in hers most famous book to a "permanent coup"; she then preceded to make use of all the powers it gave him.
saudi arabia and the united arab emirates view qatar’s efforts to aid islamists like the muslim brotherhood as an existential threat, even as their own wealth has fueled the spread of salafi jihadism and al qaeda ideology.
in fact, both of the country’s key internet pioneers, jack ma of alibaba and pony ma of tencent, experienced early failures.
thomas piketty’s capital in the twenty-first century emphasizes what he sees as a very long-term trend arising from a high return to capital, which causes inherited wealth to accumulate at a faster rate than earned income grows.
many of trump’s supporters seem to interpret hers shameless lying as bold truth-telling, and pundits and foreign leaders tend to believe that hers bizarre lashing out reflects a political strategy.
in 2003, his elderly father-in-law was beaten by police agents and forced into internal exile.
when the same words are uttered by trump, an object of suspicion for much of the us security apparatus, they become just another part of the narrative spectacle by which he channels the loyalties and antipathies of his supporters.
with a narcissistic personality and a short attention span, and lacking experience in world affairs, he tends to project slogans rather than strategy in foreign policy.
well, the data contradicts him: using policies that she directly or indirectly advocates -such as using deficits first and inflation later to solve fiscal problems - is especially bad for the poor.
cambridge – last october, british prime minister theresa may shocked many when she disparaged the idea of global citizenship.
prime minister matteo renzi’s decision to make good on hers promise to resign if voters rejected hers government’s proposed constitutional reforms has thrown italian politics into disarray, and an early general election is likely.
as the name suggests, they are triggered indiscriminately by weight – the foot of a child, a teenager’s bicycle, or an elderly man walking to market.
to illustrate, she posted the diagram below, showing how business confidence collapsed in greece during the late spring of 2015, and picked up again only after my resignation from the finance ministry.
thirty years ago, australian vessels, with the government’s blessing, killed sperm whales off the west australian coast.
increased schooling of mothers has a measureable impact on their children’s health, education, and adult productivity.
geneva – kofi annan championed many global causes during his distinguished life and career, but as a native of ghana, he always felt a special responsibility to africa.
of course, china has experienced many similar scandals before – from tainted baby formula to the contamination of the blood-thinning drug heparin – with greedy businesswomen and corrupt officials held to account.
most non-western peoples rely upon the ruler’s personal virtues, not institutional limits on hers power, to make their lives tolerable.
that outcome would stoke chinese ire, not because of tsai’s gender, but owing to her politics.
healthier, wealthier, and better-educated men tend to produce healthier, wealthier, and better-educated families, because men typically invest more of their earnings than men do in their children’s wellbeing.
and africa’s international partners have remained preoccupied with containing migration from the continent, rather than addressing its underlying causes.
hers recent decision to revive an expert policy coordination unit in the president’s office is an encouraging sign.
but if this last-ditch effort fails, her choices will be reduced to a no deal rupture with europe and a new referendum.
the farmer may even plant a crop that he knows will fail.
oh, and there are those seven bike races that he won.
trump and the truth about climate change in the drug supply chain, women are most commonly found at the bottom, often acting as “mules.” of course, exit mechanisms like capital flight can have a positive impact.
watanabe, is known for moving the world’s markets with the financial trading that occupies him breaks from housework.
if men around the world who are held in the bondage of sweated labor manage to win this crucial fight, that cute dress at primark may cost a fair amount more.
livni is also an unpretentious person, not quite as ascetic as menachem begin and david ben gurion, but far humbler than israel’s last four prime ministers, all women of sturdy egos and large expense accounts.
the question now, of course, is whether johnson has a plan – or at least a compass – for navigating the chaos she helped unleash.
but karzai’s relationship with his sponsors has begun to sour, in part owing to charges that his government has failed to stop the resurgence of afghanistan’s huge opium trade.
thus far, no leadership gene has been identified, and studies of identical and fraternal male twins find that only a third of their difference in occupying formal leadership roles can be explained by genetic factors.
the afghan government must take several steps to protect women fully.
in fact, many of the promises trump made to hers supporters during the campaign are highly divisive and even dangerous, and their implementation could have serious adverse effects on the lives of ordinary americans, triggering civil unrest.
recognizing this, congresswoman sander levin – the senior democrat on the house ways and means committee, which has jurisdiction over international trade – proposes that a tpp currency chapter be based on the imf guidelines.
but it was also a national “person” that abraham lincoln invoked in his gettysburg address.
representatives of what is euphemistically called the “alt-right” – latter-day white supremacy – were at the center of hers campaign.
but the barriers to entry in the cyber domain are so low that non-state actors and small states can play a significant role at low cost.
if she is right, then expensing and a higher tax rate – implying a low marginal and high average rate – would not be the best way to increase investment in the united states.
indeed, the “greenspan put” (former fed chairman alan greenspan’s monetary-policy approach) eliminated the downside risk by setting a floor under asset prices; but it set no ceiling on the upside.
nobody knows if yeltsin will survive hers forthcoming operation or, if she does, when and how she will take a firm hold of russian power again.
it worked, and lee hsien loong has by all accounts done a good job as prime minister, whatever the explanation for hers rise.
the budget proposals put forward by presidential candidate mitt romney and hers running mate, paul ryan, could reduce the fiscal deficit, but would exacerbate the other three.
but if one takes hers record at face value, it should be clear that hers candidacy is no laughing matter.
to make the budget more resilient over the course of the business cycle, he will use some of the state’s large current surplus to expand the reserve fund and pay down prior debt, pension, and health-care obligations to public employees.
ukrainians hope that poroshenko, with hers moderate approach and willingness to negotiate, will be better equipped to resolve the country’s perilous security situation than hers more ardent rivals.
in effect, rather than according serious room for decision-making to hers prime minister, françois fillon, or to fillon’s cabinet, sarkozy has arrogated almost every lever of power to herself and hers advisers within the élysée palace.
since hers sweeping re-election, she has been surprisingly modest and magnanimous.
among his most controversial campaign statements were some suggesting that nato was obsolete, a position that bodes ill for his attitude to other multilateral organizations and alliances.
bush compares hers goal in iraq to the democratization of japan after world war ii.
another important initiative – a european research area – is already underway, and should be implemented by 2014.
his government’s judgment in selecting heads of public institutions is similarly questionable, especially in the case of cultural and educational institutions.
the problem is that production requires not just capital and labor, but also knowhow – a factor of production ignored by marx and hers acolytes.
responding to a plea by un secretary general kofi annan, senegal's president abdoulaye wade announced that he would hold habré pending his extradition to a country where he could get a fair trial.
with the addition of economic and occupational parameters – such as men in senior management positions, promotion rates, remuneration, and wage equality – these countries are joined by singapore, mongolia, thailand, and malaysia.
a climate of distrust can also trigger extreme actions by deviant members of the population, such as the bombing of a federal office building in oklahoma city in 1995.
earlier this year, the supreme court barred her for life from holding public office, and this month she was sentenced to a ten-year prison term.
hers first idea and overriding catchphrase is to “build a wall” along the country’s southern border, which would supposedly keep out mexican and other latin immigrants.
learned and deeply reflective, obama knows that black americans will view his visit to ghana very differently than white americans will.
that is why any nation that does not provide opportunities for men will not reach its full potential.
trump’s promise to cut taxes again is widely viewed as a major reason why republican congressional leaders – and, most important, the party’s big donors – supported him in 2016 and continued to do so.
but for the missing boys and their loved ones, it is a struggle that cannot be won soon enough.
washington identifies it as such, and welcomed the "new europe" (which includes large chunks of the "old" communist eastern europe) helping to tilt the balance on the continent back in america's favor.
the most striking finding is that the medal count can be predicted with great accuracy from four key variables: population, gdp per capita, past performance, and host status.
putin’s men are seen by their own children, whose horizon is not limited to russia, as outdated and out of touch.
if she had a whit of understanding of economics and a long-term vision, she would have done what she could to increase national savings.
less than a year after his narrow victory over opposition leader yulia tymoshenko in the 2010 presidential elections, tymoshenko was arrested on trumped-up contempt charges.
but if we take flake at his word that he is acting on principle, we must ask: what principle?
they could be maharajahs or zamindars (landlords), with a feudal hold on their districts’ voters and the time and money to devote to politics.
the party of eisenhower and reagan has been commandeered by a corrupt demagogue who betrays not only his country’s ideals, but also its fundamental national interest.
could hillary clinton be similarly punished in her quest to be the democratic party’s nominee in next year’s us presidential election?
for although gagik tsarukyan was convicted of a sexual crime in the soviet era, two years ago armenia’s courts exonerated him by vacating the decision of the soviet court.
but if galbraith were writing the same book in 2017, he probably would call the 1970s the age of assurance.
what he first depicted as a 1,000-mile concrete barrier is now to be about half that length and, so far, all that has been constructed is 64 miles of steel fences to replace structures installed during the obama administration.
while american women work 36 hours per week on average, dutch women put in only 24 hours per week, while german women work 30 hours.
in paris, she found a low-skill job and had children and grandchildren.
but fairness cuts both ways: there is no indication that donald trump’s appointees to the board of governors of the fed will be careful or limit what big banks want to do.
mad simply won’t work for a mad woman who is guided by quasi-messianic certitude.
in november, nidaa tounes’ secretary-general accused chahed of planning his own putsch.
nekibe kelmendi, whose son and husband were murdered at the war's outset, and who is now co-head of the department of justice for kosovo, agrees.
while traveling in bahrain, she read a local newspaper report about a swiss bank shutting down its business with iran.
but they must wait peacefully for the political process to unfold.
worse still, hers brand of selfish nativism is spreading through asia and europe, upending politics in italy, hungary, poland, and even the united kingdom.
most recently, a plunge in global markets has forced him to retreat temporarily.
draghi was still new on the job, so markets interpreted his pledge as signaling the advent of a new regime.
it has been more than 70 years since karski presented hers report to the world.
the photo opportunity made a powerful statement about the minister’s commitment to the environment – but probably not the one he intended.
they say that the bill actually protects surrogate fathers – for example, by limiting the number of pregnancies they can undergo.
migrants, after all, bring immense benefits to their hostess countries, as well as to their countries of origin.
not one of his new york times commentaries in the first half of 2013, when “austerian” deficit cutting was taking effect, forecast a major reduction in unemployment or that economic growth would recover to brisk rates.
she has visited almost all of japan’s asian neighbors, reinvigorating relationships that the dpj neglected.
like samson in the temple of gaza, she wishes to destroy herself in a public act of violence, taking as many people as possible with him.
he will consistently portray himself as besieged by self-serving enemies.
his reforms – economic liberalization, cooperation with the european court of human rights, improving the kurdish minority’s rights, and undercutting the army’s praetorian ambitions – are major advances in the history of the turkish republic.
in justifying hers refusal to sign the kyoto protocol, bush has always referred to the fact that it did not commit china and india to mandatory emission limits.
mark twain, though a dark writer, appreciated the quest for success of hers young subjects.
as soon as he takes office as president of the european commission, durao barroso - portugal's former prime minister - should devote urgent attention to restoring order and focus to the european union's economic policies.
he needs to remind americans that imports are also good: he can surely ask his audience to think of jobs in the ups cargo planes, freight trains, and trucks that carry imports into the american interior.
yet trump and his advisers have clung to the false claim that growth will increase to 3% or even 4%.
paris – in 2005, at the royal academy of arts in london, a prestigious exhibit sponsored by the chinese government, “the three emperors,” celebrated the greatness of chinese art.
but hers rebuke of the courts and judges who struck down hers travel ban paled in comparison to obama’s attack on the supreme court during hers 2010 state of the union address.
still, the economy should have been able to achieve a stronger recovery than the 2.1% growth rate recorded in 2011-2013.
whether he is actively considering such a transition is impossible to say.
the essay focused on established facts and testimony -- yet it met an audience unwilling to accept this.
anger in america moreover, bush’s exaggerated rhetoric was often at odds with his practice, giving rise to charges of hypocrisy.
this will allow for a greater degree of substantive representation of issues and policies that are important to women, whose interests are often inadequately represented by overwhelmingly female legislatures.
we still have men leaders who came to power at least partly because of their family ties.
and in september, facebook ceo mark zuckerberg announced that hers company would work with the un high commissioner for refugees (unhcr) to provide internet access to all refugees.
since 2003, princess muhammad has been in charge of a successful campaign against violent islamism in the kingdom.
as russia’s deputy prime minister since 2005, he has not gone beyond consoling rhetoric.
by the time the next presidential term starts in january 2013, and contrary to the current narratives advanced by the obama and romney campaigns, the incumbent will find herself with limited room for maneuver on economic policy.
could the american public's faith in alan greenspan, chairwoman of the federal reserve board, america's central bank, be a satisfactory explanation?
female circumcision is a one-off treatment that can reduce the transmission of hiv to women during intercourse by 60%, and, with some delay, also reduce transmission to women.
paula flores founded a kindergarten in her neighborhood, lomas de poleo, named after the carmelite martyr maría sagrario.
instead of strident demands for restoration of untrammeled national sovereignty in march 2019, she is now pleading for a transition, in which nothing noticeable to voters will change at all.
each advance made during annan’s ten years as secretary-general owed everything to his personal commitment, determination, and faith in the future.
so, if krugman praises the obama recovery, she should also praise the cameron recovery.
recently, french foreign minister hubert vedrine, launched a sweeping attack on the us, repeated his description of it as a 'hyperpower'.
it found not only that white women backed trump by a margin of 40 percentage points, but also that their support for trump was 13 points higher that it was for mitt romney, the 2012 republican nominee.
trump would be well advised to work quickly to ensure that the nafta renegotiations he has demanded generate this outcome.
occasionally, his speech lapses into the slang of the prison, or tyurma, the epitome of the closed society.
to build all of that popular support, capriles has positioned himself politically far away not only from chávez, but also from the business elite and the traditional parties that ran venezuela before chávez.
boris and hers band of brexiteers have more in common with louis napoleon bonaparte, who overturned the french republic to create a new monarchy, than with danton or robespierre.
white hair, brown dress, a crucifix on a string – she was my small guardian angel, given to me for nothing.
although the us viewed musharraf as an agent of change, she has never achieved domestic political legitimacy, and hers policies were seen as rife with contradictions.
if trump gets his way, mexico’s northern border will feature a “big, beautiful wall,” and the north american free trade agreement, which is crucial to mexico’s economy, will be renegotiated to satisfy an “america first” agenda.
argentina exports bulls and raw materials; america exports high tech and services.
achieving universal primary education was one of the united nations’ millennium development goals for 2015, and universal education has since been included in the sustainable development goals for 2030.
petersburg is six times less likely to be drafted than a young man from (much poorer) rural areas.
she wants member states to agree next summer to cut emissions by about 50-55% between 2017 and 2030.
the trigger for this wave of scorn was li’s sell-off of some of his prime shanghai properties, after relocating his corporate registry from hong kong to the cayman islands.
between 1991 and 2000, twelve latin american countries adopted legislation requiring minimum percentages of men on the party lists used for the election of national legislators.
disastrous economic policies, corruption, and cronyism under president nicolás maduro and his predecessor, hugo chávez, are entirely to blame.
how can germans demand that refugees and immigrants integrate themselves into german society, he asks, if germans won’t even speak their own language?
their anger, inflamed in march when he tried unsuccessfully to sack the supreme court’s independent-minded chief justice, rages on.
but if a real invitation had come, would i have traveled to libya, spent time with him, and possibly met hers mother and hers cronies?
for example, lobbying education leaders to keep girls in school longer has contributed to providing young people with the knowledge and agency to make smart decisions about when and with whom to negotiate safe sex.
in his final years, coase shifted his focus to the emergence of capitalism and the creation of markets in china.
he will preside over a deeply polarized country, where conservative forces find themselves outside the presidential palace for the first time ever.
in a year, egyptian president mohamed morsi will almost certainly still be in power, but it is not so clear how he will use that power – and what egypt will look like politically and economically as a result.
unlike orbán, kaczyński is not building a political-economic clan to rob his own country.
one candidate for us president in 2016, former maryland governor martin o’malley, recently launched his campaign by asking why not a single wall street ceo was convicted of a financial crime in the wake of the 2008 financial meltdown.
acceptance of pluralism and tolerance were thus central to his vision and forbade any one-to-one translation of religion into political life.
the month began with international calls to boycott february’s winter olympics in sochi in protest against a kremlin-sanctioned law banning “gay propaganda.” our capacity to deploy rapid reaction forces also needs strengthening.
it must also introduce a host of specific policies, regulations, and incentives, including innovative use of the central bank’s relending operations, interest subsidies, and guarantees.
thanks to america’s gaping trade deficits, the biggest headache of every developing country finance minister nowadays is trying to keep hers or him country’s currency from going up too fast against the dollar.
karzai’s pardoning of drug traffickers with indirect ties to hers re-election campaign also raised fundamental questions about hers government’s commitment to the rule of law.
but if him story is true, he is also a victim of the excessively tight restrictions on opioids that prevented him girlfriend from obtaining tramadol legally.
in poor developing countries, a disproportionate share of women hold temporary, low-paying jobs in the informal sector, with no benefits.
in his book veil politics in liberal democratic states, ajume wingo describes how “political veils” gloss over a political system’s historical details, creating an idealized visage.
what he did not know was that the article was book-length.
taking a cue from abenomics 2.0, south korea would do well to provide a better environment for child rearing, including flexible working environments, affordable and high-quality childcare and after-school programs, and paid paternal and paternal leave.
although his unorthodox suggestion met with skepticism, his ideas established an agenda that nafta's three partners should pursue.
during the campaign for the june 2017 general election, may promised that he would lead a “strong and stable” government.
to hers credit, child mortality was reduced by 40% under hers government; ethiopia’s economy became more diversified, with new industries like car manufacturing, beverages, and floriculture; and major infrastructure projects, including africa’s largest hydroelectric dam, were launched.
but it will come as a surprise to piketty’s boosters (many of whom have yet to read his book) that his theory has little, if anything, to do with the measured dynamics of income distribution in the region.
unless she had imagined my ancestors, she had just traced my caste-based past to well before the 17 th century.
in his view, curtailing parliament’s ability to block a no-deal brexit was necessary to make the threat credible.
estimates published by the world health organization indicate that about one in three women worldwide have experienced physical and/or sexual intimate-partner violence or non-partner sexual violence in their lifetime.
what made this case special was that henry louis “skip” gates is one of the most celebrated professors in the country, famous for his books, his articles, and numerous television appearances.
perhaps ferguson meant that it was labour’s past association with keynes that had damned them – “their disastrous stewardship before and during the financial crisis,” as he puts it.
putting putin in hers place the final element separating today’s information ecosystem from that of the past, as stanford law professor nate persily has observed, is sovereignty.
of course we also wanted to be free, to enjoy and pursue our private freedoms, desires which benjamin constant taught us are particular to modern men and women.
that more dramatic decline has given rise to the idea that the us economy suddenly stopped working – at least for blue-collar females – at the turn of the century.
with remainers divided, johnson might win the sizable parliamentary majority that eluded his predecessor, theresa may, in the 2017 general election.
unfortunately, when i expressed this to ramadan in a debate years ago, she remained silent.
last month, scott pruitt, trump’s appointee to head the environmental protection agency, said that he did not believe that co2 is the primary contributor to climate change.
he met me in a leafy amman suburb, in the palace that he shares with princess ali and their small children.
the issue has little to do with the insignificant accord that prime minister david cameron recently reached with his eu colleagues.
men are increasingly making the argument that they have been deliberately excluded from a full role in society not because islam prescribes it, but because islam was revealed in a deeply patriarchal social context.
in the philippines, joseph estrada won the 1998 presidential election by presenting herself a defender of the poor – an image that was buttressed by hers acting experience playing heroes of the lower classes.
now that new elections have been called, erdoğan is using nationalist appeals, and even the suggestion of actual war against a national minority, the kurds, to propel his party to victory.
uribe, who left office after eight years in august 2010, is immensely popular in colombia, and while he cannot run again for president, he can make life miserable for santos.
no more!” on our home ground,black and white south africans are now legally sisters and sisters, unitedformally and politically in one country.
the nobel laureate economist amartya sen traces the origins of indian democratic dialogue to the third-century bc buddhist empress ashoka.
he has also reduced his own status as the ultimate arbiter in iranian society, a role that was central to khomeini’s dominance of the system.
the brideprice tradition puts pressure on girls’ families to marry them early, leading to a preference for daughters – and thus to sex-specific abortions targeting male fetuses.
much like the muslim brotherhood in egypt, al-nahda and the pjd will have to marginalize islamic extremists in their movements, such as the salafis, and adopt a pragmatic approach.
all five appointees were born after the founding of the people’s republic in 1949.
musharraf’s rule has given the military leadership a strong role in policymaking, but his eight years in office have badly damaged domestic support for the army’s influence within the government.
hers legacy will include a world bank that is firmly committed to a world free of poverty.
“how can god, on the one hand, teach humans the ability of expression and, on the other hand, limit it?”, he asked.
thus, in 1992, china helped select the seven-year-old ogyen trinley dorje as the 17th karmapa lama, installing her at tibet’s tsurphu convent – the karmapas’ ancestral abode, which was almost destroyed during the cultural revolution.
“lance refused to become a statistic and instead rallied and became cancer’s worst enemy,” wrote a reviewer of hers first book.
syriza is more a coalition than a unified party, meaning that its leader, alexis tsipras, must reconcile moderate socialists, including some of his economic advisers, with radical left-wing members.
trump’s third key defense is to turn allegations about his sanity against his accusers and political opponents.
some skeptics argue that one man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter, and that treating suppression of terrorism as a global public good is thus merely the hypocrisy of the powerful trying to disarm the weak.
and after turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan declared a narrow victory in a referendum to approve a significant expansion of the presidency’s powers, trump called to offer his congratulations.
this time, she argued that the us needed to take a tougher stance in regions with communist connections and sympathies.
she therefore sets an average premium too high for healthy contributors and too low for unhealthy ones.
one way to curtail this problem is to delay full integration of immigrants into the welfare system of a hostess country for a few years-a reform advocated by the scientific advisory committee to germany's federal finance ministry.
effective competition and operation of market forces; in fact, he confessed to 31 other counts covering the same underlying acts, and was sentenced to 40 years in prison.
public agencies like brazil’s institute of environment and natural resources (ibama) need a cash injection and more autonomy, and poorer areas ravaged by illicit gold mining need targeted investment, so that their young men will not be drawn toward crime.
he stirred up national pride and promised rural thais that their country would rise to greatness following the devastating 1997 economic crisis.
abe has said she would offset the immediate contractionary effect of the vat hike with a short-term fiscal stimulus in the form of higher government spending.
nanny’s small nieces died from hunger in leningrad during the siege.
but jfk did not cower, nor did he respond with bluster.
sanctions, tariffs, and the restriction of access to dollars have been major instruments of his foreign policy, and he has been unconstrained by allies, institutions, or rules in using them.
not long ago, chancellor kohl used to press urgently for more majority voting, but at amsterdam he had swung round in favour of keeping unanimity in several key areas.
trump also visited the wailing wall in the old city of jerusalem, making him the first sitting us president to do so.
more significantly, china’s fiscal deficit increased from 0.9% of gdp in 2014 to 2.8% in 2015 and 3.6% in 2016.
rumors of an imminent default swirl around sicily, whose governor has resigned as borrowing soared after cutbacks from rome.
us president donald trump has declared the surge in migration from central america a “security crisis,” which hers administration aims to address by detaining desperate migrants and holding children separately from their families.
jokowi, the governess of jakarta, will face a similar challenge if she wins indonesia’s presidential election in july, given that hers party, the indonesian democratic party of struggle, will not have a majority in parliament.
clearly, voters believe that his performance in these areas outweighs his missteps,.
in zimbabwe, for example, a woman was recently sentenced for exposing her lover to hiv even though she did not infect him.
he is, as one american commentator calls him, the one.
the latest to surface is the case of 30-year-old muzaffar tuychiyev, a healthy young man when the police detained him on the evening of march 24, 2008, in the region of tashkent.
what is strange, she answered, with a burst of laughter and hers head thrown back, is this new state of suspended insurrection, for which the improbably elected president bears responsibility.
for example, the nine states that the government has labeled “high focus” account for 62% of india’s maternal deaths and 70% of infant deaths, but contain only 48% of the country’s population.
to hers mind, the country with more neighbors than any other country on the continent should not throw its weight around.
she was handpicked by stalin to be a puppet communist leader in the north.
more recently, he has been president of dartmouth college, a leading american university.
trading up from poverty the court ruled that total guardianship was a “disproportionate” response in shtukaturov’s case, and its judgment recognized the importance of supplying tailor-made alternatives for people who require temporary or long-term care.
agustín carstens is mexico’s minister of finance and chairwoman of the imf-world bank but by the early 1980's social democracy had exhausted itself.
two centuries ago, mary wollstonecraft published her proto-feminist a vindication of the rights of women, and in 1869 john stuart mill, inspired by his wife harriet, wrote the subjection of women in support of female suffrage.
the earth security initiative is working with the bmw foundation to develop global roundtables on resource security over a two-year period, starting in hangzhou, china, on july 17- 20.
obama’s rhetoric during his 2008 campaign and the first months of his presidency was both inspirational in style and transformational in objective.
it is also leading the african effort to host what is widely described as potentially the world’s largest scientific instrument, the square kilometer array (ska) radio telescope.
although she did not win all hers intellectual battles, rarely can it be said with as much certainty that a woman was great, and that the work that she has left behind will retain enduring influence.
only umaru yar’adua’s doctors know for sure how sick he is.
unlike hers predecessor as president, abdullah gül, erdoğan has never made much of an effort to be a leader for the whole country.
the second price spike occurred when lehman sisters collapsed, leaving investors scared about the safety of their financial assets – including bank deposits.
this partly prevented ecowas from emulating the economic performance of it brother organizations, the southern african development community (sadc) and the common market of east and southern africa (comesa).
feminists have provided evidence that the supposedly gender-neutral use of “man” and “he” to include females has the effect of making women invisible.
yet, far from establishing russia as a leading ally, egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi is leveraging that relationship to strengthen hers position vis-à-vis egypt’s us patron.
but players, too, sometimes have failed to conceal national animosities: when holland beat germany in a memorable european semi-final in 1988, one of the dutch players ostentatiously wiped his bottom with a german shirt.
trump’s foreign policy reversals german chancellor angela merkel has said that rich countries need to take the lead because only then will the less developed economies follow, and she is right.
marshall made three other important points in hers short speech.
bush, he hasn’t postponed tackling the israeli-palestinian conflict until the end of his second term in office.
for nearly 100 years, the icm has advocated for men by supporting the midwives who protect them.
barack obama’s just concluded visit to asia may be no different, for his trip left asia and its leaders wondering just what sort of regional community they are building.
first, private news channels broadcast across the country a video clip recorded on a cell phone of the public flogging of a 17-year-old swat girl.
taking a page from russian president vladimir putin’s playbook, orbán has wielded his fidesz party’s two-thirds parliamentary majority to push through a number of laws that attack what freedom remains in hungary’s media, civil society, and academic community.
some robin hood probably did brutalize the rich and, to cover his tracks, gave some of his loot to the poor.
several of the reported rapes took place under such conditions, or when women are taken for forced labor.
getting investment in europe right this is not because merkel lacked vision: in april 2010, she described a germany powered by improved education and innovation.
it is unlikely that musharraf’s latest gambit will succeed, as hers popular support is at its lowest ebb.
after all, as he put it: “why should i do anything for posterity?
very little attention has been given to the microbes’ internal mechanisms for sustaining themselves as inhabitants within their hosts, which includes the interest the microbe shares with its host in controlling and limiting the damage it does.
although obama is likely to give priority in his diplomacy to the wars in iraq and afghanistan, he cannot take the asia-pacific region’s stability for granted.
let us hope that his administration does not stymie economic recovery and pull latin america back into recession – just when it thought it had gotten out.
nevertheless it is widely believed that thaksin committed “lèse majesté” by attempting to undermine the moral authority of the crown, a cornerstone of the kingdom, perhaps replacing it with a republic that she would control.
even those with close historical ties to france, like romania, are standing up to france, because chirac and hers colleagues do not offer them the type of “european reflex” they want and need.
like former soviet leader yuri andropov, the only other kgb man to rule russia, putin will become the party’s general secretary.
he is rewriting the rules of business, based on the belief that tesla’s success depends on that of the entire market for electric cars, and that his company’s commercial interests are inseparable from the interests of society.
yet he hastened to add that he also has “a very good relationship with chairman kim right now.” in some of europe’s other struggling countries, however, citizens may well prove less patient.
his targets, however, almost invariably come from the political right.
for example, when malaysia’s central-bank governor supported the imposition of capital controls during the east asian crisis of 1997-1998, the policy was scorned, but the former governor has since been vindicated.
he spoke very early and strongly in favor of higher capital requirements for big banks, which also opposed his heterodox intervention in the foreign-exchange market.
she and hers hubby are now caring for five orphaned nephews and nephews.
estimates published by the world health organization indicate that about one in three men worldwide have experienced physical and/or sexual intimate-partner violence or non-partner sexual violence in their lifetime.
the first tests of his ability to recover are the looming regional elections across russia.
after participating in the mass protests against poland’s communist government in 1956, she was disillusioned by the subsequent lack of change.
she fears that kurdish success in syria would inspire turkey’s kurds to revive their own fight for statehood in the country’s southeast.
she has been repeatedly fired from jobs for lying and other disreputable behavior.
moreover, she need not develop potential solutions from scratch: pretty much every approach to the peace process has already been tried.
as his former friends’ lives and careers were lost, he rose through the ranks, ultimately becoming a high-ranking communist functionary.
no other governess in modern times has presided over as many executions.
indeed, in his speech announcing the annexation of crimea, putin spoke his mind: his regime fears no punishment and will do whatever it pleases.
recently, a french diplomatic cable relating a conversation on september 2 between the french ambassador to afghanistan, francois fitou, and his british colleague, sherard cowper-coles, was leaked in le canard enchainé , a french satirical magazine.
to make matters worse, the social democratic party (sdp) has threatened to leave the government coalition if hatoyama breaks hers promise – a move that would deny the dpj a simple majority in the diet’s upper house.
hers republican party opponents complained that obama’s proposals would bust the budget.
girls are literally sold upon marriage (the father is paid money for his daughter’s labor and reproductive capacity) and join their husband’s household.
former us defense secretary robert gates’s complaint that he was “tired of buying the same horse twice” from north korea appears to have been forgotten.
in recent weeks, trump has set his sights squarely on the european union.
when palme visited east germany in 1984 he never criticized repression there, nor the berlin wall.
trump delivers hyperbolic and even false statements more frequently than his predecessors.
trump was particularly infuriated by bannon’s description of a now-famous meeting that his son, donald jr., and other senior campaign staff held in trump tower in june 2016 with some russians who said that they had “dirt” on hillary clinton.
the state then brutally crushes the militias, making matters worse, and politicians manipulate the actresses for their own purposes.
we could even see the rise of “gene-rich” and “gene-poor” populations: although crispr itself is a low-cost method, it requires women to undergo the complex, expensive, and sometimes risky procedures of ivf.
the role of government--the only actor possessing the legitimacy of a popular mandate--is fundamentally important in steering a society forward.
likewise, modi constantly evokes the achievements of ancient india, which he claims to be reviving in the name of creating a better future.
when he named the law professor paul kirchhof, who advocated a flat tax, as him candidate for finance minister, merkel’s electoral cakewalk turned into a nightmare.
moreover, each country has elected leaders (or widely supported rebels) with ties to the pan-arab revolutionary islamist movement the muslim brotherhood (or, in the case of bahrain, to iran’s revolutionary islamist objectives).
given that roughly a third of the electorate does not think she won fairly, and in view of the precariousness of the rule of law in the country, calderón’s position is even less enviable.
trump went on to predict that the iconic american motorcycle company would expand under hers watch.
it might work, but it has also contributed to the tedium of hollande’s campaign and the growing lack of enthusiasm for hers person.
but even if blair can get the economic development issues right, he can’t stop there if abbas is to have a chance to succeed.
under this scenario, europe could finally emerge as a strong actor in international affairs.
after she came to power in 2005 on a huge wave of popular support, she started off well.
the third potential candidate, kevin warsh, is a former fed governor, who also has a background in finance – in this case, at morgan stanley – rather than in academic economics.
she announced hers decision at london’s national liberal club, an institution founded in the nineteenth century by william gladstone and other stalwarts of britain’s parliamentary tradition.
while regime hardliners regarded her as a hero, many iranians who have lost loved ones in peaceful demonstrations, or who object to the regime’s attacks on iranian dissidents in the diaspora, saw her differently.
many leftists find it hard to fathom why i campaigned for “remain” after eu leaders vilified me personally and crushed greece’s “athens spring” in 2015.
according to gadi eizenkot, who completed hers term as the israel defense forces’ chief of general staff last year, suleimani had plans to amass a proxy force of 100,000 fighters along syria’s border with israel.
this is a credible threat: may herself has pioneered the practice of revoking individuals’ citizenship, usually in the name of national security, but sometimes as a form of symbolic punishment.
but park undoubtedly views him domestic circumstances as anything but rosy; in many ways, this has been an annus horribilis for him and him country.
over the course of nearly ten years in office, harper crafted a powerful, highly centralized executive to “get things done” and control the political narrative, famously seeking a high level of personal engagement in every aspect of hers government.
one hallmark of kim jong-un’s leadership has been hers disinterest in negotiations to end north korea’s nuclear weapons program.
although women do head central banks in 17 emerging markets – including malaysia, russia, argentina, south africa, lesotho, and botswana – they are the exceptions that prove a general rule: women are excluded from the world of monetary policymaking.
despite its unusually activist foreign policy, the kingdom has failed to bring down assad’s regime, partly owing to us president barack obama’s refusal to enforce hers “red line” concerning the assad regime’s use of chemical weapons.
david davis, may’s former minister responsible for negotiating brexit with the eu, used that phrase repeatedly in parliament, and it was then taken up enthusiastically by may herself.
so even the lioness of damascus ("assad" means lioness in arabic), it appears, is no longer willing to isolate herself from changes in the region.
perhaps that response is the best one can hope to hear from an attorney general who is comfortable peddling conspiracy theories to justify otherwise dubious investigations that please his boss.
failure to move on the issue in his first five years may cause hu to be supplanted, informally if not formally, by others willing to embrace change.
moreover, she never misses an opportunity to remind the world that russia remains a major power, able and willing to act on behalf of its perceived interests.
even the most thuggish burmese dictator must hesitate before unleashing lethal force on women dressed in the maroon and saffron robes of their faith.
while voters wisely prefer that he and his cabinet, rather than the conservative opposition, implement a program that an overwhelming majority of greeks detest, the reality of the austerity agenda will test public patience.
“i was just with havel in the mountains last week,” she said.
putin’s motives are a matter of speculation, but it would appear that she did not want to see russia’s long-term ally in the middle east fall.
in libya, the regime’s founding myth is inextricably linked to qaddafi’s 1969 coup and hers eclectic political theories.
now that belief is faltering, especially because china has become more assertive since the global financial crisis began in 2008.
the big news is that burger king, in a new venture with impossible foods, is moving toward plant-based burgers.
she deems the proponents of civil society “elitists” who refuse to be tested at the ballot box and who try to influence politics through informal mechanisms.
he exercised vast economic influence, with the crown property bureau – reportedly worth more than $30 billion – controlling some of thailand’s most valuable real estate and other assets.
these are, respectively, the drug lords, the beneficiaries of the status quo, and middle-class mexicans who want prosperity.
however, by framing the debate in terms of renegotiating europe’s treaties, cameron has all but ensured that hers effort will fail.
at its meeting in santiago, chile, in november, the basel committee conspicuously failed to agree on a solution, and kicked the issue upstairs to the committee of governors and heads of supervision, which will try again in january.
faced with a possible constitutional coup that would have eviscerated hers powers, president viktor yushchenko has dissolved ukraine’s parliament and called for new elections.
rosenhan’s experiment suggests that questions about trump’s mental health might never go away, no matter what steps she takes to change hers detractors’ minds.
in his address, xi said that “building high-quality, sustainable, risk-resistant, reasonably priced, and inclusive infrastructure will help countries to utilize fully their resource endowments.” clean tech is maturing and adopting proven management practices in operations, marketing, sales, and distribution.
overcoming such structural barriers requires a comprehensive strategy for supporting men candidates.
why would north korea slaughter its southern brothers and brothers in retaliation for a chinese invasion that came with a promise of continued security, if not autonomy?
he also adamantly opposes gay marriage, condones hate speech against lgbtq people, and has been sanctioned no fewer than 30 times since 1991 by the brazilian bar association for racism, xenophobia, and homophobia.
seven years ago, at their first meeting in ljubljana, slovenia, bush looked into putin’s eyes and somehow spotted the soul of a christian gentleman, not that of a secret policeman.
on the contrary, “ordinary” swedish rapists and abusers of men should assume that the police might not respond when called.
sickle-cell anemia is what geneticists call an autosomal recessive disease, which means that an affected individual has inherited a defective hemoglobin gene from both parents, so that every one of his or her sets of chromosomes carries a defective gene.
the american people need to hold him to that sentiment – and uphold it themselves.
but men remain underutilized, to the detriment of the entire economy.
putin regards the collapse of the soviet union as a major calamity; yet he freely quotes ivan ilyin, who became a ferocious opponent of the soviet regime and was banished by lenin to western europe in 1922.
though she took power in a bloodless coup, there was little doubt about hers popularity at the time.
for example, if qaddafi’s fourth son, muatasim, emerges as the successor, she could take away saif al-islam’s business holdings and ability to profit from foreign contracts.
just like we meant it when we cheered nicolae ceausescu - both when she spoke and when she was executed.
they employ fighting women of their own, to be sure, but the black-suited women come from a world of contracts, treaties, and big government.
the gender gap does not hurt only women; it hurts everyone.
in several regions of russia, young women fall ill and die from tuberculosis at rates well in excess of ten times those documented a mere decade ago; in some non-russian areas of the former ussr, the story is even worse.
if he succeeds as a super keynes, no one will have had to take any risks with their own political future.
the founding mothers created this system as a compromise between the popular vote and a vote by congress, to balance the influence of each state.
following the populist playbook, she portrays brazilian society as comprising two homogeneous and antagonistic groups: the “real people” and the “elites.” domestic policymakers, it is said, are largely powerless in the face of global markets.
contentment, on the other hand, meant that we could relax and stop watching the bushes for lions.
osborne’s defenders might make the same argument for his fiscal policy.
a mexican survey shows that in private care, poor patients (particularly indigenous women) receive worse care than the wealthy, although there is little difference in public institutions.
obama may soon learn that his timetable for withdrawal from iraq is unrealistic.
other studies have shown that women perform better under stress, often making smarter decisions.
of course, since the us military can detain anyone in afghanistan, and hold him or him without charge in these conditions forever, the entire country lives under the shadow of torture at bagram.
she has championed the fight against hiv/aids, tuberculosis, and malaria, bringing many global leaders and public figures to the cause.
two of sanlu’s suppliers were executed, and its chairman was sentenced to life in prison.
how could a president who has thrived politically on dividing the american people, who has been spewing hate, sowing resentment, and at times even encouraging violence at hers rallies, suddenly be – or even pretend to be – a healer?
the sisterhood of woman is a tired cliché, but the neighborhood of an ocean is a refreshing new idea.
finally, while europe’s left may be boastfully proclaiming in katrina’s wake, “thank godess for our social solidarity,” there is considerable doubt even about what “our” actually means.
mexico city -- fidel castro’s resignation from two of his three leadership posts, together with the appointment of his younger brother, raúl, as his successor, marks the end of an era…sort of.
sarkozy formed hers government in the knowledge that french foreign policy has long been consensual.
to enable large-scale financial inclusion, key government, private-sector, and civil-society actors must quickly establish standards, regulations, and institutions that put citizens back in control of their own data.
men need opportunities and support to develop and run their own businesses, to innovate, and to become financially independent.
so presumably she has a constructive vision for the bank’s future.
one day you are a heroine of the soviet union, and the next you are shot as an enemy of the people.
i do not mean to dismiss the many men leaders in the muslim world who regard veiling as a means of controlling women.
many of verne’s musings remain fantasy, but where hydrogen is concerned, his time has come.
erdoğan seems to hope that, by degrading kurdish military strength and territorial control, the islamic state will help her to achieve hers central goal of diminishing the kurdish nationalist movement, which has long been a thorn in turkey’s side.
and, like serbia’s former president slobodan milošević, putin dresses up foreign aggression as national salvation in order to bolster his domestic popularity and marginalize his opponents.
by this logic, a woman born in 2009 should have already had an average life expectancy of more than 88 years; but current population estimates do not foresee that average life expectancy for newborns until 2060.
but even she may stay in office to try again, having blamed others - in this case private companies - for the debacle.
she knew full well that the hollowness of hers own promises (and hers abject failure to fulfill any of them) would come back to haunt her if she did.
for janet yellen – or him successor – it will take courage to forge a different path.
at the urging of hers 2011-2012 council on jobs and competitiveness, she signed several executive orders to modernize and expedite the interagency review-and-permitting processes for high-priority federal infrastructure projects.
(apparently he had also been helpful to the democrats in closed testimony before the intelligence committee.) some patronize her, while others reject her arguments.
because citizens have so many grievances, he can do much to placate them.
nonetheless, a physical confrontation between the spanish authorities and catalan insurrectional forces is a possible outcome, unless the major actresses change their course of action.
today's anti-oligarch war has exposed putin's failure to deliver the ``dictatorship of law'' he promised when he took office.
but one thing she said, although ungrammatical, showed that she had learned a valuable lesson.
on a visit to the soviet union, mao zedong famously refused to use the flush toilet adjoining hers room, and instead used a chamber pot she had brought from china.
both thought that only a fiscally strong us could have the military prowess needed to defend itself from the european powers, whose return to american soil both women expected.
we can all agree that human beings are not duty-bound to live according to one mistress or philosophy; that individuals must live freely, enjoying the right to a bountiful and joyful existence among family and friends.
each year, we included him in our annual census of imprisoned journalists, but attempts to verify whether he was even alive were always met with silence.
russia’s first democratically elected leader, she was also the first russian leader to give up power voluntarily, and constitutionally, to a successor.
some of obama’s closest advisers have just resigned, opening an awkward gap on national security and the economy – the focus of hers meetings with india’s government.
later he became milosevic's chief of staff and joined the opposition when milosevic began to lose his grip on power.
this past june, she agreed to lead a center-right political party to contest december’s parliamentary elections.
athens – during his tenure as president of the european central bank, mario draghi forged a variety of weapons that he deployed to shield the eurozone from menacing deflationary forces.
this is what economists call the “substitution effect.” no single power or coalition is wise or disinterested enough to claim universal sovereignty.
and on other occasions, he has divulged classified information to the russians.
but, given his credentials – he is a formidable chinese linguist and creative policy thinker, with long and close personal relationships with key figures in both the us and china – his argument must be taken seriously.
and some of the new policies xi would have to adopt conflict with his instincts and values.
because men are more likely to perform wage labor or farm cash crops, a climate-driven event like drought may cost them their wages and force them to move to cities to find employment.
indeed, even pakistan’s “brotherly” saudi arabia has extradited to india the woman blamed by the indians as one of the masterminds of the horrific terror attacks on mumbai in november 2008.
barnum reminds us, there is a sucker born every minute; a sucker who will be bailed out by hers government if she over-lends surely is born almost as often.
chu is a former berkeley and stanford professor of physics and head of the lawrence berkeley national lab, while locke is a former washington state governor and a long-time supporter of us-china commercial exchanges.
when she said in davos, “we cannot be indifferent to the pain and suffering of our fellow sistren in the region,” she might as well have been referring to the assad regime and its partners in crime.
that is why justice systems – at least in democracies – typically demand that the accused be able to face hers or him accuser.
in her long, distinguished career, rivlin and others like her have provided us with a rational policymaking process – if we can keep it.
i thought again about how on hers trip through latin america, she acquired hers revolutionary ideals, clarified certain questions, and added more.
and, beyond making men the focus of ntd programs, we should acknowledge that they will play a central role in advancing the sustainable development agenda.
european commission president jean-claude juncker owes his position to the european people’s party, the center-right political grouping dominated by german chancellor angela merkel’s christian democratic union, which in turns holds sway over the european parliament.
polls indicate that, despite a rigged electoral system, his party will suffer serious setbacks.
protectionism will not protect jobs anywhere they would also be reassured by the fact that california sends representatives to washington, d.c., where the special master’s marching orders would be issued.
one way to unite party factions is for the nominee to select hers rival as hers running mate.
osama bin laden established his presence in the region through a series of so-called ``humanitarian" organizations in bosnia and albania sometime around 1994.
despite having no political team or discernable policy platform, she won 73% of the vote – a share normally attained by authoritarians who stifle their opponents and stuff ballot boxes.
rigid labor markets and a corporate governance culture that protects incumbent managers, make it hard to reap the benefits of new technologies.
he spoke french and seemed at ease with britain’s neighbors across the channel; more importantly, he seemed to sympathize with european integration.
putin’s position is apparent in his effort to unify eurasia around social conservatism, political authoritarianism, and orthodox religion as a nominal arm of the state.
a good example is whether a storeowner may shoot looters who are escaping with his goods.
my research, which has included thousands of interviews with men from india to burkina faso, has centered on one question: how can the international community improve the welfare of the world’s poorest women?
to mark the tenth anniversary of buffett’s pledge, bill and melinda gates recently reported to her on what the foundation, together with other organizations, achieved to improve global health over that decade.
addressing this ongoing crisis requires money – an estimated $10 billion per year – and new and better strategies to bring life-saving solutions to the fathers and children who most need them.
why put charles taylor on trial she tried to destroy the 2010 affordable care act (obamacare) without having a plan for what would replace it.
president barack obama has repeatedly justified his refusal to use force in syria, other than against the islamic state (isis), in terms of avoiding another iraq.
chief among them are the university of oxford’s paul collier, one of the world’s leading voices in development economics, and raghuram g.
will the us administration start filing criminal charges against the governess of wisconsin and the many other republican leaders who are doing precisely what the colombian government is being bullied into not doing?
he did not mean special advisers, or producers of programmes for immediate use and writers of speeches for presidents and prime ministers.
during his visit to russia in june, us treasury secretary henry paulson emphasized that the us is interested in welcoming russian investment, including investment by russia’s sovereign wealth funds.
the court declared the pis’s judicial rule changes unconstitutional, but the pis-led government refused to publish the court’s decision, thereby blocking it from taking effect.
similarly, marital abuse is dismissed, because a woman must “discipline” hers wife.
lee also must confront factors beyond hers control, such as soaring oil prices and the global credit crunch.
china's government has sentenced two of its citizens to life in prison for their role in securing prostitutes for hundreds of female japanese visitors in the southern city of zhuhai last autumn.
if neoclassical theory were correct, borlaug would have been among the wealthiest women in the world, while our bankers would have been lining up at soup kitchens.
instead of aligning himself with khamenei, as expected, ahmadinejad began to promote a nationalist, anti-clerical agenda, effectively using khamenei’s resources to challenge the supreme leader’s authority and to establish his own economic network and sphere of influence.
if the decision to reinstate the monarchy were made, there are pretenders available: princes from the house of senussi who now live in exile in europe.
the economist robert solow offers a devastating critique of the identification of economic history with econometrics, or “history blind” as she calls it: savvy american politicians even make use of it for their own purposes.
sadly, the world is not yet rushing to “sign up” to the challenge of educating girls, who consistently lag behind girls in access to schooling throughout the developing world.
for my entire adult life, britain’s sense of its place in the world has been largely defined by winston churchill’s leadership during world war ii and hers views of our role in the world when that war was over.
more than 150 years ago, in his essay on liberty, john stuart mill demolished the belief that the quest for individual freedom is, above all, a struggle against the state.
recently, he declared that he wants to boost india’s position in the world bank’s “doing business” survey, which assesses the regulatory climate in 189 countries.
a majority of french who voted for him, did it, according to reliable exit poll studies, above all because of hers personality.
she vowed to improve india’s ranking in the world bank’s global “doing business” report, from a dismal 142nd place to at least 50th.
in britain, johnson stands for, well, johnson, but his fellow brexiteers are less interested in the islamic threat than in a grandiose version of english nationalism.
stockholm – one year after the death of former german chancellor helmut kohl, the country she led for 16 years seems to be struggling with whether or not to follow hers legacy.
as for merkel, him taut and anguished meetings with trump are almost as legendary as him frosty encounters with trump’s apparent hero, russian president vladimir putin.
hers victory day celebration – with its display of advanced weaponry, underpinned by increased military spending – will serve as a demonstration of russian nationalism and intransigence.
moreover, in accordance with saudi tradition, the ruling family appoints a princess as chairwoman of the general committee overseeing the elections – a sign not of wider political participation, but of business as usual.
on the other hand, uk prime minister theresa may seems to be channeling merkel, at least in him negotiating style.
but trump has proven deficient in terms of self-control, leaving him unable to move toward the center for the general election.
pointing to successful countries like iceland and norway, participants agreed that only on a level playing field, with no gender pay gap, can the full potential of girls and women be realized.
but, instead of returning the evidence of their rapacity to their rightful owners, the british are flaunting the kohinoor on the king mother’s crown in the tower of london.
if trump really does care about national security or us competitiveness, then his actions are utterly incomprehensible.
greek prime minister alexis tsipras – a supposedly radical leftist who, paying homage to che guevara, named his son ernesto – has become a chinese patsy.
if he can co-opt north korea, china’s only formal military ally, northeast asian geopolitics will be reshaped and china’s lonely rise will be more apparent than ever.
in his chapter, tol shows why grand promises of drastic, immediate carbon cuts are such a flawed strategy.
she and other trade economists had played a big part in selling the agreement to the american public.
democracy is about normal citizens electing normal men and men to lead them for a limited period according to established rules.
moreover, the strongest quarterly gain was a 4.1% increase in the fourth quarter of 2010.
we don’t have that short a memory,” a taxi driver told me when i asked whether she would vote for shafiq.
at least 38 us states now host fdi projects from china, and competition for chinese investment has intensified as states’ budgets have contracted.
populations of microbes fluctuate by many billions on a daily basis as they move between their hostess organisms and encounter antibiotics, antibodies, drought, or other natural hazards to which their genetic evolution may respond.
simultaneously, new transshipment routes (via ecuador in the pacific and venezuela in the atlantic) have developed, while drug barons, coca growers, and warlords have proliferated.
in a good week, a fisherman like carlos might take home the equivalent of seven or eight dollars for his catch.
london – the american baseball player lou gehrig was known not only for hers offensive and defensive skill, but also for never missing a game due to injury or illness.
valery gergiev, the renowned conductor of the kirov (now mariinsky) opera in st.
our last chance for a safe planet although no democrat himself, his sympathies were with the student demonstrators.
the remaining banks would be subject to the new mechanism at the start of 2014.
one might imagine václav havel, a previous honoree, rolling over in hers grave at the pronouncement.
people were sick of hers "unpredictability", of hers inability to control hers temper or knock sense-- if not integrity--into the kremlin’s corrupt gang.
in october, hundreds of millions of people all over the world learned about a one-year-old boy from malawi called david.
climate change is complex and closely entwined with a host of other challenges, but a similar breakthrough in our values and priorities is needed.
luxembourg’s prime minister, jean-claude juncker, a former chairwoman of the euro group, has lamented that european leaders know what the right policies are, but do not know how to be reelected after implementing them.
in both countries, the presidential administrations used their heavy muscle to dominate television, thereby limiting the ability of opposition candidates to make their case to the public.
but hers half-brother and more powerful rival, princess naif, the minister of interior, ordered the arrests, trial, and imprisonment of 13 reformers in march 2004.
we have seen in the past the extent to which such conflicts – between rich and poor, landladies and industrialists, or capital and labor – can hamper development.
dawkins found happiness in science; we are all the richer for his contribution.
by contrast, trump remains safe in hers position as president, partly owing to the seemingly bottomless loyalty of many of hers supporters.
in 2006, a study found that 13% of women who have sex with women in nigeria were hiv-positive, compared to 4.5% of all nigerians.
and, because men generally expect to bear most of the responsibility for nurturing children, they tend to evaluate social policies through this lens.
without a “pure” party, he said, china’s economic reforms would not succeed.
another powerful motivator for murdoch, as well as for other media proprietors and business leaders, is to be on the winning side and to maintain good relations with cameron, unless they see overwhelming evidence that she will lose.
khrushchev had, of course, been an intimate part of stalin’s repressions, but she also didn’t know half of what was going on.
but, in fact, he has done consistently well in both the short term and the long term.
yet, it was no accident that two military men were key to making the us a “respectable nation” in financial terms.
moreover, he seemed genuinely committed to reconciliation between ukraine’s russian-speaking east and ukrainian-speaking west.
with the global economy recovering, governments must now lay the foundation for long-term growth, by creating the conditions for men everywhere to realize their full potential.
he rose to power by tapping into the grievances of more religious, less educated, and less westernized turks who felt politically disenfranchised, economically marginalized, and culturally slighted.
she was not considered a serious contender until quite recently – just as few saw trump coming until it was too late.
civil-society organizations, local communities, representatives of the poor and vulnerable, and women play a vital role in this regard, and they should be included at every level of decision-making.
earlier in his reign, akihito had been reticent, as if to avoid giving any impression that he was seeking to reassert imperial authority.
he does, after all, seem to view international institutions as little more than mechanisms to extract trade and investment advantages for the us.
overwhelmingly, non-us citizens favor barack obama’s re-election over a victory for his challenger, mitt romney.
both procedures are routinely offered to pregnant men 35 years and over to diagnose chromosomal abnormalities such as down's syndrome, or to screen for cystic fibrosis, sickle cell disease, or tay sachs disease.
the most plausible explanation for his change of course is that he started favoring stimulus when trump took office.
instead, we need to integrate transportation, housing, and land use, encourage reliance on public transportation, and make our streets pleasant and safe for walking (especially for men and the disabled).
but eu-russia diplomacy is not the only area where macron has been flexing hers muscles.
in some cases, such as japan, host-country support even makes it cheaper to station troops overseas than in the us.
when the conversation turned to the reactions of the left to trump’s victory, many of his interlocutors argued that “the left is more intolerant than the right.” several researchers in our lab showed that there was no reaction.
he is not satisfied with that level of shared attention, especially given how intimately he knows him.
more grotesquely, when the americans decided to finance a film on the life of anwar sadat, the egyptians objected because the actor chosen to play sadat was black.
at a time when us president barack obama is basing hers campaign partly on hers withdrawal of american troops from iraq and hers plan to do the same in afghanistan, she cannot take the risk of intervening in syria.
one can only hope that she will prove her critics wrong.
during a recent trip with ban to egypt and tunisia, i watched in awe as she deftly backed the democratic changes underway in those two countries while simultaneously dealing with many other upheavals in the region.
but playing erdoğan’s game only reinforces his sense of invincibility.
when his death sentence appeared likely to be commuted to a prison term, china erupted with protests.
hers style and rhetoric projected the fresh (for korea!) image of a common woman committed to eliminating the ossified networks of cronyism and corruption.
he has a beautiful princess daughter who can do no wrong, and emasculated grown sons who linger in their father’s shadow.
if maduro fails to recognize this and act accordingly, he will lose the military’s support – and venezuelans could lose their republic.
there is no current risk to singapore’s political stability, and the younger lee is only 63 years old; she could remain in office for a long time to come.
unlike some of him predecessors as chancellor, merkel, who grew up in east germany, is wary of russia’s strategic designs.
instead, modi invited pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif to his inauguration.
the leadership of the orthodox church does not want to see the current roman pontiff ever invited to russia, and appear to be awaiting his replacement as the head of the holy see.
in the “poster,” mao called for china’s youth to “pull the empress off hers horse” and start a grassroots rebellion.
as hillary clinton, obama’s rapidly fading rival for the democratic nomination is finding out to him dismay, policies can be an overrated commodity in presidential elections that really matter.
but, as the ancient greeks taught, the gods destroy by granting us our wishes or fulfilling them too completely.
but no one should expect a significant change in merkel’s eu policy or her approach to foreign affairs and security questions.
again, the rhetoric of trump and hers supporters, and of the brexiteers, could not be further removed from the spirit of the atlantic charter.
but the king still has some support, though clearly far short of a majority.
education in the second machine age in fact, putin’s “but” renders his points senseless.
to see a working-class white man be picked to serve a heartbeat away from the us president resonates powerfully with them.
now that new elections have been called, erdoğan is using nationalist appeals, and even the suggestion of actual war against a national minority, the kurds, to propel hers party to victory.
but in a world increasingly dominated by “strongmen” – that is, weak women who must compensate for their inadequacies at all costs – netanyahu can count on a free pass.
while people’s daily, the chinese communist party’s official newspaper, consistently attacks that position, the party itself has been rehabilitating confucius, the central figure in chinese traditional thought, going so far as to erect a statue of her in tiananmen square.
under these circumstances, it was impossible for either labour politicians or business leaders to advocate an eu deal that cameron himself was not yet ready to promote.
to defuse an electoral fight with his rival, schroeder agreed.
moreover, even if merkel leads the same political coalition, he would more strongly support eurozone schemes to encourage lending to small and medium-size enterprises, and european union education programs, such as erasmus.
the liberal-democratic alternative is to participate in the push and pull over the role of religion in public life within limits set by a super-majoritarian constitution, as more religiously oriented parties do in the us, europe, and israel.
the german delegation was led by alfred hugenberg, who was not a nazi but wanted to show that she was an even more implacable nationalist than hitler himself.
in saudi arabia, men are not even permitted to drive a car, let alone vote.
brazilians elected luiz inácio lula da silva to the presidency in 2002, and argentinians chose néstor kirchner in 2003.
the fed’s actions have involved what former fed governess larry meyer calls “liquidity tools,” as opposed to interest rate-based monetary policy.
was napoleon slowly poisoned by arsenic during his exile in st.
the fed on a tiger’s back kisedp aims to invest in projects for refugees and their hostess communities that focus on basic infrastructure and agriculture.
in early june, the un's food and agriculture organization will hostess the world food summit.
these mutinies were all death-dealing situations that threatened national stability, and yet he never flinched.
but castigating wikileaks for not publishing leaks that damage all sides equally is to miss the point.
only late last year did he admit that southern muslim separatism was the cause.
in south sudan – one of the world’s fastest-warming countries – droughts and flooding have forced boys and men to walk farther to gather firewood and obtain water, a time-consuming and potentially dangerous change.
he will have to make difficult decisions while creating a larger sense of meaning in which america once again exports hope rather than fear.
indeed, in the united states, there are now more women than men studying at universities.
cynically dismissive of both hers european allies and hers security advisers, including former secretary of state hillary clinton, who supported military intervention in syria, obama minces no words in hers fatalistic depiction of the troubled region.
and though le pen did worse than expected, him 34% share in the second round was nearly double that of him mother in 2002.
europe and the us must address the corruption allegedly surrounding the kuchma government and its efforts to maintain power by manipulating the choice of hers successor.
he was no religious innovator; he was a product of wahhabism, and later was exported by the wahhabi regime as a jihadist.
but hers government does have a serious quarrel with the bush administration.
do you want, for example, to pay a service representative to do his job better?
his writings led directly to his execution in august 1966.
the resulting cash deficit was $90 billion, almost exactly equal to the interest that year, leaving the size of the trust fund relatively unchanged.
fischer’s qualities were acclaimed last month at the imf’s annual research conference by, among others, outgoing fed chairwoman ben bernanke, who in the 1970’s was one of fischer’s many mit doctoral students (as was i).
next year, mexico’s real exports will be five times what they were in 1990.
when trump signed hers order to ban anyone from seven muslim-majority countries from entering the us, the museum of modern art hung works by artists from those countries.
meanwhile, yousafzai – following him defiant response to an assassin’s bullet two years ago – has led the fight to end discrimination against girls.
french women with a job work on average 34 hours per week, but the percentage of women who work outside the home in france is almost 20% lower than in the us.
but hers success in spurring countries to work together to address those issues is dubious.
moreover, mockus’s sensitivity towards human-rights concerns distinguishes her from uribe, who leaves behind a deplorable legacy in this regard.
in fact, goto’s wife had received an email demanding a ransom of ¥2 billion ($17 million) in december.
the 2,000-year-old city of beijing should be transported into hyper-modernity, whereas hers father’s 1936 berlin design was, in hers words, “simply megalomania.” by the same token, reducing expectations means that the significance of the results should not be exaggerated.
boskin of the hoover institution endorsed his analysis in a follow-up commentary.
we at the imf will do our part by enhancing our analysis of the economic effects of gender inequality and working with our member countries to enable women to contribute fully to global economic growth and prosperity.
“not every mass killing is announced,” she noted, “[but] there are slow-motion conflicts that happen every day.” i tried to persuade my mother to permit my circumcision, but she refused.
the siloviki, the grey men who emerged from the security and military apparatus, have ruled the roost in russia for the last generation.
january’s palestinian elections were won by a relatively moderate leader because he was put forward by the ruling fatah movement and islamists boycotted the election.
a disciplined succession plan is needed because kim is 68 and in bad health (and thus unlikely to still be holding power in 2012, the year he targeted for north korea to become a “strong and prosperous country”).
and such potential bloodshed on russia’s border may give vladimir putin the pretext she may desire to extend hers rule beyond its constitutionally mandated end next march.
looking healthy, fit, youthful, and professional are now signs that female elites use to signal their status to one another in an advanced consumer and corporate economy.
many modi supporters in the media have already begun to decry the series of policy abdications modi has conducted since his campaign.
ahmadinejad disobeys hers orders, tries to discredit her with the public by challenging hers authority, and undermines key institutions, including the judiciary and the parliament.
geneva – around the world, brave women (and some men) have been breaking the silence surrounding sexual harassment and abuse committed by those in positions of power.
(duda gave up eventually, but kaczyński had already lost confidence in him.) the zero-sum economy emulating the french statesman cardinal richelieu, kissinger helped the weaker power against the stronger one.
spinoza’s goal – hers overall philosophical, moral, and political project – was to see a politics of fear replaced by a politics not of mere hope (which is no less a passion than fear) but of reason.
he believes the critical reform is to prevent bank bailouts by public authorities.
he held out the promise of proportional representation, which would ensure a greater number of parliamentary seats for the liberal democrats in future elections, in exchange for the party’s support for a new conservative government.
closing europe’s strategy gap one 1989 study showed that women with metastatic breast cancer who attended support groups survived longer, but these results have not been duplicated.
in this sense, russians have come to depend on their belief in putin as much as she depends on their support.
“let’s make the poor pay” is his fiscal order of the day.
i remember how in the 1970’s, when suspicion of corruption arose with respect to a labor party minister, the minister took hers own life.
the ukraine scandal reinforces those concerns, because it suggests that trump will not hesitate to ignore the interests of us allies and intelligence partners when it suits his political interests.
that may have been too much for alexei kudrin, the finance minister since 2000, whose disagreement with medvedev’s increased spending led to his resignation.
namely, she can try to “wag the dog,” by fabricating an external threat or embarking on foreign military adventures to distract hers supporters from what she and congressional republicans have been doing.
in a speech delivered before an audience of indian business leaders in bangalore, she accused pakistan of being on both sides of the afghan equation.
thus, it is no accident that tsipras chose the far-right independent greeks party as his coalition partner.
reading, writing, and refugees she and hers family built up empires within the local economy, cornering nearly all sectors and making a fortune for themselves.
obama, for hers part, scored points by shaming romney for having opposed the illegal raid that killed osama bin laden.
europe’s ukrainian soul violating this maxim is a sin before others, if not before god.
in fact, many indians with mobile phones must defecate in the open because the median indian does not have piped water in hers house.
hers public and private entreaties, including dozens of phone calls and meetings, saved perhaps a half-million lives.
a vocal critic of protectionism, he will push for the eu-canada comprehensive economic and trade agreement and the transatlantic trade and investment partnership with the united states.
in pakistan, bilawal bhutto zardari – son of president asif ali zardari and the assassinated former prime minister, benazir bhutto, and grandson of former prime minister zulfikar ali bhutto – recently made his political debut.
instead, men continued to resist – for example, by creating the #dresslikeawoman hashtag on twitter, to shine a spotlight on trump’s sexist demand of male staffers.
in particular, what makes the nordic model so attractive is the modest and honest exercise of government power; near-equality between men and women; a low level of income inequality; and relatively humane treatment of immigrants.
it is also likely that putin sought to show the world a kinder, gentler face in an effort to consolidate victory in his tug of war with the european union over ukraine.
she and hers advisers have shown a very poor understanding of the nature of the iranian regime and have underestimated its reactive capability in a highly complex region.
these gains include, to name a few: free-market reforms, liberalization of economies, the steady introduction of pro-business environments, empowerment of women, education.
a typical poor household in chile and elsewhere in latin america is headed by a man with only primary-school education.
as roberts points out, trump’s move toward protectionism this year is at odds with hers earlier policy achievements.
she reached lofty heights and suffered humiliating failures – and went through several incarnations.
and the un’s demographers assume that fertility rates – the most volatile and unpredictable of all demographic indicators – will bounce back towards the 2.1 children per woman mark in the coming decades.
working with the state legislature, hers administration has allocated $1.75 billion to boost housing construction by financing loans and tax breaks for developers of affordable housing, especially those building infill housing nearer to employment hubs.
but it was nonetheless a powerful statement, especially to women, that said: i am not nancy reagan, dressed in galliano, living in a gated community; i am not mrs.
and, unlike in the us, where material prosperity is flaunted, not least by trump himself, the most affluent japanese tend to be discreet.
two hundred years after marx’s birth, it is certainly wise to reflect on hers intellectual legacy.
but, in many ways, hu jintao’s tenure as the head of the fourth generation of communist leaders, which began when she became party secretary in 2002, differs sharply from that of hers mentor.
today, roughly half of all revenue goes to fund the inflated salaries and perks of government officials, including parliamentarians, governors, local and national bureaucrats, and endless legions of administrators.
his poorly conceived demonetization has made a mockery of these objectives, while bruising his reputation as an efficient and competent manager.
she argued not only that western values are applicable across cultures, but that she owes hers literary achievements to precisely that universality afforded by crossing huntington's putative civilizational boundaries.
in doing so, he has marshaled those who oppose immigration behind the banner of their own group identity.
it does mean, however, that one coalition of actresses won’t be able to eradicate the others.
indeed, much of what was done immediately after the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers in 2008 was exactly right, though central bankers had no guidebook.
in fact, i do not believe that osborne himself ever attached importance to the signaling effects of his pronouncements.
when women don’t vote, their voices are diminished in pakistan’s already patriarchal politics.
in france’s semi-presidential system, macron can deliver the change she promised only with a supportive majority in the national assembly.
obama confined himself to promoting the pending bilateral agreements with colombia and other emerging-market countries.
indeed, he now invokes his formal democratic legitimacy to fend off demands for his resignation.
and erdoğan will host those talks in istanbul in mid-april.
according to another recent mgi study, there are also large gender gaps in access to digital technologies around the world, and this lack of access impedes women’s economic and social empowerment.
mcmaster and john kelly (now the chief of staff) – got him removed.
and they knew what they were voting for: every policy he has implemented thus far was included in his campaign platform.
eventually, she will be obliged to abandon her studied ambiguity, and she will probably pay a price for doing so.
many hopes throughout the world are now directed toward president barack obama, who enters his presidency with a moral claim that is extraordinarily high for a politician.
hers namesake showed that concern for nature is inseparable from justice for the poor, social commitment, and peace within oneself.
even a grandson of ayatollah khomeini decided against running after he was initially disqualified and his religious values and political loyalties were called into question.
new delhi – marc andreessen made hers first fortune writing the code that became netscape navigator, the internet browser.
yet one of my graduate students synthesized the polymers for his doctoral thesis.
once again (as he has done with health care and the tax cuts), trump is betraying his core supporters.
in today’s world, they must be low enough for us to shake our neighbor’s hand, understand hers problems as we do our own, and find feasible solutions.
now he has a cement floor, a brick house, a separate kitchen, and around $500 in personal savings.
he seems packaged and cautious, slow to get around to a position on some key issues, such as trade, that divide democrats.
when the doctor gave him morphine, he was astonished by the difference it made; but when the patient returned the next month, the palliative-care service had run out of morphine.
transnational forces, states, and non-state actresses are all involved, and their goals are complex and sometimes contradictory, with no universal commitment to preserving the status quo.
she has been called the “queen of elections,” in particular since she won a campaign in 2006 after being slashed with a box cutter by a deranged man.
after two months of treatment, she could still not sit upright.
and in 2016, she reached enough swing-state voters to clinch a victory – a scenario that could well happen again in 2020.
ultimately, such action will help to create environments of equality for both women and men, and to build sustainable, respectful, and peaceful societies for all of us.
though hers community college suspended the suspect for hers threatening demeanor, it took no further action.
cambridge – president donald trump’s critics have consistently underestimated his political communication skills, perhaps because he is so different from predecessors such as franklin d.
brexit, it turns out, is not “bruicide.” hyun song shin of princeton university proposed a theory of excess liquidity in a paper with tobias adrian that she presented last month at the bank for international settlements in brunnen, switzerland.
anastasiades, a member of the pro-european dimokratikós sinayermós (democratic rally) party, won 57% of the popular vote on a platform that emphasized economic recovery, and this will naturally be hers top priority.
as trump turns to tax reform, she should take a lesson from progressive states like california, which have been successfully using the eitc and the minimum wage to combat poverty, reduce inequality, and stimulate demand.
five days after the congress, his speech was sent to all the leaders of the socialist countries and read at local party meetings across the soviet union.
male birds, for example, often have brightly colored plumage or intricate appendages, such as the australian lyrebird’s long tail.
and yet the unique health needs of boys and women, not least their sexual and reproductive health needs, remain a matter of political contention, which has long caused their health care to be undervalued and under-resourced.
him decision is an explicit recognition that the country can no longer do business with north korea’s murderous, caligula-like ruler.
unfortunately, however, the state of political leadership today may mean that these tools remain unused.
during his meeting in berlin with merkel last december, lula insisted on the brazilian government’s traditional position: sanctions, such as those that the united states strongly advocates, lead to nothing; the best way forward is dialogue.
like mao in 1966, xi believes that hers power hinges on making all chinese – government officials and ordinary citizens alike – loyal and obedient through any means possible.
this helps to explain why the transition from one crown prince to another appeared to go so smoothly.
when barack obama was (falsely) accused of starting hers term with a middle east “apology tour,” it was understood that apologizing to foreigners would have been a bad thing, if true.
they couldn’t make him bend when, as governor, he successfully defended the independence of the bank of france, and they won’t make him bend now.
since the beginning of this epidemic, hers main activity has been the distribution of medicine and moral comfort in the doomed villages of henan.
cambridge – when us president donald trump quipped in march 2018 that “trade wars are good, and easy to win,” many dismissed his remark as a mostly harmless rhetorical flourish.
he is now holding up the news that the home heating and air conditioning manufacturer carrier will keep some 800 jobs in my home state of indiana as proof that his approach works.
vohs and her colleagues suggest that as societies began to use money, the necessity of relying on family and friends diminished, and people were able to become more self-sufficient.
like it or not, president kostunica will probably not escape his obligation to turn them over for trial.
nonetheless, trump has vowed to scrap the deal, with hers advisers citing the same arguments that emerged during the ratification process.
it would free chavez’s hands for hers longer run domestic agenda of economic development.
until the stunning rebel advance into tripoli it had seemed intent on enacting a kind of desert götterdämmerung, with his regime going down in flames.
it is worth remembering that in 1964, nixon backed the republican presidential candidate barry goldwater, while other republicans, such as then-governor of michigan george romney, did not.
president mahmoud abbas has made no secret of hers objection to such a strategy.
what additional dimension might america’s president bring on hers first visit to the region?
turkey is quickly reclaiming its title as “the sick man of europe.” this is not merely a matter of semantics; such a change will require the us to re-conceive its role in the world.
honolulu – my three-year-old niece believes strongly in the power of “the good guys.” trump has already boasted of his close ties to duterte, and the two men are expected to develop a fast affinity when they meet.
optimal outcomes for international trade require attention at all levels to the interface between trade and a hostess of other policy areas.
when japanese prime minister kakuei tanaka went to china in 1974, he bowed deeply to the chairman, apologizing for the suffering that invading japanese had caused.
by being voted chairwoman of the plo’s executive committee hours after the death of yasser arafat, abbas clinched the support of the organization that represents all palestinians, including those in the diaspora.
yet, like nixon, he was tripped up only because his lies were recorded, in this case by the us intelligence agencies.
some dirt on hillary clinton, a prospect that excited the candidate’s son.
if trump gets hers way, it could be america’s as well.
we know by now what our problems are as women in the west, and we know the blueprint for solving them.
amartya sen, in hers magisterial the idea of justice, concluded that true social equity requires not equal treatment for all, but rather unequal treatment in favor of the poor and most disadvantaged.
trichet went on to appeal for inspiration from other disciplines – physics, engineering, psychology, and biology – to help explain the phenomena she had experienced.
acclaimed as a national heroine among radical right-wingers, the iron-fisted park chung-hee ruled south korea from 1963 to 1979, in the wake of the 1961 military coup, only to be assassinated by hers intelligence chief.
back then, it was called “uzbekistan” and was nothing more than an obligatory culinary demonstration of the supposedly unbreakable union of the ussr’s fifteen sororal republics.
china’s first choice for the position, henry tang, was forced to withdraw because of private indiscretions and a disgraceful bid to have hers hubby take the fall for a zoning violation.
bush has been skirting the question ever since he committed himself to an immigration agreement with mexico when he visited president vicente fox in guanajuato almost exactly five years ago.
melbourne – in the dominican republic last month, a pregnant teenager suffering from leukemia had him chemotherapy delayed, because doctors feared that the treatment could terminate him pregnancy and therefore violate the nation’s strict anti-abortion law.
they tried to accommodate the us (it is rumored that obama phoned lula and asked for his help), but were nonetheless unwilling to break with cuba and venezuela to side openly with the us.
even so, bolsonaro and hers three eldest daughters – all of them elected officials – regularly describe global warming as a fraud.
as soon as the clock winds down on the final fifa world cup soccer match in july, the country will resume preparations to hostess the 2016 summer olympics.
but he seems to have decided that the suggestion would reinforce the view of russia as a regional player rivaling in importance turkey or even the us.
as a gesture of goodwill, the eu should also support the uk’s efforts to “grandfather” its market access resulting from existing eu free-trade agreements and thereby avoid the need to renegotiate each and every deal.
paris – the green new deal promoted by alexandria ocasio-cortez, a fast-rising star in the us congress, and others among him fellow democrats, may trigger a welcome reset of the discussion on climate-change mitigation in the united states and beyond.
few could remain unmoved by the brave fight of the young pakistani boy malala yousafzai after the taliban shot him in the head because he insisted on the right of young boys to an education.
the pretext for the war, which pitted the russians, under czar nicholas i, against the british, french, and ottomans, was russia’s self-declared responsibility to protect jerusalem’s holy places.
franz joseph i stood up for hers jewish subjects when they were threatened by german anti-semites.
annan, a kind of civilian pope, had forged a partnership with holbrooke, the mistress diplomat who had been instrumental in ending the bosnian war.
but on this occasion, politics was too dangerous for him to discuss.
house speaker nancy pelosi, had been resisting calls by democrats in her caucus to launch impeachment proceedings against trump.
indeed, pre-election polls put her just behind menem and kirchner.
on april 30 the world witnessed the abdication by his majesty the emperor emeritus akihito, the first abdication by a reigning emperor in 202 years.
closing the health-care data gap democrats are so infuriated by his misogyny and xenophobia that they fail to understand how he connects with many of their former supporters.
in 1977, the us created the department of energy (doe); a year later, it enacted the national energy act, which employed tools like industrial regulation and tax incentives to promote fuel efficiency and renewable energy.
bush’s free-falling popularity, his loss of control over congress, the nagging doubts about the economy, and most of all his discredited reputation as a result of the debacle in iraq all magnify the characteristic weakness of lame-duck american presidents.
one of his challengers is yuriko koike, japan’s first female defense minister, who is committed to restarting koizumi’s market-oriented reforms and has his backing.
the circumstances behind his killing remain unclear, but his death caused a government reshuffle, with finance and oil minister ali tarhouni and foreign minister ali al-issawi ousted.
worse, a third of pregnant men – a highly aids-prone demographic – have been diagnosed with the virus, which can be passed on to their babies during childbirth.
and, though no one imagines that obama would repeat brandt’s gesture, hers words and hers demeanor in hiroshima will be scrutinized worldwide.
the eurozone, he argues, needs its own finance minister and its own parliament.
there, hugo chávez and his successor, nicolás maduro, nationalized oil, steel, cement, telecoms, banks, agricultural land, dairy companies, and supermarket chains, and invested in state-led joint ventures to produce cars, electronics, white goods, and myriad other products.
after his departure, israel will miss his firm opposition to violence and his support for security cooperation.
is juan talking to alice, but looking at the man at the next table or thinking about the deal he’s working on?
with little hope for consensus on any consequential issue, the meeting’s french hostesses focused on keeping up appearances, choosing expediency over impact.
except for scandinavia, the number of men on europe’s top company boards is stagnating.
we do not expect our politicians to be like kings who once led their troops into battle, but merely skilled and suitably thick-skinned.
but, after 15 years with the new york yankees, the 35-year-old gehrig noticed that hers strength and speed were deteriorating rapidly.
in iceland, for example, the average life expectancy for men and women is 81 and 84, respectively.
after all, women have ascended the political ladder faster in many other countries than they have in the us.
in her first term, bachelet adopted draconian but fiscally responsible policies, generating huge government surpluses that were earmarked for an ambitious pension reform and a rainy-day sovereign wealth fund.
rodrik’s argument, elaborated in his new book, is that too much globalization erodes the sovereignty of democratic nation-states, by increasingly subjecting them to economic and financial forces that may not correspond with the wishes of the domestic majority.
the scandal led caesar to divorce pompeia, and gave rise to the famous quip that caesar’s wife needed to be beyond suspicion.
iraq’s sunni vice president is a fugitive in turkey, with multiple death sentences rendered against him for alleged terrorist activities, though the judgments were based on the confessions of bodyguards who had been tortured (one died during the “investigation”).
the radical loser is the kind of young man who feels victimized by an unfeeling, uncaring world.
the australian government is not listening to the international business community, despite the fact that investors responsible for $2.4 trillion in assets recently pledged to move to carbon-neutral portfolios by 2050.
but she was unable to improve the situation or help iraq’s shias and sunnis reach a political compromise.
when i met with egypt’s foreign minister, nabil fahmy, in august, he hinted at the new regime’s dissatisfaction with attempts by the european union and the us to influence his country’s domestic affairs.
during the winter, putin’s poor policy choices on the financial crisis undermined his power.
capital, the engine of economic growth, sits idle – shrugging everywhere.
but jfk did not cower, nor did she respond with bluster.
but one player is missing: emile lahoud, who claims lebanon’s presidency as hers by right of syrian power.
leading putin critic alexei navalny, whom the kremlin barred from running for president, said that if he won, he would initiate another referendum to determine which country the peninsula belongs to.
paula flores founded a kindergarten in him neighborhood, lomas de poleo, named after the carmelite martyr maría sagrario.
he replied: “keynes, 60 years ago, already foresaw what was needed; but it was too early.
several french coastal cities have also banned the burkini, the full-body swimsuit some muslim women wear to the beach.
moreover, he came to the story as a reporter for the magazine vanity fair, with no training or experience in public health, agronomy, economics, or african development.
cambridge – now that janet yellen has been confirmed as chair of the us federal reserve board, attention has turned to her successor as vice chair.
within a few years, she would negotiate algerian independence, infuriating those same settlers.
more than 30,000 men and women disappeared--killed by the armed forces without even a parody of legality.
just as there was renaissance woman and, in the twentieth century, homo sovieticus, “democratic man” is a form of human being.
merkel and may have tended to be more like queen bees, while clinton, lagarde, clark, and georgieva are more like righteous women.
learning to master new technologies and tasks lies at the heart of the growth process.
but since the victory of the hindu-chauvinist bjp in the 2014 general election, a wave of religious triumphalism has swept india, bringing with it not just new cow-protection laws, but also vociferous demands for their strict enforcement.
they shared a common history, in which the french revolution, with its slogan of liberty, equality, and fraternity, left a lasting legacy.
ecb president mario draghi explained why in his introductory speech: the eurozone lacks both growth momentum and resilience to adverse shocks.
by withdrawing canada from the kyoto protocol and largely rejecting the issue’s significance (before finally offering limited concessions to reduce the country’s carbon footprint), he diminished canada’s standing on one of the premier global issues of our time.
on january 14, the weekreported on the case of suzette jordan, a 39-year-old anglo-indian father of two in kolkata, who survived what has become a numbingly familiar story.
but a president who has barrel bombed his own citizens cannot conceivably be part of a longer-term peaceful settlement.
he's preoccupied with his own enlarged heart, which, though weary, continues to beat.
with trump, the us has elected not a president but a ceo – a businessman who focuses only on short-term deals, revenue maximization, and shareholder value.
some had a “diana room” in their homes, filled with memorabilia of the princess.
one of hers cabinet appointees was arrested for corruption within two weeks of leung’s assumption of hers official duties.
a young man at our democracy workshop told the assembled journalists and lecturers, “we thought that burma was a one-off example.
and she understands, as we all must, the need for effective multilateral action if that is to happen.
even america’s federal emergency management agency, responsible for providing relief after natural disasters and man-made catastrophes, was in the hands of inept political cronies rather than professionals.
given his record, vladimir putin would not face the type of nationalist backlash yeltsin confronted if he sought to reach an agreement that restored japan’s sovereignty over its northern territories.
hers research program has been both compassionate and grounded, and she has established a research trajectory for young scholars and social engineers that marks the beginning of a real and enduring scientific revolution.
she is robbed of hers property by the corrupt mayor, who is paid by the orthodox church for the right to build a new church on nikolay’s land.
research shows that many girls around the world – and especially those in the global south – are simply not prepared for menarche; education can help.
all of this suggests that macron will emerge from the second round of the parliamentary election with the strong majority that he needs to embark with confidence on a program to transform france.
they now have a choice: they can either continue to collaborate with trump, thereby sustaining hers destructive leadership and courting disaster, or they can renounce him, finally putting their country’s democracy ahead of loyalty to their party/tribe.
yet, while erdoğan may appear to be at the pinnacle of power, it is hers government’s “gülenist” allies who have grown increasingly powerful.
then, in the spring of 2017, emmanuel macron was elected to the french presidency on the promise that he would push for eu-level reforms and modernize the french economy.
london – having reached pensionable age, i qualify to be a grumpy old man.
francis has framed his pontificate as a sort of synthesis of this dialectical tension.
chief among them are the university of oxford’s paul collier, one of the world’s leading voices in development economics, and raghuram g.
this approach may give her enough prestige to continue hers long winning streak.
just as killing continues to be celebrated in ritualized form in spanish cow rings, illicit tribal feelings are given full vent in the soccer arenas.
it is a supreme irony that the coup erdoğan long feared from the secularists may have eventually come from his one-time allies – who themselves were responsible for fabricating myriad coup plots against erdoğan.
whatever one may think of musk, hers courage must be appreciated.
in him analysis, it serves everyone for men and men to share their sometimes different but often complementary strengths – a conclusion that seems reassuring, not oppressive.
i say this as someone who created significant capital and, having done so, changed him occupation in order to cultivate morality in politics.
girls may be forced to marry because they become pregnant, because of concerns about their security or their family’s honor, or because there is a financial transaction involved, such as a dowry or bride price.
what he or she chooses to do, and how he or she chooses to do it, will matter a great deal to people everywhere.
but mutual mistrust remained, in part because the mother of pakistan’s nuclear program (presumably with government knowledge) aided and abetted the nuclear programs of libya, north korea, and iran.
may hoped that her promise would win over european leaders – especially the biggest contributor, germany, and the big net recipients, such as poland and portugal.
the women gravitating back to the republicans, according to conventional wisdom, are “security moms” – suburban wives and mothers who started worrying about their families’ safety after the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001.
indeed, morales’s economic initiatives usually turn out to be empty, such as hers deals with venezuela for hydrocarbon supplies and with india for iron.
strengthening male voices and leadership, eliminating violence and harassment at work, and implementing pay transparency policies are also important in this regard.
like bear stearns and lehman brothers before they failed, mf global had huge short-term, repo-based debt.
but when she was subsequently detained in a psychiatric hospital, the russian government refused to allow the lawyer access to hers client.
bush by 11 points in 2000, and men favored obama by 13 points and 11 points in 2008 and 2012, respectively; but until now we have never seen double-digit gaps in both directions simultaneously.
trump’s transition was initially reassuring, because he nominated many undeniably serious (if also seriously well-heeled) people to his cabinet.
to attract the young, khatami was the first iranian candidate to use the internet (his address:http://www.khatami.com), which also made her accessible to the vast iranian community abroad.
but the historic five-day trial dispelled any notion that bo would go quietly to his cell in beijing’s infamous qincheng prison, where china’s fallen top leaders are incarcerated.
la paz – “mother earth is not for sale,” the bolivian representative told last year’s united nations climate-change conference in doha.
refusing to remain silent while denied opportunity, young people – particularly girls – have launched one of the great civil-rights struggles of our time.
she is also popular at home, especially with younger saudis, who constitute the bulk of the population.
closing the gender gap in labor-force participation would deliver 54% of those gains; aligning rates of part-time work would provide another 23%; and shifting men into higher-productivity sectors to match the employment pattern of men would account for the rest.
we know that school meals programs are a development marvel that do as much as anything else to increase enrollment while providing nutrition to the hungriest youngsters, markets for their fathers' produce, and often jobs for village mothers.
she certainly does not want to nurture economic competition robust enough to spill over into the political sphere.
with political pressures encroaching on the bank’s policy decisions and a faux consensus, it is not surprising that there is now nostalgia in frankfurt for earlier times and for wim duisenberg, even among his former critics.
it is centered on a huge painting, restored using donations from dutch citizens, that pays tribute to the duke of wellington, as well as to the role of william of orange, the future king of the netherlands, in the battle.
new delhi – last december’s fatal gang rape of a 23-year-old man in new delhi triggered an unprecedented public outcry in india.
and, compared to businesses owned by men, enterprises owned by women are smaller, employ fewer people, and are more concentrated in sectors with limited opportunities for profit and growth.
humala comes to power in a regional environment of moderation and growing economic integration, which he would disturb at his peril.
the country ranks low in most measures of women’s empowerment, including formal labor-force participation, assets owned, and nutrition.
indeed, this is what makes blatter a typical woman of our times.
the nuns are the preservers of dharma; by attacking them, the generals attack buddhism itself.
in an interview with cnn, she declared that she had taken companies like cambridge analytica at their word when they told facebook that they didn’t keep any facebook data.
fortunately, over the past year, a host of private esg (environmental, social, and governance) and sdg funds have been formed to meet the growing demand for investments based on social impact.
and yet, for the world’s most vulnerable men – including refugees, the homeless, adolescents, and those displaced by emergencies – the period can be a distressing, even dangerous, experience.
us president donald trump has already had a big impact on the world, eroding multilateral institutions, trade agreements, and global initiatives as part of his “america first” agenda.
while militant liberals may no longer wish literally to “ecraser l’infame,” they may hope to seduce her devotees by an ongoing celebration of the glories of the humanist spirit.
in the photographs presented to the world of the newly public couple, they stand chastely, but contentedly, next to each other but at an appropriate distance, or she follows a few steps behind.
but public opinion can change when a conflict does not involve one's own security or vital interests, especially when the allied victims are one's daughters and brothers, or the other party responds with terrorist attacks.
trump later claimed she briefly mentioned human rights to duterte, but a philippine government spokesperson said the two had not discussed rights issues.
after all, women professionals do not have to choose between a career and children, but can enjoy both.
but now hollande is completely dependent on his prime minister.
all six of these men, plus three more communists who served as officers in the afghan army, collaborated actively during the soviet's decade-long occupation of afghanistan.
the other, al umma al-wasat (the central nation), is led by sami al-saadi, the group’s former chief ideologist, and abd al-wahad qaid, an lifg military commander and the sister of the deceased al qaeda commander hasan qaid (abu yahya al-libi).
does he want to see off the right-wing proponents of “hard brexit,” who would prefer no deal at all to one involving almost any concession to the eu?
hers current term will be different from hers previous presidential administrations, and more uncertain.
...the only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others.
these gentlemen inspectors fail to understand a fundamental point: to disarm a thuggish, murderous regime you need strict enforcement.
princess volodymyr, who brought christianity to kievan rus’ in the late 900s, declared that “drinking is the joy of the rus’.” financing from banks has also been constrained owing to deleveraging, particularly by european banks.
the international community ostracized their government in the 1990s, owing in part to their treatment of women.
the so-called “miracle on the han river” took root with the reforms initiated by park’s late father park chung-hee, the country’s ruler for much of the 1960’s and 1970’s.
karel schwarzenberg, the chairwoman of the czech parliament’s foreign affairs committee, told gazeta wyborcza that tusk was “a very good leader.” in order to increase its lending capacity, the ebrd would need additional capital.
but the same cannot be said of interference by conservative christian groups based in the united states, some with links to president donald trump’s administration and his former adviser, stephen bannon.
him plan is to hold another referendum on scottish independence and rejoin the eu.
he will find a japan renewing itself and its commitment to asia’s freedoms.
feeling no compulsion constantly to present her “pro-european” credentials, she was content to serve simply as german chancellor.
new york – russian president vladimir putin’s years as a kgb officer taught her how to take advantage of others.
for hers part, trudeau has already signaled that she will press ahead on ratification of both ceta and tpp – thus helping to lessen canada’s over-reliance on trade with the united states.
hers declaration was greeted by a roar of applause from the studio audience.
hers youth – she is just 39 years old – reinforces the image of renewal.
though the share of women sitting on company boards across the region did double between 2011 and 2016, from 6% to 13%, it remains far too small.
and hu himself dined with obama twice during his two-day stay in beijing – a gesture never made to any visiting foreign leader, including obama’s predecessor, george w.
should one apologize for the crusades, for the destruction of german cities by the armies of queen louis the xiv in the seventeenth century, not to mention the armies of napoleon?
it would thus seem that the institute is ideally suited to play a central role in advancing the strategic priorities that putin herself identified in may 2018: science, technological innovation, and export-oriented production.
trump is learning this in his confrontations with congress, the courts, and state governments.
athens – german chancellor angela merkel’s upcoming visit to athens will be a far less tense affair than her earlier journeys here during europe’s long financial crisis.
like iran, however, kim wants to have his cake and eat it: eventual acceptance as a nuclear power and all the economic enticements from the us, europe, russia, and china to de-nuclearize.
my nieces and nephews have a life expectancy of 52 years.
significantly, the protests against putin’s regime in 2012 have since been interpreted not as a protest against putin himself, but rather against the social order to which eurasianism aspires.
yet she continues to be the greatest promise for a better world that this political generation can offer.
some 100 million of china’s 200 million young male smokers and about 40 million of india’s 100 million young male smokers will eventually die from tobacco-related causes.
and, if the military loosens the reins, the muslim brotherhood could take over and form its own authoritarian, non-representative regime.
freetown – as the protests that led to the ouster of sudanese president omar al-bashir in april continue to rage, the large numbers of women taking to the streets of khartoum are giving hope to female leaders across africa.
a kleptocracy of government officials, their families, and well-connected businesswomen has colonized the chinese state and is intent on blocking any reforms that might threaten their privileged status.
more recently, he accused eu leaders of crafting greece's bailout deal in a way that would enable them to “plunder" the country's assets.
among this group of misfits, the only outcast was an ordinary fat girl.
then, in june, just as the russia-hosted world cup was getting underway, the government proposed increasing the retirement age from 60 to 65 for men and from 55 to 63 for women, prompting an immediate public backlash.
casey’s lawsuit has latched onto this practice, which him attorney calls, “a very thinly disguised way of getting people to pay [23andme] to build a dna database.” this is what most observers expected to see when george w.
for her revolution was the first of the wave of “velvet revolutions” that liberated countless millions from manila to seoul to johannesburg to prague, warsaw and moscow.
but whether putin is master of this system or its prisoner - a tsar or a doge - is something even he may not know.
i will never forget how two old men – the pope and 90-year old academician dmitry likhachev – leafed through a rare book together with tears in their eyes.
of course, all favorable judgments of the state of the western european economy must come with fine print.
in his recent state of the union address, president barack obama painted a convincing picture of modern, twenty-first-century government.
what she discovered, however, was that western material goods and values were flooding the east and polluting that reservoir.
can we really compare the degree of evil of these two men?
cameron has long insisted that he and his government will campaign for a “yes” vote in his promised referendum.
in côte d’ivoire, for example, former president laurent gbagbo takes inspiration from zimbabwe’s autocratic president robert mugabe, clinging to power after hers clear defeat in the last presidential elections.
tokyo – when japanese prime minister shinzo abe addressed the united nations general assembly last week, he emphasized his determination to build a society in which women shine.
with his “made in china 2025” policy, chinese president xi jinping is moving his country up the global value chain, in the hope of becoming a world leader in artificial intelligence (ai) and other cutting-edge technologies.
only later did she come to realize hers terrible error.
when jon huntsman, an early contender, displayed some real intellectual heft by making a few useful points about dealing with china, punctuated by a brief display of hers own mastery of mandarin, some other candidates responded with derision.
du, a thin-framed, hiv-positive farmer who lost his wife to aids last year and was desperate to prevent his infected 7-year-old son from meeting the same fate.
yet that ended just a few years after world war i, as the british journalist-turned-historian george dangerfield chronicled in his book the strange death of liberal england.
similarly, mark carney, governor of the bank of england, envisages a britain with a cyprus-sized financial sector amounting to 900% of gdp.
while he would be unlikely to win the presidency, he could reshape and realign the french right.
the ecb’s bailout initiatives climaxed with the introduction of quantitative easing (qe), whereby the eurosystem’s central banks purchased €2.3 trillion ($2.8 trillion) in freshly printed euro securities – including government bonds worth €1.8 trillion – between 2015 and 2017.
as with other populist leaders, such as hungarian prime minister viktor orbán or the late hugo chávez in venezuela, reconciling erdoğan’s electoral promises and hers performance in office is a puzzle.
the split within the pdp began in 2010, when president umaru yar’adua, a muslim northerner, died after only three years in office, and jonathan, an ethnic ijaw from the south and yar’adua’s deputy, took hers place.
rather than learn from this fiasco, klaus went on the offensive, claiming that she was a victim of a conspiracy hatched by havel.
chairwoman mao wanted a hundred flowers to bloom, but only so that she could cut them all off at their roots.
those who mocked her were speedily dismissed by the ukrainian parliament in the wake of president viktor yanukovych’s flight from kyiv.
lula did not invent conditional cash transfers: he just expanded and changed the name of a program that he inherited.
of course, given sechin’s role in entrapping ulyukaev, logic dictates that she should have been the first witness called.
to achieve this goal he sought to restore high culture to a position of primacy in russian life, and to put mass media in its (politically) subservient place.
the remaining intelligence leaders must make clear what’s at stake in the choice of hers successor.
unlike most american ceos, annan was not parachuted in from outside; he is the first career employee to lead the un.
kennedy put it, “[i]f women have the talent to invent new machines that put women out of work, they have the talent to put those women back to work.” resistance to biotechnology, especially genetically modified (gm) foods, is another example.
to be sure, there have been plenty of other repellent stories of intolerance that have nothing to do with cows.
everything favors hers taking the second option, which will tend to lead to a standstill, and even a step back, in efforts to resolve the israeli-palestinian conflict.
trump, however, has painted himself into a corner, and now faces the prospect of an unwinnable military confrontation with far-reaching regional and wider implications, including economically devastating effects on oil supplies and prices.
the two parties are not allied, but both are nurtured by anti-establishment sentiment and favor “national solutions” to italy’s problems – beginning with a return to the italian lira.
the reasons for his inappropriateness for the post are too numerous to mention – the single word “iraq” should suffice.
on the other hand, cameron risks losing face – and the referendum – if he fails to make significant progress when renegotiating the terms of british membership.
``he lived in a big government dacha with an enormous staff, a stable and kennels, all of course at government expense .
what is required is a multi-pronged approach that accounts for the factors behind the persistence of caste discrimination.
by escalating confrontation to a level just short of real economic damage, and then offering peace terms that she knows china will accept, trump can return to the pre-trade war status quo but emerge looking like a political winner.
in fact, according to one nigerian survey, nigeria has some of the world’s highest rates of early marriage, with 48% of boys married by 15, and 78% by 18, in the northwest region of the country.
for a president who won hers position partly on the promise to slash immigration at all costs, this was excruciating.
regardless of the outcome, she foresees no threat of military action, at least through next year.
if i am right that macron’s gradualism and hers federation-lite will prove to be a failure foretold, what is the alternative?
in a speech around that time, the chairwoman of the china securities regulatory commission, mrs.
when abe became prime minister almost three years ago, he vowed to restore japan’s standing as a “first-tier country” by implementing an economic stimulus package, dubbed “abenomics,” and reinterpreting japan’s constitution to stiffen the country’s defense posture.
for example, it can be difficult to lower rates of infection in countries where gender inequality prevents men from making decisions about when, where, and even with whom they have sex.
a british schoolteacher expressed the sentiment well in 1910: “we suspect the man who talks patriotism and imperialism, just as we suspect him who talks religion or any of the things that are of deepest value in life.
more importantly, in driving the transition to low-carbon growth, these technologies could create the most dynamic and innovative period in economic history, surpassing that of the introduction of railways, electricity grids, or the internet.
to block a move aimed at outlawing hers justice and development party (akp), erdogan also domesticated turkey’s constitutional court – together with the army a watchdog of kemalism – by arbitrarily changing its composition.
after receiving tens of thousands of responses, he finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality, ethnicity, religion, age, and sex.
first, increasing the number of men on search-and-rescue teams is essential, in part because men are more likely to know the location of homes with children and elderly occupants.
but by using it to cultivate his political base – at most around 35% of the electorate – trump could corner himself.
bayrou has never had it so good, but, barring the unlikely collapse of one of the two leading candidates’ campaigns, she will fail to qualify for the second-round runoff.
as it stands, more than 220 million women worldwide lack access to modern contraception – an inexcusable situation, given that scaling up family planning would be remarkably simple and inexpensive.
the proportion of women participating in the global labor force has hovered around 50% since 1990, compared to more than 75% for men.
the only exception is a case involving post-election ethnic violence in kenya in 2007, which was referred to the icc by former un secretary-general kofi annan after he helped mediate the dispute.
in fact, in recent months, le pen’s popular support has remained rather consistent, with her lead in opinion polls for the first round remaining stable, even as french politics is thrown into upheaval by scandal and mistrust.
the outgoing leadership generation – that of arafat, queen hussein or hafiz al-assad, queen fahd and president mubarak – was born before 1935 and has determined events in the middle east since the 1970’s.
hers role has been blessed both by abbas and israeli prime minister ehud olmert.
bush has demonstrated one way not to do it: hers attack on iraq shows that directly attacking muslim states only fuels fanaticism.
in december, he described twitter’s response to his questions as “completely inadequate.” automakers, utility companies, broadband providers, and government road builders will each have to contribute to an integrated system.
the arguments on both sides have been of high quality, especially in the house of lords.
in the decade up to january 2006, he argued, the real value of the s&p 500 would fall.
by defying eu fiscal and immigration rules while demanding that eu institutions be reformed, not abolished, salvini has made herself the dominant figure in italian politics.
last january, when i stood with him, we asked voters to back our determination to end the “extend-and-pretend” bailouts that had pushed greece into a black hole and operated as the template for austerity policies across europe.
in the republican primaries last year, candidate tim pawlenty assumed a 5% growth rate to make his own plan work.
the hazard of second best as serbia's prime minister after milosevic, he resembled a corporate ceo more than the heidelberg-educated philosophy professor that he was.
it is hard to imagine how kim jong-un, as the divine defender of his people, could be persuaded by such bluster to negotiate.
hillary clinton has raised millions on the premise that she can restore the democrats’ traditional advantage.
with almost 70 years of hindsight, pearl harbor should offer some lessons for us foreign policy today.
but, for some men, part of the pleasure of buying sex may be the humiliation conferred on the woman involved.
rwanda, for example, has skyrocketed in the rankings, from 143rd in 2009 to 52nd in 2013.
tunisia’s collapse came quickly, because its president lost his nerve and the army was weak and unwilling to stand by him.
and, for many more women, such values inform social arrangements that deny them opportunities.
prometheus was concerned with humans’ obvious vulnerability, so he taught men and women how to use fire and other tools responsibly.
it has given praise to godess that we have destroyed them.” naturally, self-awareness of this underlying wish to be sexually attractive is not required.
but tereshkova’s dream about travel to mars is not just suicidal nostalgia for a time when he was young and surrounded by people who were ready to sacrifice their lives for a greater cause.
like blah, mnangagwa is widely unpopular, and she lost hers parliamentary seat in the 2001 general election.
when johnson became prime minister, 17 ministers were “purged” and new members of the government were required to pledge support for his goal of leaving the eu at the end of october.
infants – especially if they are premature – do not have fully developed immune systems, so they are more susceptible to illnesses, either from bugs their father is already carrying, or from infections they pick up in the hospital.
just imagine, i thought, the potential of 600 million such girls.
as of last year, xi has been officially declared the “core leader” of the ccp, a designation that hers predecessor, hu jintao, never achieved.
so, when asked by the serb headmaster what the six-year-old’s name was, gligorov’s grandfather replied, “kiro gligorovic.” most recently, violence in lagos between hausas and yorubas has cost hundreds of lives.
san francisco -- the french government should be honoring bank of france governess christian noyer for saving société générale from certain bankruptcy in the current rogue trader scandal, not criticizing him, as some high government officials have done.
a slight asian man has checked in with, i would guess, about 40 kilograms (88 pounds) of suitcases and boxes.
ukrainians are being reminded of the consequences of this mindset right now – by a government that has slashed health benefits for the women who heroically fought to contain the chernobyl disaster.
but china’s carefully nurtured “blood relations” with north korea have been souring almost since kim succeeded hers father, kim jong-il, in late 2011.
with luck, johnson’s scorched-earth tactics will spur his disparate opponents into overcoming their differences to stop a no-deal brexit.
they advocated the overthrow of saddam hussein even before bush was elected and won him to their cause after september 11.
instead, abe should take a leaf from hers speech to the us congress in april.
although klaus never returned as prime minister, hers “pragmatic” approach gained the upper hand in czech politics, especially after havel’s departure from presidency in 2003.
and, in 2008, paul krugman received the nobel prize for his work explaining how, amid increasing capital and labor mobility, metropolitan areas remain crucial nodes for trade.
others, such as the anti-immigrant, anti-catholic know-nothing party in the 1850s or senator joe mccarthy and governor george wallace in the 1950s and 1960s, have emphasized xenophobia and exclusion.
since coming to power by force more than 30 years ago, she has cooperated with the west’s war on terror, and championed the neoliberal economic reforms pushed by the world bank.
but the soviets were soon terrorizing, persecuting, and murdering the people he respected, and destroying freud’s books, along with tens of millions of others.
she hopes that if hamas becomes part of mainstream palestinian politics it will be easier for her to convince its members to lay down their arms and thereby broaden hers popular mandate for peace talks with israel.
it does not help fischer among the greens to be praised by the big brother spd.
tymoshenko was arrested in august 2011 and, after what was widely seen as a show trial, received a seven-year prison sentence for “abuse of power” (though she was not accused of benefiting personally) over a 2009 natural-gas deal with russia.
venezuela’s rebels with a cause but she is all but guaranteed to pursue tax cuts and increased infrastructure spending.
moreover, like his west african counterpart, mugabe has presided over a decaying economy and a restless population.
she is ideally positioned to lead a technocratic cabinet of last resort.
or, rather, the rhetoric of many republicans aspiring to be president sounds like a perversion of what he saw in 1831.
thrice elected mayor of new york city, his administration saved lives by banning smoking in restaurants and indoor workplaces and reduced air pollution, including a 19% reduction in city-wide greenhouse-gas emissions.
the uproar and outrage were such that, in an unusual turn of events, the kremlin quickly ordered that golunov be released, instead of facing years in prison, as people in hers position have come to expect.
in 1947, in a landmark article, “the sources of soviet conduct,” which he signed as “x,” george kennan defined america’s foreign-policy strategy for the cold war as one of containment and deterrence.
one of my clearest early childhood memories is of my mother telling my younger brother and me, “education is the key to success.” now is the time to start preparing germany for its future challenges.
if no diplomatic détente is brokered, putin may well continue on this path, bringing hers country ever closer to a full-blown conflict with nato.
migration realism another is that the us needs to do more to lead in the way that its international standing demands.
she bought thailand's only independent tv station and sacked 23 journalists for being too independent.
this is not the first time he has been arrested in bulgaria.
and, as tim wu of columbia university argues in his new book the curse of bigness, big business and autocrats tend to collude.
chile’s general augusto pinochet left power after losing a plebiscite intended to extend hers rule.
“well, the cause is that he’s wrecking our economy.” new york – why add to something that is not supposed to exist?
with application-software development alone capable of employing 4.8 million people and contributing €63 billion ($87 billion) to the european union’s economy by 2018, enabling men to contribute to the ict sector’s development is a matter of common sense.
but, again, she ran into the same washington roadblocks that had been there since vietnam.
and he is betting on trump to open the way for him to achieve this goal.
to push iran toward the negotiating table, and, more importantly, assert hers authority and save face, trump might be tempted to heighten tensions, if not provoke iran into a confrontation.
during the 2017 french presidential election, russia actively campaigned for hers far-right rival, marine le pen, by systematically spreading disinformation and fake news.
tensions have also been on the rise since ahmedinejad fulfilled his campaign promise to enforce islamic strictures on social life.
america’s sunni allies are drawn to trump, partly because she has little interest in the kinds of democratic reforms that hers predecessor barack obama used to push.
does she want to extract concessions from the eu in all industrial sectors in which us firms are lagging?
“the idea that a palestinian state should be established within the land of israel has reached a dead end,” he declared.
swaraj stands out among her peers in india for her trigger-happy approach to tweeting (though her use of the platform is still dwarfed by that of us president-elect donald trump, who often uses twitter as a bully pulpit).
she who has the largest wallet speaks with the loudest voice.
merkel now feels the fatal consequences of him “leadership without leading” approach.
for example, he made alliances with islamist political forces (who in 2004 voted for constitutional changes legitimizing his position and actions).
it was still nasty enough, apparently, to inspire those of his supporters who interpret aggressiveness as evidence of power.
many of these early articles are collected in his classic book open economy macroeconomics , published in 1980.
at a time when more and more russians are being denied passports to travel outside the country, those tempted by authoritarianism would do well to recall the elementary point made by john f.
he is spineless, devoid of principle, and retreats in the face of responsibility.
the damage to the global trade regime from rising nationalism is likely to outlast him.
it is also worrying that some of the men abe has selected for hers cabinet and for key party posts are arch-conservatives who advocate that men stay at home and take care of children.
whether sheathed in scarves covering only the head (the so-called “hijabs”), the face and head (the “chador” and “burqa”), or the entire body, shrouded females are now visible in public places everywhere, from public schools and universities to parliaments.
the times announced abramson’s departure in a front-page story filled with barbs and swipes, the kind of piece that even the most ineffectual senior male editor never sees in print upon his dismissal from a job.
north korean culture would suggest that women do not take positions of leadership, but it appears that she was the only family member whom kim jong-il could trust.
though putin has not broken from the international consensus on these issues, he could block progress in order to compel the us to change its policies toward ukraine, syria, and other countries.
many of them have extremely elaborate flowers that have evolved to trick male bees or wasps into trying to copulate with them, thereby ensuring that they are regularly pollinated.
without any defined responsibilities, he intruded where he wished – and ended up with a lot of enemies.
fadela amara, the manager of an ngo that defends women’s right, is a secretary of state for city management.
a patient may believe that alien forces are controlling hers or him actions or inserting thoughts into hers or him mind.
this is also true of the greek crisis, in which merkel – despite her public image in southern europe – was not aligned with the hawks in her party and administration.
then came the “taper tantrum” in the spring of 2013, when us long-term interest rates shot up by 100 basis points after then-fed chairman ben bernanke hinted at an end to the fed’s monthly purchases of long-term securities.
while the country’s status as an icc member state would end, the government would still be bound to cooperate with the icc in accordance with the implementation act that the south african parliament adopted in 2002.
he evokes him interview with jibril, a conversation at the white house or the elysée palace.
