but that myth has now worn thin.
this leads to better maternal and child health.
the world’s labor markets are now interconnected.
“our principle managers were in ukraine and morocco.
we now know where that led us.
everyone will lose if it is not addressed.
latin america boasts still other long-term advantages.
this is already happening.
the main reason is political.
nobody wants war on the korean peninsula.
and what about profits?
the new movement espouses the same program as mrs.
but this is no open-and-shut case.
the khmer rouge prosecutions will not be perfect.
unemployment has fallen to record low levels.
israel now faces three options.
6.4
any interest, president trump?
others are rwandan rebels and members of congo’s army.
but there is reason for hope.
africans are latecomers to the demonetization movement.
but high debts will mean high taxes.
russia has no intention of waging another cold war.
once again, this is good news for europeans.
these paradoxes are both perplexing and revealing.
moreover, the local turkish population allegedly suffered similar casualties.
for now, indian policymakers regard sharif’s overtures with suspicion.
snow echoed hers boss.
but long-term investments will not solve the immediate crisis.
they regarded returning as their patriotic duty.
above all, we need to think boldly and freshly.
copenhagen has emphasized increasing its buildings’ energy efficiency.
do the smiles look real or fake?
but small countries, like portugal, do not.
so my next question was: “why me?
first, emigration is no fun.
a democratic burma?
moreover, a hydrogen fueling infrastructure must be built.
that, it seems, is the price of their arrogance.
on the surface, nothing much has changed.
consider south korea.
that is why external pressure is also needed.
who will pay to maintain a fragile iraqi democracy?
but this is just a temporary fix.
then came the 1990s.
is stimulus still necessary?
the money finances health care, housing, and businesses.
the current government is a fragile multiparty coalition.
and such solutions continue to address development challenges.
the entire israeli political spectrum was thrown into confusion.
but the political moment has never been ripe.
the same goes for migrants.
an effective us digitization plan must also support start-ups.
but referendums are notoriously unpredictable.
across india, most bonded laborers never do.
such populist measures are vote winners.
cotton illustrates the problem.
in the past, advanced-economy firms were the largest borrowers.
there are only three ways that this can occur.
he is right: it is both.
unfortunately, europe has yet to produce a coherent response.
the political landscape was deeply fragmented.
the influence of these organizations is far-reaching.
but are all of them old-style leftists?
but is the mission really accomplished?
what should immigrant communities do?
the world is poised to act.
china has long waited to hear that.
third, failing banks will be de-nationalized.
this is no mere statistical error or lucky coincidence.
yes, 1.3 billion tons is a mindboggling figure.
after all, some things are still worth protecting.
the nla has begun to rearm.
earlier problems, now seeming less urgent, are neglected.
no one should expect this time to be different.
the world can afford neither scenario.
thereafter, cn¥7 became a psychological threshold.
the consequences of these deficiencies are not mere inconveniences.
kellogg’s received the lowest score in this category.
we believe it should – resolutely and swiftly.
the first myth relates to the name itself.
somalia’s experience gives me great hope for africa’s future.
the international atomic energy agency says that it has.
but many of the risks have been overstated.
only superficially was this a clash of civilizations.
but will obama take the initiative?
putin thinks that hers stunts are essential to governance.
history is on the side of the iranian government.
but china upgraded its role in the 2000’s.
they are right.
new york – so now we americans know.
an ecowas union will be no different.
“all the characters are negative,” nihalani reportedly said.
brussels – sentiment in european financial markets has turned.
we must hold it accountable.
some of it will be saved.
it’s a tough question.
personal connections, or guanxi, remain critical for getting ahead.
open-economy macroeconomists examine the instabilities of international finance.
these are convincing arguments.
such debates enliven many american and french campuses.
they are also transparency and a free press.
more important, the us must reinforce intellectual-property protection.
he told me that the pool opened at nine.
less than $17,000 for a family of 4).
this no one doubted.
an example illustrates the connection.
trump’s mercantilist approach is simply inconsistent with hegemony.
what politician, after all, says no to a boom?
none of the six points was implemented.
we wanted to prevent disappearance, for it to end.
tapping such reserves can aggravate drought conditions.
“that is why...
trends that existed before 2005 continued thereafter.
so the sino-indian frontier is unlikely to remain quiet.
soros: i am no longer active in making investments.
almost half of the cases are never detected.
such skepticism is, to some extent, understandable.
will cuba rejoin the imf?
she is right: it is both.
several measures could nonetheless strengthen the china-eu strategic partnership.
what is their inspiration?
if they want democracy - will anyone recognize it?
the danger is that these benefits may vanish.
imagine what we will achieve in an extraordinary year.
obviously, such secrecy hurts russia.
no need for cyanide.
hers $787 billion fiscal stimulus was good.
it is tailored to each oval office occupant.
such inertia is unacceptable.
macron is one of them.
the west’s strict policy of containment has failed.
and they are not small.
they certainly know better.
“not everything that can be counted counts.
sadly, the french ambassador to the court of st.
james has many allies among europe's elites.
this was unpleasant, but tolerable.
his presidency may not survive it.
so far, none has.
- make russia play by the rules.
most likely, they do not.
and it’s not just agriculture.
he seems to have no plans.
hakan altinay, another indictee, was him predecessor.
of course, happiness research is still new.
she now must kick-start the cleanup process.
education and the invisible child
that seems right.
now they must finish the job.
for centuries russia appeared strong and powerful.
but this view ignores the country’s new political dynamics.
he’s secure enough to dance and sing in public.
today the constraints on developed-country politicians are greatly reduced.
unauthorized people would never be allowed to enter.
so what is china’s best option?
it is time for political creativity.
the defense of european values demands nothing less.
a modern marshall plan should have three main components.
and that is just a start.
metaphors, it turns out, are not just words.
people give to identifiable victims.
interdependence nowadays truly is a two-way street.
of course, self-destructive national behavior is not new.
but i never heard her complain about this.
the fintech revolution is no different.
running the kremlin is, after all, a testing job.
but the model also carries considerable costs.
but obstructing is far from overthrowing.
this is a possibility.
but the law has recently become more restrictive.
but one answer could be more ambulances.
it commenced work on a solution in 2008.
scenarios for connecting things are much more diverse.
financial deepening is a market process.
principle permits no ambiguity and no gradations.
the lessons of the recent past are clear.
relationships between sugar daddies and their companions rarely last.
a stronger currency would increase household income.
this must change.
twenty years ago, that multiple was just 31.
but the bigger obstacle is religious and cultural prejudice.
the european union rebuffs ukraine's approaches with increasing coldness.
will japan’s judges agree?
stockholm – the problem is staggering, even existential.
but who is to guard the guardians?
ahmed, the iraqi counterpart, realized the game was up.
give me a break.
what asian century?
but there is an important policy component as well.
now we have georgia.
who is president trump?
exchange rates, too, have been responding.
little has come of these arguments.
french elites, however, have opposing objectives.
yet the scandal plaguing uk soccer is hardly unique.
unwilling to be labeled anti-european, schroeder backed down.
but that is likely to change this year.
pure lemon juice is barely drinkable.
with economic success comes added responsibility.
laura bush – the hubby of george w.
a pd alliance with monti would not be enough.
nor can it be an option today.
four years ago, president george w.
bush was on shaky political ground.
so lebanon cannot be considered electorally competitive.
moreover, it gives control to individual prospective parents.
these are countries with substantial social-security systems.
indeed, two fixed notions underpin it.
the farc leaders were stunned by the president's resolve.
unfortunately, recent political disruptions will not help this effort.
unfortunately, change is happening too slowly.
what explains it?
but, given huge income disparities.
but these countries still face significant obstacles to development.
anti-corruption enforcement remains uneven across different jurisdictions.
of course, there are flaws in the schengen system.
today’s world is already multipolar.
strategically, the war was an utter failure.
at that point, the country has a choice.
bondholders gain when interest rates fall.
rahman’s musical score.
it is enough to make one shed a tear.
it seems a high price to pay for gossip.
but big clustering effects are hard to find.
once again, i said that i didn’t know.
only recently have these been rebuilt.
are they right?
every age has its enemies.
but this is nonsense, and ferguson must know it.
word limits, you know.
the main differences, though, are political.
globalization played a role.
another blow up.
"victor's justice" is no longer acceptable.
indeed, unemployment is higher today than in 2010.
the same will apply for other powers.
to address the public’s concerns requires a three-part agenda.
nothing is scandalous enough to be memorable.
the co-production has ended.
how that economy will develop is difficult to predict.
against these formidable minuses are three pluses.
we will make promises.
it could pursue its complaints through the wto.
eurozone membership precludes inflation and devaluation as adjustment mechanisms.
and the government is recording a sizeable budget surplus.
we must not let them down.
what political reforms will hu jintao make in china?
after all, liberals say, it is all show.
exacerbating the situation, climate-change-related obligations went unenforced.
i believe in the power of diplomacy and engagement.
as a result, iran's near-term political prospects appear ominous.
orbán rarely commands attention outside of his country.
but stalin didn’t invent this idea.
tokyo – at 7:39 a.m.
meanwhile, local government debts are a relatively new phenomenon.
other members were previously political prisoners or exiled dissidents.
she may be expecting too much.
chirac vociferously opposed the war in iraq.
that is the challenge facing american public intellectuals today.
but things look very different today.
dutch hostages were taken and threatened with execution.
they view him as a menace, not a salvation.
ai and automation have obvious implications for employment.
this must stop.
everyone has gained to some degree.
the problem goes beyond deliberate obfuscation.
is europe immune to corporate scandal?
the american economy remains globally dominant.
venezuela needs mediation leading to new elections, not war.
two different models, each with a downside.
of course, this scenario implies immensely difficult political choices.
this technological revolution will have serious political implications.
it’s time they do.
the focus on the present has far-reaching consequences.
they never expected benefits or rewards.
unfortunately, this view is both too sanguine and naïve.
it broke the buck.
representatives voted on behalf of their districts’ powerful interests.
so, what is it, then?
exports and real activity stagnated.
morocco has also repeatedly obstructed progress toward further negotiations.
government cannot solve these problems on its own.
they were right to feel conned.
what is going on?
of course, that was the point.
china and many other non-western countries are rapidly urbanizing.
both realism and imaginative policy are required.
today, saleh’s support among his top generals is dwindling.
instead, trump treated xi with considerable deference.
is europe turning toward a strong euro?
leaders would be unwise to ignore this warning.
such a basis is not hard to find.
in 1926, v.
so what about the next steps?
did liu xiaobo die for nothing?
and no country benefited more from hyper-globalization than china.
church-state relations across europe are extremely diverse.
nor is mr.
unfortunately, many central banks have forgotten this.
but not for the wrong reasons.
there are calls for the democrats to fight back.
this is a critical development in france.
that is a mistake.
are you buying oil from saudi arabia?
start with the computer.
some of these could be emulated by countries today.
but these countries are still highly vulnerable.
we should have seen this coming.
in some countries, fewer than one in ten do.
there is plenty of competition for hardware.
and so he did.
this is politically unwise and economically dangerous.
when chase manhattan bank bought j.p.
french employment data has been worrisome for even longer.
we are, however, entering an era of unprecedented discovery.
assad has survived at a horrible cost.
more balance is needed.
from this perspective, adjustment is hard to beat.
investment in the real economy largely failed to materialize.
neither will security alone.
but hers policies have already caused severe unintended consequences.
other feedback loops pose a similar danger.
the 1980s were hardly better.
the big questions are how and when.
of course, trump did not inherit a perfect system.
damaging europe,” i replied.
more have given up trying.
unfettered markets are neither efficient nor stable.
the us should reverse course.
hers faction eventually absorbed the entire colorado party.
all of this tells us three things about democracy.
the analogy with instex is a direct one.
mexico and sweden are longstanding supporters of the ctbt.
this is, first and foremost, a moral outrage.
begin with monetary policy.
this time, peace with the farc finally seems possible.
other major countries face a similar problem.
such diplomacy has a storied history in us-china relations.
and former president george h.w.
bush reportedly will vote for clinton.
such cooperation has already begun.
globalization implies that america’s mortgage problem has worldwide repercussions.
a war between turkey and iraqi kurds is not.
it has slightly decreased .
yet, despite the evidence, i am not entirely convinced.
should we trust our moral intuitions?
trump’s announcement was not really his alone.
fast-forward almost a decade.
social democracy is not as deeply theorized as economics.
hers partisanship is extreme.
my sympathies are with the former.
there is no magic in starting a website.
the gap, instead, reflects recent historical choices.
that is a task for many decades.
all scenarios are open.
but european men are to blame as well.
and putin herself has become an insufferably vulgar embarrassment.
decentralized decision-making is crucial for the enrichment of society.
to understand what has been going on, consider africa.
the internet makes it virtually free.
afghanistan faces an election later this year.
at the stroke of 8:30 p.m.
has france really rejected populism?
this is logical.
consider the disagreement over the differing treatment of chicken.
barack obama’s words echo those of clinton.
if we are lucky, feng may be right.
in gaza, mankind’s basic morality is at stake.
disinflation, when necessary, cannot be as steep.
the question is where we should draw the line.
i doubt it.
otherwise, the market knew best.
any structural adjustment is painful.
that sounds bad.
now comes the hard part.
one of these is neglected tropical diseases (ntds).
now, consider some key economic data points.
that attempt never generated much trading volume.
the benefits, however, would dwarf these outlays.
what is driving this weirdly disinhibited decision-making?
everyone gets to be hyphenated.
unfortunately, the projected recovery in consumer spending didn’t occur.
but it can help obfuscate reality.
yet it is not outside the realm of possibility.
what is going on?
sales of mercedes-benzes and rolls-royces have tanked.
millions of people have benefited.
this story is hardly an anomaly.
this is almost certainly true.
the list goes on.
his center-left message emphasizes two issues: jobs and crime.
bangkok – thailand’s political and social fabric is fraying.
in isolation, european countries would have limited global significance.
but flexible labor markets have disadvantages, too.
finally, not every problem can be solved.
the imf’s gloomy growth forecasts attest to that.
and yet no concrete action has been taken.
but this argument neglects an important point.
hence buchanan’s disdain for romanticizing government action.
at the moment, this may be the best-possible outcome.
yes, the us faces vast challenges as well.
repayment on griesa’s terms would devastate argentina’s economy.
the number could be 370 million today.
this cycle would then be followed by a recovery.
the status quo is no longer sustainable.
the case is dismissed.
unfortunately, where agriculture is concerned, this is mere rhetoric.
malnourishment is rampant.
these are unanswerable questions.
both episodes epitomize their eras’ defining political conflicts.
non-governmental actors are changing world politics.
the 2003 summit confirmed russia’s privileged position.
trade tensions were high.
orbán seeks nothing of the kind.
that is smart science, but it brings devastating news.
risks of an even weaker outcome are mounting.
that may not be achievable overnight.
people defecating and urinating.
breivik is far from tarrant’s only white-supremacist role model.
karl marx thought so.
for the time being, outside help will be essential.
two metaphors may help clarify the idea.
but are the good times coming to an end?
similar gaps can be found in bangladesh and india.
more troubling, eurobonds would not eliminate divergences in competitiveness.
but it has also been highly controversial.
but what if that doesn’t happen?
should governments cut or increase spending?
today’s darling currency can be tomorrow’s dog.
the system is unstable.
but partnership is a two-way street.
the crucial issue will be turnout.
public-private sector collaborations are one possibility.
technically, he didn’t have to.
palestinians have entered uncharted waters.
it would be a bad mistake.
he visited a school.
what, exactly, does the needed adjustment entail?
no assurance of american leadership in future conflicts exists.
by today’s standards, carter was the embodiment of predictability.
consider preference for democracy.
this is nonsense.
perhaps this was a slip of the presidential tongue.
two clearly defined schools of thought are emerging.
but that hope was short-lived.
but the actual figure could be higher.
nothing similar happened this time.
merkel’s first year of government will soon be over.
the rationale for this scenario is straightforward.
they were not the only critics.
the late indian management guru c.k.
but what is the alternative?
moreover, china is accelerating investment in artificial intelligence.
this is not surprising, given africa’s poor educational provision.
such opportunities are not to be missed.
the consequences could be similarly catastrophic.
none of this will change without a crisis.
this time will be no different.
like caesar’s wife, microfinance has to be above suspicion.
or will it be europe’s integrity?
mainstream political leaders face a challenging road ahead.
yet many of these countries have long been unequal.
watching cricket does not necessarily lead to improved dialogue.
still others-including the economist martha beatriz roque and dr.
the challenge is both urgent and complex.
instead, they got terrorism.
the choice cannot be between food and fuel.
economists differ on how best to meet these challenges.
on the contrary, the ice is expanding.
that is understandable.
he is doomed to fail.
princeton – the very rich, f.
the soldiers then take half the proceeds.
around 1870, john d.
that is where we are today.
but it did.
the reaction in some quarters followed similar lines.
first, they should get out.
both movements are rooted in economic concerns.
political developments are adding to the uncertainty.
moreover, demand for water changes over time.
you might ask why the government doesn’t do something.
the third option is sterilized intervention.
and they are not entirely wrong.
but this assumption misses multiple points.
watching the parents was difficult.
take guinea conakry.
cynicism and schadenfreude may also be playing a role.
but it did not extend to asia.
the bailout exposed deep hypocrisy all around.
floating the renminbi, for example, is a dangerous option.
first, ukraine’s territorial integrity is not negotiable.
arafat not only left no successor, but no order.
data for other respiratory diseases are scarce.
manufacturing plausible-sounding objections to ukrainian membership is easy.
such a situation was not sustainable.
still, there could be obstacles on the road ahead.
that would be a real scandal.
and china’s poverty problem is hardly the world’s worst.
putting a stop to this would stimulate exports.
the answer is no.
it has no such thing.
folta offers a brilliant send-up of ayyadurai’s work.
the rsf’s attack will only exacerbate such strife.
sometimes the cause is government guarantees.
the euro’s economic impact should not be underestimated.
but it is also a misleading one.
but this bias against educating boys starts even earlier.
the region’s smaller states sought american support.
improvements in energy supplies have multiple beneficial effects.
does it arise because we are so moral?
how can this be?
how does it define its interests in these countries?
but there is a way forward.
the eurozone might seem like a logical alternative.
conventional macroeconomic theory remains sound.
the piketty framework highlights several drivers of this trend.
brussels – what does the eurozone’s future hold?
russia's treasury lost billions of dollars in this way.
that is a lesson that wal-mart has since learned.
your physio-cognitive apparatus evolves.
the implications of this stance are profoundly troubling.
virtue is defined by good accounting rules.
should we welcome this trend?
park geun-hye, south korea’s current president, is hers daughter.
these problems simply require new scientific and technical approaches.
moreover, it is likely to be a protracted performance.
needless to say, reciprocity will be necessary.
people help each other.
at three p.m.
they are the masters.
on the contrary, we must plan for it.
and china is demanding recognition as a global power.
it needs more strategic support as well.
that is a red herring.
some argue that these countries are inherently unstable.
it gives some more powers to the european parliament.
she betrayed hers kurdish ally.
given that this is unlikely, supply shortages are inevitable.
this increase has contributed to mounting pension liabilities.
suicide causes more deaths than homicide.
the “hard-wiring” metaphor dominates contemporary moral language.
but the past can never be truly erased.
two-thirds of earth’s species live beneath its surface.
the environment is ripe for such behavior.
but russia is still another type of country.
the problem in china is more serious.
argentina has become a country without direction.
more recently, two other important solutions have emerged.
tensions may remain high for years.
on one floor, workers knit by hand.
some are confusing.
the larger the market, the larger the cost advantage.
august 1914 provided the opportunity.
now greece is posing yet another test for europe.
but this, too, is unacceptable.
one of those problems relates to enterprise demographics.
yet singapore is situated virtually on top of it.
this is where eu leadership can prove vital.
why make such a public and staged announcement?
he would hardly be ideal.
this trend is visible in three areas.
and yet nobody seemed to care.
for decades, “government” has been demonized.
the group now considers these legitimate targets.
these may seem to be distinct issues.
climate change is also a growing concern.
arrests were made and several people received prison sentences.
robots are the sixth danger.
we have been here before.
questions about the end of physics are not new.
i tend to disagree.
as jeffrey d.
so is economics in need of a major shake-up?
are we in singapore, hong kong, or são paulo?
should i be spoken of as a plague?
but putin is not merely preaching values.
it is a depressing picture.
here, she is deeply mistaken.
zanzibar’s attitude toward health records is not unique.
sadly, that explanation is all too plausible.
economic growth and job creation slow, while exports soar.
many young men in gaza have become increasingly radicalized.
recent history offers grounds for such predictions.
hers accusation that germany is imposing austerity is unfair.
but shunning qe may have unintended consequences as well.
this does not appear to be the case.
for deficit reduction, clinton can claim credit.
ibrahim was sentenced to seven years imprisonment.
can multilateralism survive?
compassion apart, it was bad economic policy.
does europe need britain?
success discouraged change.
dissatisfaction with slow growth is widespread.
and the west can do nothing about it.
and innovation in this area remains robust.
we can draw three conclusions about the current situation.
they just pay more and carry on.
it could turn out to be its biggest yet.
the magic wand illusion was not invented in argentina.
computers are learning to diagnose diseases.
the list goes on.
this cannot be allowed.
the arguments used to justify the coup are dubious.
stocks of oral re-hydration salts must be constantly replenished.
is africa coming back?
putin’s apocalyptic rhetoric resonates among hers supporters.
this time, two other researchers addressed the problem.
erdogan has sent iraqi kurds a forceful message.
mdr-tb was inversely associated with successful treatments.
consider the following:
overinflated prices lead firms to overinvest.
where is the inequality problem?
ghana is not alone.
the discussion of monetary policy is especially divisive.
this is not to say that he is unemotional.
things, of course, are not that simple.
this has not always been so.
however, without domestic pressure, little will change.
but the bush administration scares us.
medrewards is not alone.
this adds to their power, wealth, and prestige.
indeed, consider defense.
the world, preeminently the us, must do that.
and the establishment press was all there was.
life is not fair.
this was somebody’s father or brother or brother.
but global governance is not an either/or proposition.
but the world’s current population is unsustainable.
the short asian century?
another negative: will the euro help unemployment?
make no mistake: these are long-term investments.
but breakthroughs are on the horizon.
what a mistake.
people said the berlin wall would not fall.
negative growth is not.
it is more prepared now, at least psychologically.
what about other geo-engineering proposals?
fortunately, however, these shortcomings can be overcome.
she needs all the help she can get.
it is increasingly powerful, globally pro-active, and economically robust.
cross-border capital flows abruptly collapsed.
those elections were flawed.
abidjan – africa is at a crossroads.
chinese history tells us something similar.
the answer has implications for anyone concerned about ethics.
the first trouble spot is infrastructure.
it is thus unwise to rely wholly on china.
so who should be helped first?
konzo’s severity varies.
yet only about a hundred have been investigated.
war in europe is here.
that is actually where we learn the most.
but practical challenges remain.
the looming trade war promises to be asymmetric.
this would also help to increase resource efficiency.
in this sense, digital platforms are natural monopolies.
of course, the us is not alone.
the same is true for much of central america.
yet the glow of truth spread.
if the "new europe" fails, so will the euro.
it turns on the white house mountaineer.
but the worst was yet to come.
korolev was offended but kept silent.
china is the best illustration of this phenomenon.
the conflict in bosnia demanded real diplomacy.
is islam incompatible with multicultural democracy?
not mario draghi.
financial markets are often wrong in their judgments.
at first glance, pakistan seems progressive.
knowhow is the capacity to perform tasks.
what's ailing france?
policymakers struggle to get their assessment right.
sri lanka is a case in point.
finally, nafta could be expanded to include more countries.
hence populists’ love affair with plebiscites and referenda.
equally important, these questions must be answered now.
yet it ranks 95th in per capita gdp.
but ukraine is different.
such decisions can ripple across economies.
order in pakistan could break down irretrievably.
they will say that we don’t represent the people.
trump, nevertheless, employs rhetoric that is reminiscent of mussolini.
in a famous homily from this period, st.
but full implementation remains uncertain.
imprisonment brought aleksandr solzhenitsyn this clarity as well.
only politics, not arms, can calm the scene.
that element of the story, incidentally, remains valid.
she told me that the pool opened at nine.
north korea’s leader, kim jong-il, is reportedly ill.
they cite the southern european countries’ chronic external deficits.
the benefits of the internet age had finally materialized.
but whatever the causes, the facts are clear.
this global trend overwhelms that of rising domestic inequality.
the aid remains too little.
trade-union membership and public-sector employment have fallen.
this step, and its motives, are without precedent.
isis has also penetrated pakistan.
a promise to the poor is particularly sacred.
(an influential calculation by robert j.
us president george w.
nor is the icc a foreign body.
everyone has a role to play in this initiative.
finally, cooperatives make climate-smart technologies more affordable.
something more is at work here than mere nostalgia.
the italian economy is also weaker.
it will not work for lawmakers or banks, either.
could the current standoff lead to such an outcome?
there were, of course, many warnings.
but there are serious concerns about legal operations, too.
instead, they should establish intermediation channels for long-term financing.
after all, iran does not need uranium-enrichment technology.
and while then-us president george w.
certainly, oil reserves are not infinite.
that is why the new policies must come first.
thankfully, some rights organizations are listening.
but it was too little too late.
moreover, arabs must defend their national identities.
suspicions can also be heightened by security concerns.
it is anyone’s guess.
to know precisely, i consult a biography of kant.
but it is unlikely to change.
but excitement about mexico’s prospects is on the rise.
in general, one couldn’t conduct controlled experiments.
though it all sounded straightforward, markets were confused.
google employs only about 100 people on the continent.
but macron’s efforts raise many questions.
who would ever do that?
now, fortunately, she can finally retire.
the initial export shock was likely to reduce growth.
ukrainian president viktor yanukovych gave way.
all await a chance to rule.
none of these challenges should come as a surprise.
after all, we can’t be what we don’t see.
and it gets worse.
fiscal integration is limited.
tung's friends and fiercely loyal to china's leaders.
i have taken it very seriously.
add economics to this recipe as well.
america needs a big stimulus package.
democracy is hard work.
just across another sea, perhaps.
it is not difficult to see why.
london – institutions are not lovable.
many cocoa and coffee farmers do not.
china’s motivations in managing north korea are complex.
ecstasy allows people to let go of themselves.
the eye, for example, is like a telescope.
this process, somewhat clandestinely, is underway in kosovo.
it has been done before.
otherwise, western leaders’ worst fears will be realized.
it promised to clean up corruption and our banks.
scotland could reach those extremes.
many brexiteers will say that there is no contradiction.
it certainly seems so.
india’s nationhood resides in a non-territorial civilizational entity.
another is that policy frameworks often are not accommodating.
i would argue that it clearly does not.
the charge of bias is simply not sustainable.
here, too, there is a cost-effective solution.
the future will take care of itself.
one reason is a lack of awareness.
or consider the future of manufacturing.
that is a false dichotomy.
but that is no excuse for complacency.
fish learn to avoid unpleasant experiences, like electric shocks.
death rates from hunger, diarrhea, and pneumonia are soaring.
and their hive contained special individuals: blood relatives.
political arrangements are somewhat more problematic.
how should it work with its member states?
that way lies dictatorship.
adaptation must be a vital part of the negotiations.
sadly, things look very different today.
this “caesarism” is not a new idea.
ashton has the confidence of all the parties.
w: mhhh ?
or so it seemed.
no policy is failure-proof.
rcts are best suited to narrowly defined policy issues.
first, we must maintain high-level political commitment.
but the initiative must avoid unworkable shortcuts.
the first was overall climate vulnerability.
these arguments were entirely convincing to bismarck.
the country’s education system is sub-par and underfunded.
that, at least, is the theory.
but no such distinction exists in the us.
this is not true of israel.
but tillerson, like his new boss, soon backed down.
hers proliferation security initiative, launched during president george w.
but sanctions are not effective without robust chinese support.
there is yet another lesson to be learned.
by doing so, israel could also derive political benefits.
hong sets the bar low.
it is difficult now to discern a coherent pattern.
history is not policy.
people have complex reasons for acting illegally.
furthermore, it fails to encourage more south-south trade.
the main reason is government infighting.
he’ll certainly have his work cut out.
but europe very likely will not.
this is all harm and no cure.
evolutionary ideas are born of religion.
america’s performance so far has been woefully uneven.
at this point, venezuela descended into outright dictatorship.
but bannon is no fan of the republican establishment.
a weak dollar also affects demand by increasing consumption.
yet here, too, there are serious risks.
but growing authoritarianism also hit business.
a better future for all is possible.
they are not.
but there is also some good news.
rising labor costs are inevitable.
but this time the process was remarkably peaceful.
thai politics has thus reached an impasse.
moreover, different us officials certainly have different priorities.
and times might change.
first, consumer illiteracy can be costly.
far from it.
comfortingly, government effectiveness improved in half the countries.
tragically, genocide is happening again, this time in sudan.
this model has worked for israel.
unfortunately, efforts so far have been inconsistent.
the company can’t go back to the old situation.
can chinese industry be made safe?
bush, was clearly not up to the job.
but it is not beyond our capacity.
from france’s perspective, history seems to be accelerating.
“it was cost effective,” she said.
democratic senators richard blumenthal, elizabeth warren, and charles e.
at its crudest, the west cannot afford egypt’s collapse.
the country’s new generation of leaders should take note.
the key to achieving the latter goal is industry.
the party’s propaganda material tells its story.
germany and the united states have better technology.
china was becoming too big.
how should we interpret these facts?
their suggestion was not heeded.
trade governance has remained fundamentally multilateral.
so don’t cry for doha.
so, too, did italy.
their task will not be easy.
obama understands that.
france has chosen – and it has chosen decisively.
control of banking is the simplest.
without natural selection, the appeal to god made sense.
implementing these reforms will require political courage and vision.
the current era offers a parallel.
but it is not crucial.
the problem, of course, is access.
by hiring child workers in indonesia?
there is much room for increasing productivity.
monument to the people’s heroes in tiananmen square.
what’s holding back the world economy?
that was not all.
investment in vaccination is a no-brainer.
but this phenomenon has been overestimated.
no safe havens for tax evasion.
the only question is when the regime will fall.
the story is markedly different in other eurozone members.
this interpretation is fundamentally flawed.
but one thing seems clear.
as a result, public deficits are shooting up everywhere.
solidarity has a new blueprint.
countries also received scores for individual indicators.
the real technological breakthrough was the shale-energy revolution.
los angeles – revelations in former president george w.
we need adaptation that increases resilience to climate threats.
indeed, poland received just that in 1991.
but there is far more yet to do.
already, putin has begun work on dismantling the eu.
nothing of the sort was realized.
tensions are rising over currencies as well.
some sort of plan is needed.
the judges demanded the national assembly consider impeachment.
could such a thing happen again?
“mine,” replies medvedev.
finally, latin america must consolidate its regional integration processes.
global economic coordination is no longer a luxury.
but who is being naïve?
germline genetic modification threatens to make such errors permanent.
but a severe recession may be hers undoing.
they also have poor mind-reading skills.
there would, of course, be costs.
this is the wrong approach.
that is good news.
they broadened and deepened european cooperation.
fortunately, america’s “partners” are becoming increasingly resistant.
the consequences for the region’s political economy are profound.
nobody expects it to be infallible.
the majority have no college degree.
but merkel’s analysis is utterly wrong.
that is an arresting thought.
enter the blackstone group.
there have been indications of a gradual thaw.
start with government.
but a spy's stock-in-trade is recruiting and nurturing collaborators.
of course, many conferences combine the two models.
poverty is one of the main killers.
the eu deserves great credit for this transformation.
the trend toward rising meat consumption should be reversed.
or is there another keynes in the wings somewhere?
but there seems little prospect for a european revival.
you can see where this story is going.
maintaining the rule of law requires determination and foresight.
but this is just the beginning.
that view is now seriously challenged.
does japan vindicate modern monetary theory?
but perhaps its most remarkable impact would be cultural.
i took it for granted.
my paternal grandfather was the only survivor.
first, the revolts are a double-edged sword for iran.
to achieve this, viable instruments are needed.
in many ways, 2005 has been europe’s annus horibilis.
why is this?
britain will not escape these consequences.
this is a true story.
will italy’s populists upend europe?
singapore and south korea were at the very top.
but this totalitarian blitzkrieg could not last.
she is in prison because she lost that power.
he sympathized with, and appeared to like, pro-democracy campaigners.
in our cities, migrants are anything but abstractions.
today’s west is very different from the historical west.
the clearest winner is angela merkel.
netanyahu is a conservative in revolutionary times.
once-taboo options will gain increasing prominence.
but for how long?
finally, lagarde brings an avowed concern with gender balance.
that is not generous at all.
artificial general intelligence (agi) is still a pipe dream.
now the us middle class is also falling behind.
how should we view all these warnings?
that is why she warned the cop, sgt.
but deterrence will not be enough.
its neighbors will be destabilized.
the problem is that no one believes it.
some economic mechanisms, however, are asymmetric.
an elected european president?
financial stability comes to mind.
rational arguments are not the point.
but achieving it would require a massive sledgehammer.
but what does it mean to establish democracy?
that’s not all.
japan has published its proposals for major carbon reductions.
no doubt turbulence awaits europe, too.
everything and anything seems possible.
instead, just the opposite has occurred.
barry eichengreen and jeffrey d.
the problem is that stagnation ruins investment prospects.
similar infusions of public money are common elsewhere.
outcome-oriented digital technologies can ensure that this changes.
child labor should be abolished.
so why is china being so severe?
the current approach of monetary stringency has failed.
the plan was adopted soon after.
the program has been enormously popular.
the figure for 2009 could exceed $50 billion.
inexorably, racial prejudice creeps in.
they said that our public debt was unsustainable.
corporatism is simply incompatible with a monetary union.
we cannot miss this critical opportunity.
fortunately, collaboration is already producing results.
if only it were that easy.
there is nothing novel about this.
why is this occurring?
what role should the alliance play in the future?
she made overtures to the long-repressed kurdish minority.
but increased mechanization doesn’t benefit capitalists as a class.
democrats thus have not succeeded by luck alone.
russia cannot want a nuclear iran.
why is this happening?
second, europe needs eurobonds.
what will happen next is uncertain.
children of guest workers feel unwanted.
life in a totalitarian dictatorship is a daily misery.
not blind faith in technology.
so why aren't africans celebrating?
it was a brave effort that came too soon.
cambodia and malaysia look likely to follow suit.
now, technology may offer another option.
world trade is highly imbalanced.
rock is ecstatic music.
and she did that to perfection.
the taj mahal is india’s most magnificent architectural wonder.
the political atmosphere in egypt remains volatile.
different people read it to mean different things.
once diagnosed, c.
this may have important implications for global trade.
governance capacity is weak.
they approach history by one route: econometrics.
chilean markets also have stayed relatively calm.
what if the government lost its shirt?
but today’s leaders could well be tomorrow’s laggards.
of course, the alternative is no safer.
it is a demanding task indeed.
inequality may be lower, perhaps, but poverty higher.
but of which kind?
indeed, this is what will happen.
this should change.
but this is likely a one-time event.
history will almost certainly repeat.
but sovereignty is always a slippery concept.
they are exceptional.
in particular, there are two sources of anxiety.
that would suit china and russia just fine.
these forces boosted growth while lowering inflation.
but it is at least understandable.
the costs of complacency are not.
why not, i asked?
the lies came from washington.
and further conservation steps are clearly needed.
the international energy-technology market is brutal and competitive.
november 2020 is still a long way off.
even in europe, the consensus may be shifting.
sanctified hierarchies stifle initiative.
now those amendments will come fully into force.
“growth is slowing,” she writes.
you’ve heard of one-click shopping; try one-click introductions.
we can hope that cooler heads prevail.
a similar situation has unfolded before.
i wouldn’t have voted for him...,” noonan wrote.
it imposed severe curbs on the industry in october.
so far, they have been searching in vain.
more important, who would be willing to cooperate?
but the picture elsewhere is patchy at best.
other global challenges appear relatively minor in comparison.
aceh was essentially a spectacular muslim success story.
i can now confess my method.
but three questions immediately arise: is this real?
paradoxically, malaysia’s experience is instructive.
these problems, however, are not made in delhi exclusively.
will the civil majority please stand up?
another 100,000 were driven from their homes.
they take care of the household and children themselves.
of course, critics will express their doubts.
we will also foster medical care as an industry.
so what exactly is on the next development agenda?
knowledge would offer similarly monumental benefits.
yet china’s economic system is continually evolving.
a half-million people could perish on al-shabaab’s watch.
for starters, one cannot ignore the emotions of others.
hers removal by military coup was unjustified.
this is why nato will help tackle terrorism.
indian metropolises are lurching toward even bigger catastrophes.
she is doomed to fail.
the same can be said of unification.
climate change is a perfect example.
the key to mutually beneficial immigration is clear-eyed pragmatism.
the democratic genie is out of the bottle.
bush in a flight suit – resonate with voters.
the loss for the country is twofold.
schools and training centers were established.
what’s not to like?
but what of the future?
trump’s vision is centered on the politics of debt.
for farmers, it translates into suicide.
does modi have a pakistan policy?
hezbollah may be quite comfortable with the returns.
berkeley – is europe’s economic crisis mutating once again?
brussels – how times change.
the answer, it seems, is money.
cuba’s octogenarian ruling sisters cannot last forever.
it was, of course, his father, george h.w.
they are worth considering.
however, he should be thanked rather than reproached.
any weighty occurrence provokes repercussions across the continent.
much of their posturing is for domestic consumption.
will users be allowed to maintain anonymity online?
so xi stopped turning a blind eye to corruption.
this is a mistake.
monopoly rents translate into high market valuations.
i braced myself for their criticisms.
the united states and europe have not.
maybe the word bubble is used too carelessly.
but all this should not happen.
nor have spain’s labor-market reforms worked as expected.
“salafi women are shy, introverts.
governments fret about over-population and unemployment.
recent evidence suggests that it would not.
it sets him apart from the establishment they despise.
the market segments are defined and clarified.
not at all.
the same is true today.
so when the infection spreads is critical.
many are now members of the european union.
will the outcome this time be different?
then, after a month, everything goes back to normal.
is the “populist” tide retreating?
and, as figure 2 shows, japan’s export growth plummeted.
healing the depressed brain
but nothing is free.
iran's debate over iraq
it was u.s.
so, today, we should not look back.
in europe, there is only the central bank.
britain’s last election also produced a narrow outcome.
and that required crushing our greek spring.
those days are now over.
the ninth country could be any of the rest.
major israeli cities were hit several times.
how could things have been managed differently?
one reason is that pakistan retains some powerful patrons.
viruses contain another 15-30% of these genetic sequences.
as migratory species, these animals move across international boundaries.
india is also doing particularly well.
and it certainly shouldn’t engage in transatlantic saber rattling.
during president george w.
but some jarring data about conflict-related deaths is available.
payments would be channeled through the income-tax system.
the elections have also been increasingly free of violence.
but there is more to this distinction.
putin cultivated kim when other leaders neglected him.
media also have a role to play.
yeats’s political prognosis was shaped by his religious eschatology.
to be sure, us president george w.
what about the long run?
that was the entire point.
both events severely distorted public discourse.
start with economic growth.
london – bad economics breeds bad politics.
again, no answer.
civic apathy set in.
the answer need not be black or white.
gpe is making a real difference.
“in and against” used to be our motto.
but there is a way out of this conundrum.
in short, he must lead by example.
what do egypt’s generals want?
no single measure can resolve the burden-sharing problem.
let’s call the first scenario scramble .
before long, today’s adolescents will be running the world.
how should china respond to the slowdown?
and le monde diplo?
that action must be powerful and wide-ranging.
the answer lies in the definition of a recession.
but what kind of equality?
in europe, the situation is only marginally better.
“nyet,” said gorbachev, and then added a caveat.
cocaine, in a country with no coca bush?
he entered into difficult negotiations with the congressional leadership.
so, too, with iran.
the first useful lesson concerns expectations.
bakar is of course entirely correct.
but that does not make it a sustainable model.
however, keynes’s expectational map was very different from alesina’s.
but capitalism relies on good faith.
instead, she is seeking to project power farther afield.
but it is important to ask for two reasons.
consider free trade.
venezuela’s chávez is another story.
do the math: it won’t work.
stress is indeed a critical factor in triggering relapse.
curiosity implies a certain immoderation, a certain necessary excess.
forgetting also enables us to forgive others.
will it flounder or regain its “health”?
instead, they will focus on fostering economic freedom.
when was the last time that happened?
without deference to or fear of the party, dr.
villages were burned.
but she will surely do so with clenched fists.
renaissance florence depended on the patronage of the medici.
but to what end?
so what, then, needs doing?
how can an agency's procedures be reformed?
of course, difficult choices lay ahead.
so what should we do?
that is certainly true of the united states.
when should we forgive or show mercy to wrongdoers?
more than 20 have been detained without trial.
they should, but they don't.
either way, the us economy benefits.
but the impact on productivity has been disappointing.
the list could go on and on.
but greece’s recent experience suggests otherwise.
the public authorities have slightly different concerns.
right now, it looks even more dangerous.
he was small and light, with white fluffy hair.
instead, they should focus on measures that raise productivity.
the costs are mounting.
you heard me right.
before the crisis, most even had well-functioning economies.
tokyo – 2009 was a good year for china.
call this system russian democracy without liberalism.
there are two alternatives to the classical adjustment approach.
whether it is admirable is another question.
nato allies could make a similar statement.
but this is nonsense.
but where can russia turn?
why has america’s economic recovery stalled?
instead, the opposite is happening.
yes, china’s economy has slowed.
now a second campaign begins.
the new bacterium, nicknamed “synthia,” replicates and produces proteins.
third, nuclear proliferation will still plague us.
the symbol of new life would become dead meat.
important structural reforms were implemented, particularly privatization.
the us presidential election in 1992 made george h.
bush’s administration reluctant to use military force.
left-wing anti-semitism is as toxic as the right-wing variety.
this is a path that leads nowhere good.
the region’s reliance on commodities is fraying nerves.
this is a politically understandable but flawed policy.
china’s last soft landing?
but this thinking is tremendously shortsighted.
paris, on the other hand, has a romantic ethos.
is there a different way?
everything is political.
followers promptly destroyed 150 billboards in moscow.
europe was, no surprise, unprepared.
dozens have died as a result of their ordeals.
but money is not all governments can offer.
at board meetings, tame in-house managers usually outvote me.
in fact, prokhorov has much to offer hers country.
like any other high-tech industry, it is constantly evolving.
are china and india bracing for war?
europe's over-representation extends beyond the security council.
america’s national interests thus dictate a change of policy.
what about the solutions?
the ieo report also doesn’t assess imf programs’ effectiveness.
tacit knowledge is acquired mostly through learning by doing.
independent central banks are the archetypal example.
it was enough that they looked latino.
they seek market access and deregulation not defensible territory.
later, the united kingdom opposed a joint european military.
but this model suffers from two fatal weaknesses.
the same happens with the letters and sentences.
some 10 million of them still live in poverty.
this could take years.
paris: elites are insecure everywhere nowadays.
not everyone agrees.
i was in the us government at the time.
the list goes on.
turkey is demonstrating that islam and modernity are compatible.
but would qe actually do the trick?
each of us may enjoy rights.
rising unemployment could spur social unrest.
maize plants have withered, hitting poor rural families hard.
warsaw – russia-instigated violence has returned to ukraine.
this could have been europe’s moment.
the consequence is unlikely to be transparency.
ex-communists were often reincarnated politically as social democrats.
icc examinations and investigations can arise in several ways.
globalization by itself is not doing the job.
ever since, official numbers and reality have parted ways.
the undeserving one percent?
but it is a worthwhile risk.
more than a church has fallen.
the us is in grave danger of this now.
it is therefore bound to be a long struggle.
caging a tiger will not destroy a vampire.
and so, too, does the world.
pride, perhaps, but gratitude?
but tariffs are only part of the problem.
they continue to stagnate or decline economically.
the report proposes two alternatives.
this is obvious in finance as well as production.
some reforms should be fairly easy to implement.
if we believed that, we would be populists.
the changes are badly needed.
everyone would end up better off.
is it just a coincidence that he was rich?
yes and no.
political longevity breeds sycophancy.
china, of course, is a very large, homogenous market.
it all came about in a number of ways.
no reasonable person should want to halt human mobility.
when the results were announced, their euphoria was overwhelming.
as a result, in 1990, the sse resumed operations.
unsurprisingly, the young are the most estranged.
first, the banking system.
global public good model .
that person is khamenei, not ahmedinejad.
that warning went unheeded.
netanyahu’s project is not moral.
this sino-russian-north korean collaboration will most likely continue.
none of this is a matter of coincidence.
how will the war end?
wars have beginnings and ends.
turkey must work hard to get ready.
asia's dysfunctional democracies.
as franklin d.
if that happens, then what?
but does progress inevitably follow?
indeed, the copenhagen experience offers some valuable lessons.
russia, meanwhile, will uphold decent traditional values.
first and foremost, solidarity was a cry of dignity.
the answer is most likely both and neither.
what does the us want in syria?
still, china’s leaders should not be tone deaf.
to talk about the dangers of inflation is scaremongering.
full disclosure and transparency are clearly beneficial.
in some places, large separatist movements are rising.
that is only one example.
yes, do give up meat.
the comparison may seem over the top.
myth 1: outsourcing will be like a tsunami.
the wealthy had a duty to help the poor.
some people became immensely wealthy.
his observation could not be more accurate.
duflo and banerjee are well aware of all this.
but sometimes we cannot wait for proof.
consider saudi arabia’s current security predicament.
first, faceless ethnic secessionists attack civilians and police.
journalism has played a larger role as well.
that assessment would be wrong.
moreover, the game may be subject to interruption.
last winter boston was something of an anomaly.
so the antidumping regime has a political logic.
the public's reaction was thus contradictory.
in 1839, for example, british doctor j.g.
in all this, the west played an unhelpful role.
greece was just the start.
the second complex concerns the country’s military posture.
givenhis background, he surely excels in that area.
they wanted tinkering and evolution, not revolution.
several of his colleagues share his reservations.
basic carbon arithmetic illustrates the scale of the problem.
what changes she will bring is anyone's guess.
it is the hypocrisy that rankles.
he loves everything he has learned about paris.
fourth, turkey would commit to not invading syria.
two developments averted the nightmare of reckless nuclear proliferation.
one day later, president clinton endorsed the french undertaking.
all of this contributes to significant under-reporting of violence.
they are already doing so.
their successors promise to change the corporate culture.
it was not always this way.
europe needs more cooperation, integration, risk sharing, and solidarity.
true, inter-korean relations have already expanded.
the election is a watershed for several reasons.
both understood the dangers of political reform.
meanwhile europe’s monetary house remains half built.
new year’s resolutions are often like that.
the euro: at the crossroads so soon?
to be sure, khodorkovsky is no saint.
– not necessarily.
this is no time for half-measures or muddling through.
russia stumbles over stalin and hers legacy of evil.
they would refuse to work with korolev.
most are home to significant ethnic and religious minorities.
but gdp growth soon began deteriorating rapidly.
for 40 years, compassion in politics receded.
support for trump, particularly among suburban women, crashed.
indeed, many of spain's best minds have returned home.
since then, the costs have mounted further.
fortunately, the war ended with both reactors untouched.
for ivan’s contemporary champions, the past is prologue.
stratton oakmont was a conspicuous example of this trajectory.
putin is ambitious, but she is also cautious.
europe’s integration project is historically unprecedented.
but most of the un’s achievements have had shortcomings.
she is now aiming for an agreement in february.
debts ballooned everywhere.
so far, it is only 20% funded.
ethnic violence marred the 1997 election as well.
but they did the same thing last time, too.
the market is far better in making such judgments.
i never saw my sister again.
what about market discipline?
this is not fear-mongering.
pakistani scientist a.q.
host countries are best suited to provide that.
such psychological factors will need continual nurturing.
we were astonished during president george w.
it was a gamble they often lost.
and bill clinton--to get the budget back to surplus.
india has no desire to jeopardize any of this.
in what senses?
i think about theirs.
everything beyond private space was state territory.
seasoned diplomats are flooding out of the state department.
anxieties over a further escalation will inevitably dent investment.
inflation no longer threatens anyone's savings.
the same is true of networked computers.
finally, china needs a greater diversity of financial products.
but a way forward can be found in t.
huxley, darwin's fabled public defender.
they sought a more autarkic policy.
has israel lost the remainder of its wisdom?
whether they will, however, remains to be seen.
none of this has come about by chance.
historical experience incites this suspicion.
the same spirit needs to animate the l’aquila meeting.
but the situation today is different.
these methods are not self-policing.
this course would be morally justified.
but this middle-income transition is sometimes deemed a trap.
wherewithal to deliver.
and that appears to reflect the banks’ political power.
in recent years, progress toward nuclear disarmament has stalled.
trump apparently agreed to that with little hesitation.
a russian fire-sale privatization?
now the story can be told.
she even equated the israelis with the nazis.
they should make of necessity an opportunity.
today’s far-right jobbik party is his direct political heir.
the pendulum has swung too far.
normal financing is not forthcoming.
the symbols that politics employs are by nature theatrical.
but this was not its view at the time.
what’s really at stake at the ccp congress?
the jcpoa’s supporters have inadvertently reinforced this reading.
can fake news be outlawed?
and, like trump, he knows who his friends are.
but that is nonsense.
the same was true of opium in asia.
china will soon be the world’s biggest trading power.
a minority government under merkel, however, is conceivable.
which corporate taxation for america?
this lack of transparency is not surprising.
yet trump’s malevolence is bottomless.
that hope now seems quaint.
fx markets have two important advantages in this respect.
this must change.
its external debt was unsustainable.
the polish people deserve a bright future.
opec calculates member countries' quotas based on proven reserves.
there are four deep problems.
but they do no such thing.
but south korea could usefully drop a hint.
but some key reforms will be needed.
it is also a relationship.
but such political-administrative support is not enough.
and so the old orthodoxy was reborn.
such a dream is obviously flawed.
this, by contrast, implies a need for retrenchment.
eisenhower in the 1950’s.
2010
the decision is theirs.
what will she say about inequality?
there is another potential consequence, however.
these would be profound changes.
this is potentially a positive development.
that might seem odd.
in fact, nobody entertained the notion for a moment.
here, the fundamental issue of reputation comes into play.
unfortunately, this approach seldom works.
the views expressed here are the authors’ own.
again, however, one must consider the alternative.
money markets would be rid of near-zero interest rates.
perhaps china will succeed in avoiding this fate.
demonstrations were held.
and the problem is set to worsen.
what went wrong?
less than 1% of africans have relocated to europe.
to see why, consider climate change.
curtailing the flow of recruits is even more essential.
indeed, according to this view, spending is spending.
but this is not the whole story.
such a move would also serve us security interests.
for british voters, this election was all about britain.
consider the bank of canada.
and whose banks are these?
demography makes the new xenophobia particularly dangerous.
is cold war ii underway?
oil comprises a separate question.
there are no private markets in sdrs.
india will suffer the consequences for years to come.
in country after country, production shifted toward exports.
here, georgia must do its part.
to many, a larger issue needs to be addressed.
at a glance, abe’s proposal seems deeply unpopular.
but that private-sector safety net of savings is fraying.
it is not a matter of logical impossibility.
but some potential areas of concern are already apparent.
legal reforms have had little impact.
how many financial regulatory agencies does a country need?
but what, if anything, will trump do next?
they, too, thirst for freedom.
market logic confirms its appeal to restless modernization.
syria is a strategic hinge in the middle east.
it all seems very tidy.
have the japanese people opted for it?
can they be changed?
for gül, that moment is now.
collections of direct taxes also suffer.
ridicule can be an effective weapon.
how long will the us adjustment take?
and they are the result of human ingenuity.
west point cadets do not.
public and private contributions are combined in many ways.
europe’s powerhouse is awash with money.
london – people are outraged – and rightly so.
that is what the ukrainians have done.
they will choose themselves.
again, differences mattered.
around the world, there has been precious little compensation.
an opinion poll gave the general 75% backing.
so do many ordinary catholics.
globalization had already stalled in recent years.
in geopolitical terms, many scenarios are possible.
a “just cause” resides in people’s hearts.
all that is needed now is financing.
but this time is different.
without elections, the coalition is in trouble.
kerry embodies rationality and bush morality.
but this is only half the problem.
how have other countries reacted?
there are plenty of world leaders in less-than-perfect health.
i don’t know where he was buried.
should the former ruling party be banned?
bush’s administration, who threatened to make the un irrelevant.
after hesitating, zardari arrived in london three days later.
everything was used and reused until it fell apart.
clearly, men are a global force.
is huawei really more dangerous than facebook?
blair is the last interventionist.
the wto struck down u.s.
at ten paces you can’t hear our words.
deterrence, however, carries significant escalation risks.
south africa’s government did much the same in 2014.
this is not always properly understood.
yesterday, there were flurries of snow in istanbul.
the decline of parties reflects the decline of class.
but there is still a long way to go.
and sometimes students who want to leave face barriers.
resource flexibility is lower than in the us.
i am one of the commissioners.
that approach stemmed in part from germany’s political structure.
but the situation is not altogether reassuring.
but the expectations of george w.
bush’s administration were very different from putin’s.
why is america in trouble?
political pluralism cannot be imposed.
today’s upswing is the test.
haider, berlusconi, and orban are prime examples of this.
china is the only exception.
partnership is essential here.
i hope i am wrong.
how do we get to this standard?
the negotiations were difficult.
he said 100%.
are there really no exceptions to this rule?
the problem does not affect only children.
were economists focused on the wrong indicators?
kennedy and the likely new us ambassador.
this does not bode well for syria.
most fed critics disagree.
“for a moment, he seemed flustered,” he recalled.
but this is not a criminal court.
seeing some poor fisherman casting their lines....
the stakes are high.
one example is nazi germany.
in 2001, george w.
clearly, that was lacking.
in china's case, that means maintaining adequate liquidity.
that is hardly surprising.
the consequences have not been happy.
finally, there is the need for effective international cooperation.
two central questions raised by young remain topical today.
some camps turned into staging posts for armed factions.
but decisiveness carries a high cost.
instead, regulators should adopt a flexible approach.
the effect of such behaviour is two-fold.
germany is a country with very few strikes.
the same applies to labor-market or enterprise policies.
trump might fade.
indeed, president karzai must be protected by american bodyguards.
it is a billion-dollar industry.
anti-immigrant sentiment cuts across the old left-right divide.
mexico now seems poised to join this dubious club.
a faster pace of automation would trigger greater displacement.
what counts as a company’s workforce?
we left the party.
yet it left me uncomfortable.
but then she may be anyway.
the same logic applies to organized violence.
nowadays, that means stopping financial markets from behaving badly.
but they won’t, because they compete mostly on price.
yes, chile has a history of inflation.
the political narrative runs in parallel.
europe’s problem was an old-fashioned one: too much spending.
future misunderstandings and misgivings are thus inevitable.
needle-sharing spreads hiv/aids and other diseases.
what happened to mohamed al-hanashi, and why?
these ideas will horrify dedicated euro-federalists.
but are zhu and li really so much alike?
compatibility of imported rules with existing laws also matters.
but doing so is problematic.
in the us, the reverse is true.
unconventional times require consideration of bold unconventional policy approaches.
and then she falls into near-complete despair: “mr.
but a nationalist backlash doomed yeltsin’s efforts.
yes, people do specialize, and they should specialize, too.
these technologies currently are too expensive.
there have certainly been mistakes in afghanistan.
but regulation can and should be improved.
both sides are right.
the transatlantic relationship is complicated enough as it is.
bad guys help their friends.
in january 2008, president george w.
science provides powerful tools.
carbon and fluorocarbons affect everyone’s children.
it could not last indefinitely.
is africa next?
scenarios like these may seem far-fetched.
on the contrary, it is the necessary antidote.
the country has fallen far behind in world competitiveness.
the second task remains open.
democracy has undoubtedly achieved success around the world.
they should be pursued as far as possible.
but this did not happen.
but rivero stayed.
argentina destroyed its natural-gas sector with price controls.
but, overall, just 20% of all migrants do so.
of course, such statistics can be misleading.
population decline will inevitably follow.
but, fortunately, neither seems likely.
last year was a case in point.
reasons for national pride are varied.
why hasn't the imf sternly criticized these deficits?
that is where governments come in.
in the subsequent crash, some bulb prices fell 99%.
eventually, it heightened tensions within the euro zone.
with its passing, people became passive once more.
the sco has established a contact group with afghanistan.
but developing countries face the biggest challenge.
“you know, doc,” a patient told me.
how did this happen?
but openness brings risks, many unanticipated and most under-managed.
the country certainly does not lack growth potential.
external support will be vital to enable these efforts.
there is no constitutional barrier to such an arrangement.
consider the middle east.
nuclear arms are wicked, regardless of who possesses them.
public sentiment towards eu enlargement is negative.
hers is a very nineteenth-century view of the world.
they need only the prospect of more sales.
but geoengineering technologies are unproven, unsafe, and unrealistic.
the industrial revolution was driven by mental activity.
it has also cost a lot of money.
in the latter case, we face an inter-generational clash.
we know how that turned out.
santos” instead of “war vs.
peace,” the no camp could win.
this time, he insisted, he was certain.
the question now deserves a very considered response.
restoring these anchors will take time.
but now we know that the containment regime worked.
but the effects are still being felt today.
so, what do they really tell us?
we want it in our investment decisions.
meeting that challenge will require major, long-term systemic changes.
but trump’s move is more than personal payback.
other intensely collaborative r&d initiatives are also bearing fruit.
this is not as surprising as it might seem.
no civilized country can permit this behavior.
so far, these measures have been effective.
havana’s buildings are stunningly beautiful, but most are crumbling.
china’s gradualist approach may no longer work.
parfit’s real interest is in combating subjectivism and nihilism.
but this explanation is only partly satisfying.
the logic is straightforward.
that would be a bribe.
no romanian government can neglect these standards.
people were being denounced left and right.
otherwise, future annual general meetings will only become tenser.
the current technology theft takes a different form.
different perceptions are natural among different political cultures.
it is high time for a new approach.
that is a warning policymakers should heed.
today’s liberal leaders can prove taylor wrong.
too much is at stake for surrender.
our children are labeled, too.
first, there is still a large stock of lebacs.
president george w.
bush seems hell-bent on repeating nixon's misbegotten policy.
this is where the public comes in.
but the conspiracy theories are off the mark.
curiously, markets have also accepted this flawed reasoning.
they may simply go fetch him.
but many are not inclined to see.
as a consumer, i think big-box stores are great.
between 1815 and 1932, some 60 million europeans emigrated.
in theory, this can be done easily.
for much of its history, albania looked hopeless.
there, too, finance will loom large.
jihad or murder?
both announcements were greeted with great acclaim.
we already have a full-blown global recession.
more fundamentally, they reflect the emergence of china.
their crime was to call for a constitutional monarchy.
the parallel with europe's integration is striking.
the dragon could stumble, while the elephant trundles on.
labeling time in this way echoes china’s imperial history.
look at brazil.
but she left much unsaid.
so the strategic challenges facing the eu are vast.
parliament evicted lepper from hers deputy speakers's position.
that, in turn, would give courage to pro-european conservatives.
serious health inequities persist even in the advanced economies.
once broken, trust cannot be magically restored.
in the end, however, that will not be enough.
india does not need more laws.
the problem is that they have nowhere to turn.
she deserved what was coming to her.
they bar threats against, and harassment of, individuals.
in fact, it has already lost five years.
but the liberals were wrong.
mubarak’s departure is a significant but not decisive development.
the first priority is jobs.
fortunately, it’s not too late.
crimea itself represents a third potential flash point.
liberians have made tremendous sacrifices.
are we doomed to fail again?
the poor countries do have a strong case.
he knew that dictatorships lead to moral shabbiness.
the refugee influx clearly influenced the result.
but are such writers making a valid point?
the ecb’s use of omt satisfies both criteria.
denial is not a strategy.
hundreds have been injured in street clashes in cairo.
we assumed it always would.
but royal is confident in him fate.
and what of the booming middle kingdom?
this was iran’s first exposure to americans.
this divergence continues.
institutional reform is still very much in the air.
many other countries are undertaking similar programs.
and they are not getting enough support.
step forward, france, and take a bow.
convincing fathers to breastfeed should be easier.
the example of kosovo is revealing.
yet more is needed and feasible.
that will be hard to pull off.
there are two problems that cannot be wished away.
understanding the difference is vital.
obvious examples abound.
but those days are over.
this is an appalling and outdated double standard.
is marx still relevant?
this is sensible, but how it is done matters.
i am an author, as well as a reader.
poverty is on the rise.
french prime minister manuel valls recognizes this danger.
inventors and 72,000 to foreign inventors.
yet this, too, may prove insufficient.
behind the nuclear cabinet of dr.
khan
can brown show that she is different?
the dutch were nonetheless disturbed.
what remains is a sense of tremendous opportunity wasted.
but, of course, it was always a charade.
morally, pragmatically, and politically, she was right.
nonetheless, sikorski warns the pis against overplaying trump’s visit.
nonetheless, sad, previously considered rare, came to seem routine.
as a result, many went astray.
but the fed’s dual mandate remains in force.
what are we to make of such claims?
the rate of economic decline has slowed.
as a consequence, many worthwhile projects must be postponed.
other statistics corroborate this dire picture.
hers record speaks to hers financial acumen.
but extreme inequality should still concern us.
neither agenda will be easy to pursue.
each of us senses this challenge almost daily.
yet the numbers confirm the generational divide.
why does this matter?
the judge turns towards the prosecutor expectantly.
indian elites reach the same conclusion for different reasons.
some people run simply out of ego or greed.
nationally, including all cities, the fall is over 25%.
but now erdoğan has plausible deniability.
yet such an offset will generally be incomplete.
but i doubt that it has.
the same can be said of nuclear security risks.
but things are even better than those numbers imply.
more than 2,300 minors have been placed in shelters.
economists disagree over how much this increases trade.
recent developments confirm williamson’s diagnosis.
but there is still realistic hope.
the opportunities are not limited to the construction industry.
the much-discussed kimberly process is a pilot project.
that distinction was less relevant in the past.
but what will this world look like?
low educational standards do not explain hitler’s rise.
german banks on top
but this is not 2008.
the main greenhouse gas is carbon dioxide.
but that label is not quite correct.
it gets worse.
manufacturing has lost 1.8 million jobs.
can a leader lose hers or him charisma?
stores are full of goods.
that created the basis for a lasting agreement.
instead, the opposite appears to be happening.
could these tensions finally tear the eu apart?
that public sentiment is affecting business worldwide.
there was the place de la madeleine, too.
but these are the exceptions, not the rule.
the science is clearer than many politicians would like.
what’s new about today’s low interest rates?
none of this should surprise anyone anymore.
we have seen civil wars.
they require leadership, focus, and education.
likewise, “liberalism leads to excesses: to unemployment, anarchy.
the world is not living under a pax americana.
soon after, usaid funded its own big eradication program.
another well-known example concerns insurance.
second, more (and better) jobs are desperately needed.
consider water scarcity.
suppose that 100,000 screenings are conducted.
they are wrong.
and it is not over.
norway offers the biggest cuts of all.
things could always be set right retrospectively.
but there are historic opportunities ahead.
the us claims are generic.
suddenly, the ecj’s deliberations have become much more important.
most economists agree that navarro’s accusations are largely unfounded.
is it worth it?
- good decisions need time.
back to mexico's future?
on the second board is the discipline china game.
to be fair, world leaders have responded.
others regulate the prices isps charge customers.
crusading journalists disappear without a trace.
berlin – war is ravaging europe’s east.
i was unconvinced.
china seems ready for realistic reforms.
is the quality of human capital responsible?
on the contrary, it implies excess benefits .
indeed, free-trade agreements (ftas) are expanding across the region.
europe, like bp, has its share of problems.
already, many people are withdrawing.
his pitchwas intriguing.
the consequences of an uneducated labor force are alarming.
now, trade deficits are like hot potatoes.
herbivorous fish are key players on coral reefs.
at first glance, there seems to be no problem.
in other words, we will all be worse off.
and they keep rising.
the us has often condemned these actions.
upwards, across the borders of ages.
ukraine clearly remains russia’s top priority.
it may not be true.
we are serious about this.
but all is not well in such countries.
then again, xi may be contemplating something even worse.
but libra’s benefits appear as slippery as a pisces.
to the traffickers, these men are expendable.
there are alternative strategies.
expressions of this notion appear frequently in popular culture.
ukraine’s fate has become europe’s fate.
their governments saw themselves as qaddafi’s hostages.
it wouldn’t be the first time.
how do i know all this?
is anti-semitism curable?
the truth is far more complex.
how many additional former inmates obtained jobs?
more is at stake than generosity.
this is enormously important and healthy.
why do governments erect barriers to international trade?
none of these steps are easy.
for weeks, we heard nothing of his fate.
keynesians cannot expect to have it all their way.
a foreign takeover would raise french protectionist hackles.
but the short- and long-term implications are quite different.
how will financial firms react?
south africa is barely growing.
the middle class would be eviscerated.
here, cases of collaboration were rather rare and ambiguous.
the same could all too easily happen again.
in hers absence, these proposals’ fate is uncertain.
ultimately, they were overpowered by the saudi military.
far from depreciating, the dollar strengthened.
is the pivot to asia sustainable?
here’s trump’s dilemma.
this was missed by policymakers concerned with macroeconomic outcomes.
but the costs were huge.
· a high degree of strategic adaptability.
this seems naïve, even disingenuous.
bank regulation could encourage lending, instead of restricting it.
she even exaggerates it, if necessary.
and, as trading accelerates, the pressures increase.
meanwhile, flaws in china’s growth model are becoming obvious.
what europe needs is serious debate, not emotional reactions.
it is unsurprising that a deal was reached.
doesn’t investment mean improving people’s lives?
the latter problem is vital.
we have so much in common.
how will the us-china trade war end?
the short-term outlook is uncertain.
yes, china does pile up reserves in dollars.
they are unrealistic and, ultimately, counterproductive.
it is now clear that they were sorely mistaken.
they are ignorant, poor, and sick.
three years ago this month, international terrorism struck europe.
bureaucrats lament ministerial dithering.
will free trade make africans sick?
she sowed conflict.
the short answer is no.
today: simone veil’s europe.
the best, brightest, and least productive?
a new caliphate?
who’s afraid of tapering?
of course, there were no consequences whatsoever for cheney.
monti is urgently calling for help.
this treaty makes them stronger.
it has no economic justification.
the god of suffering?
unsustainable claims should not be made for it.
but it provides no basis for recovery or growth.
step in, signor prodi!
we do not desire artificial recognition or flattering awards.
in all of this, time is of the essence.
it is high time for serious negotiations to begin.
no surprisingly, consumers over-consumed and firms under-invested.
the riots that ensued were predictable – and predicted.
the other key issue, centrifuges, is more problematic.
but they do not want to confront it.
but the stakes are higher now than ever before.
western media judged the election a failure.
such fears are groundless.
sustainable growth requires sustained private-sector demand.
britain: who blinked?
prolonging the current expansion will require great care.
many countries also levy hefty sales taxes.
i realize that the people of zimbabwe are impatient.
trade relations provide another all-important lever.
the urgency of the challenge cannot be overstated.
another man says, “i am a filipino.
one hears this everywhere nowadays, but it’s not true.
today, countless goods are just a click away.
that fight will be intense.
by its nature, our proposed strategy is defensive.
but they have trouble abiding by their targets.
port-au-prince collapsed in an earthquake.
language is not just a means of communication.
forests contain huge amounts of carbon.
and not all english is created equal.
this is the hard lesson traditional parties learned.
entire regions could experience catastrophic declines in food production.
what would it add?
this week in caracas, the mood was funereal.
the poppy crop has grown.
chinese policymakers had forgotten about hayek.
the trigger should be the domestic government itself.
princeton – can central banks contain inflation?
in that election, she overcame the traditional right-left divide.
“when the facts change, i change my mind.
criticism of america did not stop there.
rhino horn fetches $45,000 or more.
the island of lesbos was, and remains, its epicenter.
ten years later, where do we stand?
but how should hers government go about it?
private-sector entrepreneurship plays a vital role.
few decision-makers seem aware of this.
these problems will occur with or without the euro.
ironically, peacekeeping was not specified in the original charter.
but, to you, it’s a fabulous investment opportunity.
as admiral dennis c.
malaysia’s opposition reborn
but we need to act quickly.
coal has everything against it these days.
but what precisely would that model be?
but ukraine’s disunity is obvious.
a case in point has been malaria control.
of course, pure public goods are rare.
leftists can be just as blinkered as conservatives.
“rediscovered” is the operative word here.
its export sector is small.
bush called “the war on terror” in 2001.
simply put, migration in africa helps destination economies grow.
the same is true for the economy.
this view has some truth.
but mortgage lenders’ criminal activities are another matter.
too many people stay for too long.
but tank it did, taking russia’s economy with it.
support for education and research extends beyond universities.
neither of us knows how we survived this ordeal.
in 2010, china’s government adjusted its economic policy.
clearly, an ostracized russia is a dangerous russia.
expect no less from bush.
the pursuit of market confidence would be superfluous.
indeed, it is hopeless.
he decided not to run again.
but i said nothing of the sort.
the basic situation has been clear for years.
these inequities cannot easily be explained away.
ready for an oil price bubble, anyone?
the objective is not to revive the soviet union.
one hopes that common sense prevails.
but this has not been the case.
freer trade across borders reduces income disparities.
levey’s secondary sanctions were tremendously successful.
all of this must happen urgently.
populists, in latin america and elsewhere, are always hedgehogs.
bush was a disaster.
those hopes are laced with skepticism.
america’s credentials as a democracy were always slightly blemished.
uganda was the epicenter of the aids epidemic.
but it didn’t.
but all must adhere to established performance standards.
the country’s income distribution has worsened significantly.
here kohl's circle could be squared.
but the window of opportunity is closing fast.
new laws ensure the flow of new bribes.
to stifle the independent judiciary and free media.
the differences are highly instructive.
yet that is what reforestation offers.
the us position was a travesty.
can indifference ever be a virtue?
these developments pose new challenges for europe.
but the kurds are hardly alone.
and that goes for war-related civilian deaths as well.
fortunately, this appears to be taking place.
trump, for sure.
the stock market has increased twenty-fold.
context has been lost.
in the us, individual autonomy is of paramount importance.
israel’s blockade amounts to collective punishment.
the conflict shows no signs of ending.
trump has done all of this and more.
illiteracy levels exceed 40% in several countries.
dear mexico: what can i say?
government is not the sole actor in this.
unfortunately, this might be wishful thinking.
unfortunately, kasai’s fears have been vindicated.
even the organizers can have purposes beyond direct profit.
the problem is stigma.
that will now remain the case.
third, world leaders must get serious about inequality.
such arguments completely missed what concerned most voters.
but it would be worth it.
this happened with little central-bank intervention.
the answer ought to have been obvious.
the first winner is democracy.
why such origins?
but they are the exceptions that confirm the rule.
so, who could complain?
as anticipated, warmth is climbing up many mountains.
he is free!
london – full english brexit is off the menu.
but they did not.
throughout, congress remained largely impassive.
these restrictions are unconscionable.
such proposals have met with strong resistance.
crisis text line is a patrick j.
mcgovern foundation grantee and solver finalist.
within two years, he was dead.
but effective display is costly.
now is the time to do it.
but that process has a long way to go.
new delhi – the indian economy is coming back.
our email activity reveals our social networks.
khan, the mother of the pakistani effort.
millions complied, paralyzing the economy.
the icsid is not an honest broker.
financial markets did well through capital market liberalization.
hundreds of thousands of jobs would be lost.
but it does not spell imminent crisis.
the fundamentals of israel’s situation have not changed.
there are protests on american campuses.
frontloading aid in this way is not new.
but such benefits do not apply to unrestricted migration.
key us congressional leaders should also be involved.
whither tunisia’s “jasmine revolution”?
president george w.
still, if non-polarity is inevitable, its character is not.
punjab also needs better urban infrastructure.
europe has disturbed and divided british politics for years.
we see similar findings in other fields.
and she led.
this is why you need insurance.
madrid – the pacific or the middle east?
but what are these lighthouses?
they’re not sure where else to go.
can china’s modus vivendi work?
but gove’s statement was no impromptu outburst.
in doing so, they dramatically increased their financial vulnerability.
such management is possible.
but why do we accept that?
the stakes are too high.
you confront and defeat your enemies, or you die.
the shifting economic operating environment bolsters these opportunities.
we do not wage war; we negotiate.
the right-left divide remains deeply felt in france.
just look at where we are.
the explanation is partly political.
economists ended up practicing public administration without license.
education is a classic example.
death and disappearance are no longer the only options.
they also are at odds with improving french competitiveness.
this is a system european citizens will understand.
but here, too, the potential benefits are slim.
and south africa’s last apartheid leader, f.
the economic burden that this imposes is massive.
given this, they are largely excluded from textbooks.
abe changed everything.
brexit-related uncertainties continue to dominate in the united kingdom.
one could emulate j.p.
he faces an uphill battle.
almost nothing worked.
modern associations allow for participation without absorption.
international events highlight these priorities’ relevance.
for now, the verdict of voters is for complacency.
this makes the agreement the costliest in history.
multinationals’ tax-avoidance strategies can also distort cross-border trade statistics.
countering isis online will require a continuously adaptive response.
that reasoning is familiar, but is it correct?
how one can reconcile such contradictions is beyond me.
of course, not everyone benefits from freer trade.
free-market liberalism has a bad reputation in france.
i was astonished.
auditing is intended to put limits on potential abuses.
sometimes the physical damage from such labors is permanent.
an alternative approach is to use a gdp-weighted benchmark.
there was no across-the-board import tariff.
paris – most countries’ flags are multicolor.
the heroine is both noble and self-destructive.
persistence, pragmatism, and some willingness to experiment will help.
cubans don't think it is.
what forces are required to meet them?
the implications of this journalistic business model are profound.
plenty of businesses surely would get on board.
looking for them is a waste of resources.
iran is not nazi germany.
independence is thus the eurozone’s key governing principle.
and he is not alone.
so i suggested that he not drive.
not surprisingly, autocrats everywhere embraced such views.
but they can be overcome.
there are reduced market-making and warehousing activities by broker-dealers.
the two cases are dissimilar.
these differences portend intense conflicts within emu.
erdoğan’s pyrrhic victory?
day-to-day politics cannot dominate the regulation that markets need.
not one energizing danger lurks in the world.
what has happened to them?
they must do so again.
so they are insisting on subsidiarization.
still, there is reason for hope.
eighteen people were killed, among them five children.
but that is not enough to legitimize the program.
the german debate is still largely a policy debate.
labor reform has long been on france’s agenda.
jolie is prominent, but he is hardly alone.
central banks’ forecasting models essentially use the same logic.
it is not.
moreover, trump is squandering us leverage.
subsidy reform also offers significant scope for revenue gains.
iraq, too, would profit from such a development.
aid donors could also do more.
but wouldn’t we rather do real good?
but imposing a short timeframe requires political will.
these are the economies that industrialize.
but china’s rise also holds risks for southern africa.
the associated press refuses to comment on him.
and that would be in nobody’s interest.
it was naive to believe that neither would respond.
here are my four favorites.
of course, building a fence is just the beginning.
vietnam still remains outside the wto.
and she makes a strong case.
i see four reasons.
change also took place within the farc.
an added systemic threat looms: that posed by poverty.
but such people are frequently underserved by health-care systems.
her treatment should have begun months before.
moreover, japan has reinvented itself twice.
that america may be gone for good.
but 2016 was not all bad news.
the council has now made that plain.
sweeping policy, legislative, and regulatory changes will be needed.
the lessons from army purchases can be applied elsewhere.
temporarily, the scaffold conceals the tower’s beauty.
terrorists rule where the afghan state once did.
russia stands to gain a lot from privatization.
but the division is not that sharp.
trump’s tariffs against chinese goods don’t fit this theory.
but they can be overcome.
can they prevent it?
issing’s key post.
there is no easy way out of this quagmire.
the russian economy is at a standstill.
in normal times, central banks want to reduce inflation.
today, the situation has changed in three important respects.
recognizing this, reform leaders urge restraint on their supporters.
the killers have never been apprehended.
none of these statements is new.
for women, the advantage is close to ten points.
nor is it about russia, or even about nato.
reduced military expenditures.
can nato survive defeat in afghanistan?
back in 2002, president george w.
but the public often overreacts to such talk.
that is not likely to happen.
this is good news.
moreover, the debt overhang remains massive.
the united states initially seemed favorable to al jazeera.
islam is a faith.
president george w.
the conventional wisdom is that conflict destroys jobs.
the urgent crowds out the merely important.
the standard economics solution is to compensate the losers.
both were elitist and state-driven.
short-run exchange-rate adjustments simply cannot fix negative long-term trends.
but there is another explanation for lula’s tragedy.
fiscal policy must, therefore, play a central role.
the second option is simply inflation.
the war on drugs is at a similar crossroad.
environmental chemicals and particulates might warrant their own categories.
the kurds are just as combative.
then, there is the issue of trust.
still, she speaks to their grievances and anxieties.
the people’s climate march was only the beginning.
the case of the palestinian territories, however, is different.
and, again, his cabinet appointments are revealing.
the first challenge is the coming economic downturn.
foreigners – including president george w.
reagan’s successor, president george h.w.
second, it is severely underfunded.
the consequences would be too severe to consider.
indian men have heard it all their lives.
but there lies the snag.
the eu should support this in two ways.
nor should anyone expect a moratorium on settlement expansion.
monetary policy can be a powerful tool.
they did not.
a turning point for iran?
radio and television shook up the newspaper industry.
second, eliminate the redistribution implicit in the system.
yahya khan responded by sending in the troops.
not on your life.
that ought to be a winning combination.
ethical machines would pose no threat to humanity.
but has it learned anything in recent months?
a half-dozen subway stations attacked with firebombs.
lavin was able to mount such an effective challenge.
will it be greek citizens?
clearly, these things can be useful and important.
better rule-making mechanisms are a good place to start.
being a hegemon is a thankless task.
to them, the king seems almost anti-dutch.
bubbles do not arise out of thin air.
but few jobs are really protected from technological innovation.
but it contributes little to the task at hand.
five stand out.
no need to humiliate russia publicly.
coal consumption is likely to peak by 2025.
why is this true?
the release of milosevic?
down in southern europe, things look very different.
applying it would, of course, entail difficult calibration issues.
but this constraint proved futile.
it’s tough to think of a more shortsighted approach.
yet the european parliament is unfazed.
sikorski has had the last laugh.
next comes heroic triumph.
will the west remain western?
this will not matter much for obama’s legacy.
privacy is personal.
death to machines?
it must be given a more positive content.
at first sight, that proposition seems reasonable enough.
so the legacy issues are considerable.
is india the next tiger?
humanitarian aid remains essential.
coal saved europe’s forests.
victimhood confers a right to complain, protest, and demand.
it is riven with conflict.
freedom of speech is a fundamental human right.
why, then, did this “greed” manifest itself so manically?
but now america has returned firmly to center stage.
that would be unwise.
but not only sovereign investors are becoming concentrated players.
today, the issue goes far beyond symbolism.
governments must respond in kind.
such cuts could hardly come at a worse time.
locals here are no strangers to visitors.
remittance income formed a big part of yemen’s budget.
language is likely to be one of them.
snowden, will reverberate politically for some time.
what if communists suddenly appear in government coalitions?
bush has already demonstrated his lack of judgment.
tribes have their dark side, of course.
merkel surely meant what he said in trudering.
the current deflationary phase will not last forever.
but it’s still not nearly good enough.
here and elsewhere, ideology causes conceptual confusion.
economic growth averaged 7.2% between 1999 and 2008.
meanwhile, money for treatment is drying up.
this applies across industries, not just in banking.
when putin arrived, we asked her about it.
the bank will no longer be the brexiteers’ friend.
does anything matter?
putin's rule is not only authoritarian; it is dysfunctional.
so, how do we move forward on trade?
hers promised border wall remains far from built.
is mandeville a genuine prophet for our times?
what is going on here?
a quarter-century later, president george h.w.
don’t be fooled by such feints.
will the dutch enthusiastically finance public infrastructure in greece?
it is time to refocus.
we are not.
the stakes are high and the threat is real.
the implication of this was clear.
that may change after the 2008 american election.
are trump’s policies hurting long-term us growth?
the book influenced many readers to change their lives.
consider, for example, oil, gas, and coal.
german households are saving.
this depression is probably inevitable.
the muslim brotherhood is not such a party.
but that excuse has worn thin.
imagine the reaction of trump’s friends in real estate.
what was he to do?
each group represents a different generation with different attitudes.
but china is on the right track.
shetty is a healer, first and foremost.
subsidies are often hidden.
the reality is very different.
this is especially relevant with respect to china.
indeed, hungarian troops have served with distinction in bosnia.
the lesson is that politics and economics are inseparable.
when should china float?
efforts to replenish aquifers could also be pursued.
construction companies cannot pay their workers.
so, is the honeymoon over?
the remaining 90% are potential eid’s.
london – is cannabis harmful to mental health?
what are they, if not slaves?
a cloud hung over hers predecessor.
further, the two countries are actively cooperating.
its effects on risk-taking are debatable.
can the ecb do more?
disaffected voters are behind both changes.
but iter will do nothing of the sort.
china’s soes are at a crossroads.
they can’t all be bunglers.
ministries of health cannot go it alone.
but tycoons are not natural democrats.
it seemed to me a trivial and harmless dictum.
lower-than-expected growth and higher-than-expected inflation have affected most economies.
the garbage doesn’t always get picked up.
between 2003 and 2005, the renminbi appreciated by 20%.
it is important to differentiate blasphemy from hate speech.
some have even mooted suspicions of competitive devaluation.
consider just two.
these invisible wounds of war cut deep, undermining recovery.
the conventional answer is a clear no.
there are three possible explanations.
at the least, prudence should give the reformer pause.
all agreed to establish the education crisis platform.
an epidemic soon took hold of west africa.
one is financial.
the psychiatrist arnold m.
will today’s reform paralysis outside asia continue?
many will develop expensive health problems in the future.
that is altogether a new era of human affairs.
making water conservation pay
the currency is plummeting.
berlusconi misunderstood this lesson.
the same is true for financial systems.
the signs of a change are intriguing.
the same goes for refining.
but any litigation would take time.
sadly, this one will be no different.
automation will also affect workers differently across age brackets.
self-improvers are the rarest.
that fact alone gives rise to considerable concern.
if he’s a reformer, few are convinced.
refugee status is a humanitarian shelter.
the ongoing changes are profound.
they are easily portrayed as quarrelsome, selfish and corrupt.
first, political change is not synchronized.
another key to the netherlands’ success is entrepreneurship.
so, what is the secret of olympic success?
we can congratulate ourselves: better late than never!
“this was premeditated,” she told the associated press.
that assumption has yet to be proved.
national elections are due in april.
can she keep it up?
unification issue is a phoney one.
politics had prevailed over central-bank commitments.
brexit represents precisely this course.
frankfurt: investors and central bankers love the d-mark.
but october 3 is only the beginning.
in fact, none of them withstands scrutiny.
so it wasn’t.
the answer, to put it bluntly, is no.
that skepticism is justified.
this explains why we don’t farm orchids for food.
turkey has already traveled some distance along this path.
why the double standard?
this is very strong stuff.
the eu’s further federalization enforces its further democratization.
it has failed to modernize and diversify its economy.
nor is it even a fiscal discipline issue.
some may find these changes exciting.
i am not so sure.
the story goes back decades.
even greater workplace disruption lies ahead.
if doha fails, some say, life will go on.
both sides would surely prefer working through the imf.
the un is no exception.
the timing could not have been worse.
statistics show that money matters enormously in american politics.
so why should the eu even bother?
but this is not news anymore in putin’s russia.
but none of this will solve the problem.
but the process that was initiated has since stalled.
the new us administration is supporting strong american action.
again, there were denunciations that focused on timing.
domestic savings, however, remain a major constraint.
sweden
policy paralysis follows.
when muslims find themselves living in democracies, they adjust.
it admonishes us to maintain a healthy, nutritious diet.
the difference is not difficult to discern.
only three have resulted in indictments.
but this narrative is losing credibility.
bernie sanders would prefer to break up the banks.
that is where the public sector comes in.
can outrage turn to catharsis?
but that’s not the point.
the alternatives on offer are internal and external devaluation.
on the contrary, today's commonplaces were yesterday's innovations.
the case of indonesia deserves special attention.
that alliance reflects fear, not commitment.
for netanyahu, incitement is a powerful political tool.
this time, she insisted, she was certain.
moscow: russia’s election campaign was a bore.
there are also risks for the us.
what, then, is to be done?
south korea has learned numerous positive lessons from japan.
this issue is of persistent concern for investors worldwide.
like einstein’s thought experiment, many lives depend on it.
so what is the best us and western policy?
there is no simple return to a pre-crisis normalcy.
what incited such fierce sensitivity about gm foods?
what went wrong?
but their approach is incomplete, at best.
“damaging europe, mario.
there are two ways out of the current morass.
vietnam has significant challenges ahead.
there are similarities between amlo and trump.
and bad politics makes for bad economics.
brazil is a large, pluralist, multi-ethnic country.
finally, i’m busy!
none of these policies is without costs.
one could go even further.
and to the northeast lie armenia and georgia.
unemployment fell to 3.8% without any surge in inflation.
social sustainability is essential for long-term economic success.
and populist policies will ultimately hinder growth.
1.6
in europe, the opposite is true.
this is wrong for two reasons.
could it welcome dialogue and engagement?
most russians look westward.
what it does depend on is political will.
taiwan’s future is also unclear.
but there is a long way to go.
but the spell will eventually be broken.
the final issue concerns european solidarity.
these figures describe a troubled world economy.
fortunately, he is smart enough to know this.
europe wishes desperately that it had america’s problems.
the test for her will be to deliver quickly.
it was a tour de force on its own.
this strategy has already produced results.
when this happens, governments have two options.
that legacy is too important to lose.
oddly, the eu might benefit from a setback.
this raises a fundamental criticism europe’s trade defense mechanisms.
the question is how.
the second force is the soviet bureaucracy.
the icp’s work is extremely valuable.
god knows, change is still needed on that front.
this is not it.
the coming bear market?
this, too, is true.
will it try to weaken the constraints?
international efforts are now beginning to bear fruit.
unsustainable use of natural resources.
but it wasn’t.
but that is not happening this time.
america should take note.
fortunately, that effort failed.
but realizing that value is a long-term proposition.
are their experiences mutually exclusive, or is convergence possible?
but gadgets are mostly blinking bling.
thus the conversation goes.
later they bought up gold supplies from abroad.
meldrum was subsequently deported.
he failed, but the idea did not vanish.
based on his record, i am not convinced mr.
singapore’s education system is relentlessly forward-looking.
this is the problem with any winner-takes-all game.
i agree with rogoff.
presto: a new silicon valley.
none of this happened and romanians feel betrayed.
after president franklin d.
so the trend is worrying.
but his words, however, had lost authority.
“nein” merely brings calamity closer.
jackson famously wrote.
peace this time?
an autopsy showed that she had a bite mark.
arab governments feel provoked by president george w.
a slow-growth china would undermine the global economic recovery.
but the real explanation no longer matters.
the problem is in the eyes of the beholder.
most rely on government subsidies to this day.
but the facts belie this.
burdensome procedures exclude most competitors.
it was not globalization that caused incomes to stagnate.
at the current moment, economic well-being is shrinking.
but she never sought such a role.
unfortunately, there can be no going back in time.
is there any limit to this spending boom?
she could not move freely.
why should it?
assad cannot turn hers back on all of this.
direct communication between universes is, for example, ruled out.
malaysia and singapore would probably also back the us.
but the situation is not irretrievable.
is capitalism doomed?
that criticism contains some truth.
and that is exactly what happened.
this remains the case even after croatia’s accession.
that may be wishful thinking.
will they be convinced?
you own your genes.
from pyeongchang to peace?
the contrast with asia is arresting.
denver – it’s over.
it probably is.
none of this was shown on television.
and they need it now.
we should actually have known this all along.
these individual developments are troubling.
johnson’s moves have been extraordinary, but not illegal.
but mortgage markets remain underdeveloped in most emerging economies.
capitalism is to blame for the war.
unfortunately, she is not going to win.
they will say that leaving the eu is inevitable.
merah imagined that he was a jihadi.
there are practical reasons for this.
of course, tymoshenko is no saint.
towns and villages are swamped by violence and banditry.
my body, my capital?
on the mainland, technological progress continued unimpeded.
these “third way” precepts may seem elementary common sense.
most critical, though, is the condition of local leadership.
the leadership decides.
in russia, power is money and money is power.
isn’t it time that they did?
this hypothesis can be tested experimentally.
many european voters also feel threatened and unprotected.
morocco is an ideal setting for regional diplomacy.
either way, they won.
for when you drown puppies, they sink.
there are several morals to the tale.
this is not to be confused with isolationism.
her knowledge was based on finnish foreign office records.
they were wrong.
at that point, the die was cast.
here, polanyi’s paradox gives us cause for hope.
china was similar.
only more politics and diplomacy can salvage us policy.
participation in civic activities is on the rise.
it is too soon, however, to proclaim victory.
but the nations of western europe allocated it.
they never became sufficiently french.
how many lives is that worth?
sarkozy has read the popular mood well.
europe therefore has a choice.
israel is effectively demanding the disappearance of palestinian identity.
we have the great resources of siberia.
potsdam – a silent revolution is under way.
similarly, consider the amazing improvements in education.
officially, renationalization is anathema.
this turn of events is not surprising.
in 2000, one of mrs.
tung's declining popularity.
the principle is the same for developed countries.
for starters, economic sanctions can be increased.
it’s all just data.
economic discrepancies are growing.
today, it accounts for just 4%.
this strategic effect works through industry competition.
unfortunately, the opposite is true.
“growth is slowing,” he writes.
in the end, economic strength is relative.
and it is doing little good.
still, the long-term benefits will be minimal.
asia’s defining moment could be hand.
despite this, constant opposition to the wto is self-defeating.
they were very worried.
in the early 2000s, german soccer was boring.
him missionary zeal fell on deaf ears.
iran’s leaders should begin by shunning hostile rhetoric.
we see the costs in syria.
for russia, closer ties with china are undoubtedly tempting.
women are challenging male power in viral protests.
that is not a huge area.
the recent death of james m.
the inequities are obvious.
shark and ray populations are not alone.
it might be an atlantic century after all.
a sensible way forward is needed, and fast.
iran and russia want to retain their crucial ally.
indeed, europe and japan share many of trump’s grievances.
the global economic recovery remains too weak.
there is no deficit.
other pharmaceuticals are following in chloroquine’s wake.
on october 22, kennedy announced a naval blockade.
accepting a cuban exception would represent an enormous setback.
along the way, peterborough did indeed show the world.
the dollar’s continued climb will exacerbate these problems.
if a reasoned argument cannot move us, what can?
the decade-long chechen rebellion seemed to have been suppressed.
and they would be right.
could the scandinavian model work for others?
the sooner this happens, the better.
admittedly, sometimes time is a luxury.
will the us capitulate to china?
he recognized that ceausescu was doomed.
but the direction of history is clear.
indeed, the trend is continuing in the opposite direction.
fortunately, efforts are underway to address this.
how, then, should today’s chinese economy be characterized?
but they have spoken, may and the brexiteers insist.
why the hesitation?
here, the discussion is often couched in moral terms.
today, when america catches pneumonia, can asia only sneeze?
that makes it an equal and balanced transaction.
china’s government is production-oriented by nature.
and china has increasingly restricted human rights at home.
bribery and the sale of jobs make matters worse.
but america’s glee is shortsighted.
consider the ebola outbreak in west africa.
his reflections elicited nothing if not mixed reactions.
still, not all drivers support the strikes.
yet, such statements do contain grains of truth.
financial crises are almost comforting by comparison.
yet both countries’ water supplies remain highly polluted.
he is frank, forceful, warm, and engaging.
second, most board members lack sufficient relevant expertise.
but scaling up these programs will require government resources.
even karl marx, i think, would not have disagreed.
yet his reluctance is understandable.
but most do not have access to it.
who will decide venezuela’s election?
so far, the record is mixed.
it occupies iraq and afghanistan.
if not matched by resources, mandates are empty.
how many wake-up calls do we need?
but an electoral victory is just a first step.
in fact, they may have the opposite effect.
the chinese were less ideological.
no, silence is a bad idea.
consumers know if they have been ripped off.
uber is investing in flying car technology.
will there be enough global economic cooperation?
let us make the right choices.
but this is unlikely to happen.
yes, kalanick is out.
-0.9
she was wrong.
so do democratically elected politicians, of course.
there are two related dangers.
the long-dormant chinese consumer is about to be unleashed.
achieving this goal will be no small feat.
there are some exceptions to this pattern.
children like amina have suffered enough.
this should have eased fears about brazil's future.
but the degree of undervaluation is not the point.
the rallying cry was national competition, not international cooperation.
oil-rich countries tend to save a lot.
what is going on?
it would complete the fire sales within three years.
piecemeal deregulation is doomed to fail.
number nine is polio eradication.
the japanese intervention was immediately controversial.
the imf should not be in the ransom business.
the russians complained.
how can his successors know less than he did?
fourth, governments should promote public-sector innovation.
none of this will be easy.
singh stood hers ground and achieved victory.
this gives rise to a debt-relief laffer curve.
do democracies need values?
our proposal was greeted with deafening silence.
that leaves only monetary policy to support economic activity.
perhaps that was inevitable.
but now if you’re no.
2, there’s no point.
this strategy has considerable merit.
ireland is a case in point.
whereas us president john f.
they undermine users’ decision-making capacity.
currencies were almost completely unmoved by the stock-market commotion.
most of hers associates are in custody.
let us get to work – together.
such talks, to put it mildly, could take time.
should they have to pay unsustainably high interest rates?
this is relatively new.
from 1960 until 1991, us recoveries were typically rapid.
this might be disappointing for russia.
musharraf cannot permit the mullahs to become too strong.
there are two key divisive factors: income and age.
the alternative option can be observed in zimbabwe.
he pays extra for exceeding the weight allowance.
optimists see it differently.
ecb foreign-exchange intervention would fare well in this regard.
something more needs to happen.
voters overwhelmingly returned thaksin to office in february 2005.
but a successful currency union requires more than this.
yet the reagan administration was in denial.
these are steps in the right direction.
governments and insurers have become powerful players.
the ethiopian success story is just the start.
this is not surprising.
but after the upheaval of wwii, everything changed.
the model for charter 08 was czechoslovakia’s charter 77.
even in the poorest countries, there are alternatives.
monarchy can exist with people who are anti-monarchists.
my preferred solution would be accountability.
in these cases, women are often the victims.
structural change can be simultaneously beneficial and disruptive.
all of this tumult is mere prelude.
but serious bilateral problems remain.
but muddling through cannot continue forever.
that translates into 16 million lives saved.
instead, she died, having barely lived, in searing agony.
he was tired but feisty.
it encompasses law, economy, philosophy, and psychology.
the debate about solutions has only just begun.
but it is not enough.
down and out in the united states?
one idea is research into cleaner cooking stoves.
think of all those t-bone steaks.
but us president george w.
paris – forget principles and morality.
the inherent dullness of the imf makes that hard.
it seems like a vicious circle.
reform started later in ukraine for several reasons.
these allegations must therefore be taken seriously.
could the troika have done better?
i think not.
but the complicity of pakistan’s government is equally reprehensible.
moreover, any ecb purchases could continue to be sterilized.
and in this regard, nothing has changed.
"
amal clooney is a world-renowned human-rights lawyer.
this is not an either-or matter.
but this would happen only in the long run.
the trade deficit.
can china rescue europe?
providing money when it is needed is essential.
brexit was different.
do you want to be a cyborg?
global warming is real.
take the us.
not even argentina deserves the history peronism bequeathed.
conservative party membership has also become older.
why should governments behave differently?
in reality, however, the situation is more complex.
but that pattern, too, is clearly unsustainable.
rather, the people wanted to be heard.
so is zimbabwe's embattled robert mugabe.
let us assume that the real-estate bubble has burst.
can the euro zone survive economic recovery?
the elixir of education?
london – emerging markets are back in the spotlight.
local cooking school students.
but this is the new russian equation.
i have been a beneficiary of the new openness.
what political solutions are possible?
and then, suddenly, calm prevailed.
but this makes no sense.
with public support, progress could be much faster.
but netanyahu’s school of thought is radically different.
paris – air pollution takes years off people’s lives.
from central bank to central planning?
the signing ceremony is therefore a message of hope.
thinley had made two compelling points.
that approach would be a mistake.
national security concerns are not foolish.
but is eastern europe an exception?
bin laden wants these people to feel like sinners.
but there is scant evidence to support this view.
she is the woman in charge.
financial markets are flooded with liquidity.
if water shortages persist, migration is certain to follow.
nevertheless, we should remember the lessons of history.
in private, it has begun to do so.
otherwise, enlargement simply will not get past the voters.
is pensioner populism here to stay?
then you enter hitler's residence.
for better and for worse, russia still matters.
london – mais oui!
this clearly raises the stakes.
this can be achieved.
so what explains putin’s enduring popularity?
for a while they succeeded.
palestinians seem to recognize these benefits.
some important economies are still fighting deflation.
yet these changes will only occur gradually.
within a year, everything looked different, especially in germany.
that just strikes me as a protection racket.
how many temporary or permanent opt-outs can there be?
countries’ policy responses have ranged from modest to immense.
most europeans see in america a strong friend.
there are many political, socioeconomic and environmental factors.
are they really wrong?
she faces an uphill battle.
if the will is sufficient, that is.
britain’s national debt currently stands at 84% of gdp.
financial pressure on italy is now mounting.
nor are these problems limited to small businesses.
the results were inspiring.
understandably, chinese officials worry about bubble trouble.
she remembers everything and regrets nothing.
this is not acceptable.
insufficient spending was never an issue.
unfortunately, the coalition is currently divided over infrastructure spending.
and none can be resolved without comprehensive diplomatic strategies.
perhaps she did us a favor.
start with the islamists.
and the answer is far from clear.
public infrastructure is particularly important.
irony abounds here.
another quality he shared with socrates.
but that does not make them any less dangerous.
london – carmakers are afraid of apple.
it is time for that to change.
the us has an extra responsibility to help.
what is this theory anyway?
obama rejected hers predecessor george w.
they are wrong.
the disastrous failure of the left has many causes.
this is a huge diplomatic success.
will economic illiteracy trigger a trade war?
slowly but surely, the government is reclaiming rebel-held territory.
the consequences for the euro would be grave.
after all, the euro can now be bought cheap.
stopping financial bubbles is difficult.
it is time to act.
and it would be much more effective.
france joined the effort more recently, as has russia.
that led to an outcry.
these efforts have failed miserably.
army-led and militia-implemented mass murders soon followed.
other nations should follow suit.
the benefit will be vanishingly small.
but then america’s economic fortunes started to dip.
this is especially true for the middle east.
in 2016, multidrug-resistant tb killed 240,000 people.
the revolt against large pay packages won’t go away.
this challenge is not confined to africa.
scientists emphasize the difference between climate and weather.
recently the debate has shifted to carbon emissions.
but now the tide has turned.
by 2050, the economic shortfall will reach 3%.
the chances of resolving such disputes appear slim.
but why is that?
but that is for later.
a game changer for syria?
but more than money is needed.
mahatir’s rhetoric notwithstanding).
in india's punjab there was a plant producing bicycles.
the world should respond in three ways.
the eu is not a military alliance.
boyce has proposed.
in today’s world, the strong only respect the strong.
hers anti-multilateral instincts can be overstated.
yet these tools are relentlessly misrepresented to the public.
as a result, 154 of 300 seats were uncontested.
but should they?
trump’s victory also undermines europe’s security.
but there are ways to waste less.
she was hailed as a world-class reformer.
and there is more bad economic news.
“it is a kind of information laundering,” jonsson says.
so did martin luther king jr.
consider poland again.
they are an artifact of modern indifference.
tailspin or turbulence?
the james w.
there are a hundred top drug ladies in afghanistan.
yet the real storm is yet to come.
sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
kennedy was a hardened cold warrior.
children are fatter than their parents.
yes and no.
others just seemed confused.
ferguson, too, quickly apologized.
its internal governance processes are underdeveloped and lack transparency.
some states (iceland and hungary) are clearly bankrupt.
in egypt, matters are more complicated.
that is soft power.
but this view misses the point.
but such support has not always been economically efficient.
francophone africa has been paying for independence ever since.
on the other hand, french society has proved resilient.
but more is needed.
he particularly abhorred an emotional approach to foreign policy.
here are some harder facts.
meanwhile, emerging economies have continued to perform well.
but these powers are also readily abused.
this situation suggests a phased approach.
the aiib is a welcome initiative.
in fairness, this dark prognosis was not universally embraced.
should the public's appropriate reaction be guilt or shame?
many companies and households would go bankrupt.
all of these are self-organizing systems.
only a concert of democracies can block this strategy.
“why does this movie get held to different standards?
hypocrisy, of course, is not confined to the west.
the basic ingredient is opportunity.
indeed, it would.
international tensions have been rising since trump took office.
none of these claims stand up to scrutiny.
indeed, regional free-trade agreements are gaining momentum worldwide.
she never did.
thus, the political effect of intellectuals is rarely immediate.
we need a better answer this time.
in both cases, there are more questions than answers.
in spain, housing and employment collapses have hammered revenue.
the correct answer is 1%.
macron will also benefit from external factors.
spooked by glass-steagall’s ghost?
taste is not the answer.
it began so innocently.
globalization is another.
six cases mark the most egregious cheating.
would russia, saudi arabia, and others play trump’s game?
the end of sri lankan democracy?
even with peace, major problems were left unresolved.
transforming a system requires action in all three areas.
the war in gaza will harden this negative trend.
in short, forget about taxing either nexus or luke.
the only alternative, then, is europe.
the financial markets are taking abe’s strategy seriously.
both are frequent occurrences in indian political life.
more light needs to be shed on this problem.
the same is true throughout eastern europe.
africa is paying a particularly heavy price.
consider the case of tanzania.
when asia grows, the west does not become poorer.
but could most people have?
it’s more constructive to focus on what works.
it actually takes these concerns seriously.
but iraq’s greatest challenges lie ahead.
that may take some time.
what used to be professions have turned into businesses.
of course, technological choices entail more than economic criteria.
americans eventually elected a president, george w.
in afghanistan news travels quickly by word of mouth.
because they avoid over-simplification, foxes make fewer mistakes.
one path for the us is global cooperation.
he eventually got it.
what’s inside is a secret.
manila – imagine that you are a farmer.
normalization is not an option.
she remained skeptical about notions of irreversible progress.
nine of them are still in play today.
the president himself seems not very interested in economics.
and that is precisely what we did.
this is not entirely fair.
we must be ready.
bygones are bygones.
but they haven’t shown much resolve since.
the fifth source of optimism is slightly paradoxical.
i would suggest four critical steps.
corporate officers respond to incentives and opportunities.
the answer need not be all despair.
and many more men are clamoring to participate.
the other source emerges from the human-rights community.
the enlightenment, after all, was born in france.
johnson has chosen a government of like-minded anti-european nationalists.
so far, so good.
some government programs are shrinking from lack of demand.
but, of course, they do apply.
the evidence is clear.
so how should we square the policy circle?
today, china faces a similar decision.
a revived permissive society is not the answer.
the sdgs are noble and certainly ambitious.
calls for immediate debt restructuring went unheeded.
one can draw two possible conclusions from america’s election.
once that trust breaks, bad things happen.
orbán’s mafia state will be very hard to dismantle.
any service-intensive industry faces the same challenges.
pressure will grow for her to step aside.
adequate financing is critical.
personally, i rejoice in this.
current developments around the world are proving her right.
this has apparently consumed virtually all of their attention.
-3.7
this response is more than a little inappropriate.
and the protests are continuing.
this is not rocket science.
marked the transformation of the soldier into a statesman.
still, asia’s crisis poses challenges to china.
no country can defeat terrorism on its own.
he didn’t get it.
in such an environment, can public ethics be revived?
it is a created target.
this argument has a long history.
she has unequivocally endorsed the quartet’s road map.
that member could only be britain.
and here is where gandhi comes in.
john stewart mill vs.
its own safety depends on it.
such efforts should not be constrained by national borders.
i doubt if this time is any different.
is european integration animated by respect for another’s values?
gül will be an engaged president.
efforts like these may not make headlines.
by definition, this target would be country-specific.
the answer seems obvious.
this argument has no basis in fact.
but he is best known as its champion.
from the cultural point of view, we won.
however, this condition may not last.
any economics textbook would recommend exactly this outcome.
a new start is urgently needed.
a turkish bank saw a romanian subsidiary go bankrupt.
china, for its part, has proposed a two-prong approach.
independent voters – and many republicans – bolted.
similarly, eliminating glass-steagall was fundamentally sensible.
expanding the eu is no small task.
fortunately, progress is being made here, too.
young religious men are turning up at urban universities.
first, stakeholders must change how they evaluate progress.
sure, there are excuses – there always are.
this is “placebo politics” at its worst.
its entrenched political and economic networks are deeply corrupt.
conceivably, policymakers could raise taxes to offset such declines.
afghanistan’s problem is not primarily military.
the experience of filling these vehicles’ tanks is curious.
but this was not adopted.
but that’s not the whole story.
hosting large numbers of refugees is a challenge.
the coming year will be particularly important for europe.
a crisis in argentina could also have global consequences.
“in libya, we are muslims.
and venezuela’s president nicolás maduro remains in power.
what is to be done?
we experts should have to explain ourselves.
financial history can help to answer these questions.
the imf offers that venue.
but those days are over.
these changes happened recently – and fast.
he had no choice.
journalists and editors were, in effect, government officials.
lost limbs are a huge problem in india.
on the consumer side, this is quite understandable.
the new orientation is irrevocable.
economies had always recovered from downturns.
instead, she says, “the evidence does support dr.
just not yet.
more inter-governmental cooperation simply won’t do.
him treatment should have begun months before.
even the then popular leader had to shelve it.
iraq was george bush’s gift to osama bin laden.
everything about the so-called “iter reactor” is big.
inflation has certainly been very low.
are these errors large enough to be worrisome?
paternal mortality rates remain dismal in several countries.
lessons would be learned.
they are called schools.
of course, confrontation with america must be avoided.
so far, that calculation seems to have been correct.
michnik, like havel, radiated the joy of fearless truth.
the reason is simple.
can terrorists be soldiers or state agents?
egypt hovers on the brink.
credit default swaps (cds) are particularly suspicious instruments.
the predictable suspect is former colombian president álvaro uribe.
in retrospect, brown’s agenda-setting problem was easy.
inevitably, living standards have collapsed as well.
should europe be fracking?
“our sovereignty is nonnegotiable,” the government spokeswoman declared.
firms are ready to invest again.
instead, the eu emphasized the technical criteria of membership.
natural gas can.
japan has a full-blown case of "keynesian" disease.
within europe, there are three major challenges.
can macron pull it off?
the crime problem is even worse.
hers counterparts in europe and japan should follow suit.
but some practices can be modified for use elsewhere.
this will be infuriating and unfair.
these are europe’s roots.
by now, the pattern is all too familiar.
they still are.
is europe america’s friend or foe?
“my driver is an unemployed ph.d.
graduate,” she said to lucas.
the reasons for this are not well understood.
hustlers thrive, the weak watch passively.
today, 185 nations are signatories to the treaty.
nobody likes to be found wrong.
don’t take my word for it.
cambridge: without warning, turkey dove into financial crisis.
that will not be easy.
but it has interrupted the momentum toward military intervention.
we cannot sir this critical opportunity.
london – remember the g-2?
there is good reason for the spike in interest.
i just worry about the boredom factor.
some of the stockpiles are in fiercely contested areas.
they were german camps in occupied poland.
most gonorrhea infections are untreatable.
hers arguments sound reasonable.
does it simply have to be fact-based?
the law was never cheney’s strong point.
maybe we should try to alter this scenario.
it may come to that.
on the whole, liberty has triumphed.
trade and cultural exchanges flourished.
but, while certainly discomfiting, they are hardly irrelevant.
“commerce produces wealth, but agriculture ensures freedom.
business activity, including agricultural production, has been disrupted.
such successive downward forecast revisions have become commonplace.
and that is over the course of a century.
rudi was born and grew up in krefeld, germany.
but we aren’t willing to do that.
the situation in yemen is similarly grim.
no one, of course, wants to face empty shelves.
such training may lead to kinder behavior.
the task is to push sustainable growth much higher.
it is a quiet, painstaking slog behind the scenes.
but that need not be the case.
a viable future means security as well as bread.
then there is turkey.
he never did.
the current situation is not very encouraging.
here are the six components of a comprehensive plan.
this is true of the nations of europe.
the rest are shia.
fast or slow?
does alice want juan’s attention?
shifting geopolitical power also breeds uncertainty.
will the kerch blockade make putin great again?
in politics, there is no shame in compromise.
indeed, oil prices have been falling, not rising.
and medvedev is a key agent in its execution.
indeed, wholesale inflation now stands at more than 9%.
yet china’s debt keeps on rising.
kaczyński’s illiberalism is of the soul.
hers approach won her the presidency.
nicholas, who preached in the fourth century.
sustained lower prices may bring chickens home to roost.
what will interest rates be?
but that has not stopped these institutions from trying.
today's russia is no longer a two-tier society.
herein lies a real ideological problem.
for several reasons, it should buy us treasury securities.
this is a textbook market failure.
once in power, erbakan tempered hers tone and actions.
several well-known professors, both hindu and muslim, were murdered.
so uribe could not defend the new military agreement.
president george h.w.
such cooperation is not unprecedented in china.
within many states, “power” isn’t politically correct.
or emmanuel macron?
but the world is worrying again about argentina.
america’s second sputnik moment?
the younger the girl, the higher the price.
if anything, he understates the problem.
there is a single universally valid model.
and its positive impact on the climate is negligible.
the answer, i think, is no.
in 1977, there was no president donald trump.
so what are the europeans waiting for?
while president george w.
what happened in agriculture was even worse.
in this, kohls government was no different than schröders.
the moderate republican party of dwight d.
europe’s crisis comes at a difficult moment globally.
i felt, yes, in certain ways, free.
the answer is no.
a wall must be built against mexico.
“have no fear.
some are poorly secured.
the trend for household consumption is less clear.
the respected h.r.
unfortunately, no one paid much attention to his idea.
what happens next?
senegal is mounting its own anti-corruption campaign.
but how disturbing?
rather, it is a measured transition toward political pragmatism.
but the agreement has three major flaws.
but she wondered how much longer that would last.
the sec and other regulators could go even further.
the first step is to ramp up data-collection efforts.
this will require cautious but continuous policy action.
but the us refused to ratify the kyoto protocol.
are they right?
the reason is simple.
here were our children, taking to the streets.
so, why not reverse the order?
the strategy is simple and ruthless.
this would be a logical position.
reparations would help as well.
africa can feed itself.
policymakers must enforce criminal sanctions against these practices.
business itself wasn’t on the ballot.
for the 12 months ending in july, the st.
louis fed reports that bank reserves rose 31%.
many of my fellow cultural historians disagree.
such behavior by the fed is not new.
what happened to the seed?
in the agreement hammered out by mr.
deng and mrs.
yet control is not creation.
like most of us, they care about procedural fairness.
four police officers are on trial for hers killing.
that is what makes it so ominous for europe.
you can see their presence even in everyday life.
the evidence of such collusion is mounting.
one well-respected publication even called mr.
other films cast excess as nauseating.
the first is women’s participation in higher-quality jobs.
interest rates have been ultra-low for a long time.
but abe was not deterred.
is colombia becoming another vietnam?
but this need not happen.
who beats corruption?
the dispute was hushed up, but the resentment lingered.
nor will the left’s cultural agenda.
if so, where is the plan?
managed transitions produce more stable democracies.
thus, salvation is sought in the nation-state.
the enlightenment philosophers voltaire and kant did just that.
this makes spahn’s ambitious intervention especially noteworthy.
some were unable; others were unwilling.
there are three parts to this transition.
the logic is debatable.
this is the science of nutrigenomics.
dynamic intraregional networks are also driving progress.
trump is not a murderous tyrant.
the situation is more promising in asia.
they may have no idea how right they are.
the malleable mr.
of course, this cannot always be decisive.
one threat to our preparedness is our connectedness.
the world should not accept the status quo.
instead, it has a legal standard.
this is a critical fact to remember.
but success brings new challenges.
nor do existing international lending institutions.
on 16 october, 1962 president john f.
in fact, trump admits that.
does inequality kill?
corruption is deemed nearly non-existent in these countries.
corruption blights reform throughout the ex-communist world.
therein lies a profound contradiction.
but little headway has been made since.
to this end, three key steps are needed.
that might sound reasonable.
how will she mark it?
admittedly, the bar is low when making this comparison.
but it hardly matters.
but these efforts ultimately went nowhere.
this makes an increase in immigration unavoidable.
america needs another sputnik initiative.
a year of us-china discord?
clearly, these promises were not kept.
this threat must be faced.
europe twice endured unrestrained wars.
for most regions, weather changes will increase agricultural productivity.
walking away from unclos would also be wrongheaded.
and that is a good thing.
history offers little consolation.
one might quibble with this description.
but more must be done.
as michael d.
muammar el-qaddafi’s regime is starting to come to light.
but we already have a basis for discussion.
but the us has its own problems.
i thought she was right.
mccain has given no details of hers plans.
what is already known about hirohito is sketchy.
historians have started to project globalization backwards.
kouchner was consistent throughout hers career.
the mosque and its enemies
is inflation returning?
europe’s dutch turning point?
multiple problems affect employment.
what awaits her and the uk is more punishment.
i was also once the victim of diesel-fueled rage.
the economic consequences of mrs.
so what exactly is west?
the french are not morally shocked by such revelations.
for russia, august 1998 marked that dividing line.
but will the patriarch seize the moment?
they soon discovered that j.p.
president george w.
that war must be won.
so hers apparent pragmatism should come as no surprise.
is it 1956 for the left?
this may not seem like much of a concession.
but opportunity is just that.
here, south korea can propose an obvious solution.
but why stop at governors or presidential advisers?
in other dimensions, the record is mixed.
all of these steps reduced pollution markedly.
europe also was supposedly vying for global economic dominance.
other cases are less dramatic but no less important.
we rely heavily on incentives .
but recent history suggests vulnerability, not stability.
and it behooves scientists to understand why.
all in the name of god.
and there are stories about politics and bizarre conspiracies.
agreement on a plan won’t come easily.
the need for offsetting macro-prudential tools is clear.
fearing a weaker peso, spooked investors demand dollars.
this view appears reasonable at first.
youth unemployment is at 50%.
cypriot banks passed stress tests in july 2011.
putin’s position on global warming would be less ambivalent.
and the problem isn’t limited to australia.
given this, the two groups advocate very different policies.
and yet coal power is still going strong globally.
if they do not, unrest will become more likely.
polish catholicism has confounded skeptics and critics before.
we need to change the un’s culture.
the first dilemma concerns china.
he regularly took credit for stock-market gains.
she was beaten to death while in custody.
but customers are generally stuck with one-size-fits-all service.
this sequence of study was devised in 1893.
it was also blamed for causing hepatitis in humans.
that would be the most just outcome.
that may be about to change.
yet emissions are not just rising, but accelerating.
my northwestern university colleague robert j.
and there is another benefit in this regard.
it is psychological.
adverse trade developments are a negative supply shock.
liberal forces, however, pushed for a different solution.
both terms relate to the weather.
at this stage, china’s ascent cannot be prevented.
the real-estate boom appears to be cooling.
but his response to its aftermath was unexpectedly disappointing.
beauty is resistant to the hubbub of the absurd.
and the problem appears to be systemic.
this time, there were two sources.
the probable answer is: both.
the us representatives were perplexed; the europeans were shocked.
and why have lenders suddenly found these countries desirable?
last year’s general election brought regime change to japan.
but it soon became an international affair.
these countries may eventually decide to leave.
this is not impossible.
what about bill clinton?
globalization may also facilitate legal tax avoidance.
future pensions represent another form of debt.
had wiesel been deceived or co-opted?
the very survival of western civilization is at stake.
she is frank, forceful, warm, and engaging.
this strengthens purchasing power and ultimately private consumption.
of course, no one wants a new european war.
or does it?
having good international credentials is not always an advantage.
to take drugs will usually be self-defeating.
nevertheless, this social inertia is doomed to shatter.
we must all become freedom fighters.
the ecb was more cautious.
he laid the groundwork for the world wide web.
democracy had prevailed.
the fourth factor is, of course, german business interests.
it is simply a question of priorities.
the paris terrorists pointed to france’s operations in syria.
but isis’s battlespace is digital as much as physical.
minimum wages could be raised to reduce inequality.
the question is how.
two usual explanations exist for japan’s poor economic performance.
greenspan mounts a similar defense concerning the housing bubble.
in fact, there are major downsides to helicopter money.
exuberant financial markets could hardly ask for more.
other international linkages are also receiving greater attention.
europeanization stimulates nationalisms.
provincial finances will finally have to be cleaned up.
fifth, strengthen and build african centers of excellence .
but many campaigners have claimed other effects.
second, countries should support iraq’s government, despite its shortcomings.
the threat today is not inflation, but unemployment.
but north korea has held fast to its isolation.
google’s design was based on statistical algorithms.
that’s a lot more than 150.
there is no market discipline.
countries could practice generosity on the never never.
saudi arabia fits this description to a tee.
but we have reached a critical impasse.
time and again, they simply demanded capitulation.
the european house creaked mightily.
europe’s choice is not between austerity and economic growth.
girls marry and begin to have children very young.
berlin -- nato needs a new strategy.
russia has no such inhibitions.
she had written that those killed deserved their fate.
why pakistan, and why now?
a third narrative is based on competing economic theories.
hfo is also a significant source of air pollution.
or will she be too ill to participate?
fortunately, a better narrative is possible.
mixed results followed.
yet they cannot and should not do it alone.
in kampala, dr.
why look for an explanation otherwise?
many injustices, of course, are both economic and identitarian.
that is a start.
but what can our heroine do at this hour?
to an extent, these criticisms are justified.
child mortality and extreme poverty have been halved.
symbolic political acts resemble theatre.
tillerson may be trying to do just that.
bush’s decision to take the united states to war.
moreover, errors are even harder to correct.
then there is the energy issue.
if they work together, drift need not happen.
but change needs to start at home.
this reinforces her need to maintain distance from musharraf.
president george w.
but others will undoubtedly arise.
it is that simple.
they are not mere vehicles for financial speculation.
educational materials often don’t help, either.
america’s consensus-oriented president needs to make that case.
is democracy possible in the arab world?
are we utopian?
the result is that export support is often wasted.
or consider possible outcomes to this terrible tale.
yet it needs to do more.
none of this would be good for us allies.
understanding thought implies understanding the entire cognitive spectrum.
protectionism threatens open markets and gdp growth.
technology can help.
that is a tragedy.
delay has made current-account rebalancing via rmb appreciation costly.
in any case, a price increase is inevitable.
institutions are failing to adapt quickly enough.
at the top, they rated early childhood development programs.
financial-sector returns are likely to be lower.
economic outcomes often have their origins in politics.
no one knows, because they cannot express their wishes.
this was the case in both singapore and helsinki.
some albanians claim that these allegations are serbian propaganda.
this does not mean the end of the nation-state.
the obvious question is why.
third, the esdp is open to international cooperation.
and a large public consortium of labs.
even saudi arabia, representing other arab countries, grudgingly approved.
moreover, the benefits of the growth have been shared.
they feed off one another.
naturally, no one questions america’s right to defend itself.
so all hope is not lost in pakistan.
water consumption also must be addressed.
no one would or could say why.
in today’s interconnected world, migration is inevitable.
and we must stand against protectionism.
sunlight is not alone.
the country, too, may prove equally surprising and resilient.
empty words from st.
it is fantastic that this has happened.
there is no evidence to support these outlandish claims.
is it really as anonymous as its proponents claim?
take the european union.
these are all losses for america.
revolutionary movements invariably split into factions.
that is no longer the case.
demographic developments alone require major reforms of social policy.
third, we must counter the ideology of the terrorists.
the country’s competitiveness problems are also well known.
asean will continue to address this issue strategically.
de-globalization now seems to be a given.
yet few reflect and apologize.
soros: the ecb is a functioning institution.
norway is divesting its sovereign wealth fund from coal.
witness catholicism's pro-democratic transformation.
european unity is indivisible.
but the narratives don’t focus on that.
the benefits, however, are significant.
but people did not want to hear it.
the war exposed flaws in hamas’ judgment.
power actually led refah to compromise, not to extremes.
many analysts seem to think so.
and yet the chinese trade-off has been phenomenally beneficial.
the lima deal is weak in many respects.
historically, french diplomacy excels at grand bargains.
nuclear deterrence ensures global peace.
who is responsible when such crimes happen?
six hundred have been imprisoned.
his transactional approach could prove the key.
can a more balanced globalization be achieved?
indian voters must make two decisions.
the reason is not hard to fathom.
shaking up “shaken baby syndrome”
on the contrary.
so what is holding up the gst’s implementation?
labor migration in europe is, historically, far less extensive.
tax fraud is a criminal offense in switzerland.
can navalny save russia?
all three worries are overblown, at best.
the imf has not been immune to this treatment.
populists deny this.
more and more industries appreciate this.
now it is roughly 0.25% of gnp.
but that conversation is unavoidable.
still, aid is critical.
the level of political corruption in america is staggering.
and those adjustments are many.
not surprisingly, they failed.
others were bound to play catch-up.
as the twentieth-century economic historian charles p.
the military was set to reassert full legislative powers.
xi, however, has replaced collective decision-making with centralized leadership.
one victim is substituted for another.
in it, he said: “mr.
first, they must put a price on co2 emissions.
start with the simple keynesian model.
the design of political institutions is an ever-evolving challenge.
can the world bank redeem itself?
the national capital alternated between tripoli and benghazi.
lack of transparency will not get it out.
this windfall allowed higher government spending and less austerity.
this should give us hope about the future.
where this stops, nobody knows.
for any foreign policy needs clear goals.
but there is nothing new about that.
qatar over-estimates its own strength.
bush’s presidency unscathed.
income tax relief due in 2003 has been postponed.
two wrongs do not make a right.
will the imf stand up to europe?
everyone is tolstoy!
so it would seem that the second pianist wins.
but such re-skilling is not the right prescription.
this is not always benign.
many more examples of partial fungibility could be imagined.
but it was never intended to do that.
let me tie all of this together.
he is correct, up to a point.
and a city’s ethos shapes more than its leaders.
obama is only slightly better.
is that too much transparency?
but, in other areas, strategic thinking has fallen short.
that is what the ref has done.
that, in turn, has put in jeopardy other reforms.
but zoellick is not without hers weaknesses.
this is, to be sure, easier said than done.
but chen’s legacy was already in tatters.
the answer is yes.
this is hardly an isolated case.
such an image may be less valid in azerbaijan.
is the european union imploding?
so we must distinguish between long-term and immediate action.
why the rush to give kosovo independence?
navigating this narrative can be tricky for external actors.
any reversal of this trend seems too early.
prem is a divisive figure.
“bouncing” britain in is simply impossible.
a framework, however, is nothing more than an outline.
for overall growth to continue, productivity must improve.
this poses a fundamental dilemma for policymakers.
the end of pasta?
in 1994 the last russian soldier left german soil.
this is strengthening its currency.
but neither corporations nor governments can do it alone.
what is going on?
in nigeria, such violence is particularly widespread.
fake news can reach multiple jurisdictions at once.
conspiracy theories are seen as vulgar and lowbrow.
but bucking gender roles works both ways.
the economy does not run on hydrocarbons.
leaving the european union is painful by design.
but we have an opportunity to act.
without mutual trust, economic activity is severely constrained.
the absurdity need not end there.
he explained to clark: “the serbs are our neighbors.
it is not ordinarily a matter of referendum.
children should be in school.
even super-macron could not pull it off.
european politics is more fluid.
the grouping was soon formalized, with annual summits planned.
unfortunately, nothing could be further from the truth.
governments will, no doubt, seek to quash them.
these shortcomings raise broader concerns.
amid rising allegations of abuse, president george w.
things do not seem set to change anytime soon.
putnam’s evocatively titled book bowling alone.
roadmap 2050 focuses on greening the power system.
but there is a more fundamental issue at play.
they have not used violence, or broken any laws.
positive visions for rebuilding ties.
it may also require some training.
however, they do not reach all places.
but doing so is not impossible.
if not, they both get nothing.
but there seems to be something deeper to may.
dead cow walking?
the transformation in investors’ beliefs is striking.
but even on that issue, the gop has changed.
but it will also demand the participation of business.
this meeting – despite some misgivings – is crucial.
consider the challenge faced by japan since 2008.
the proposal would be dismissed as economic lunacy.
he is, and always will be, him father’s daughter.
clearly, the country’s economic problems are chronic and long-term.
the collapse of ltcm in 1998 was completely unexpected.
today there are no excuses.
the views expressed here are hers alone.
so corruption has grown.
third, huawei is a big deal for china.
lèse majesté is a grave crime in thailand.
secession movements can, no doubt, cause great instability.
but, with few exceptions, they do not include mfis.
iraq differs from vietnam in another way as well.
one hopes that thailand will get there much faster.
there are two paths to 2030.
responsible sourcing is a duty, not a choice.
unfortunately, there is precedent for precisely this outcome.
that is, ppp calculations effectively compare apples with oranges.
so far, there has been no accountability.
first, china has not made a full about-face.
this was insidious.
but this will be an interesting test.
hold that thought.
second, and equally important, the extremist vote is weakening.
for example, j.j.
allaire founded the weight-loss lose it!
most experienced negative growth.
the gulf used to provide a regional safety valve.
peace with pakistan?
this new perception could be further reinforced at mar-a-lago.
beyond syria, trump would prefer to think big.
that is bigger than the united kingdom’s entire economy.
voters often sense cheap populism.
nevertheless, there are real problems that must be addressed.
but too many children are still suffering needlessly.
of these, hans-werner sinn's ist deutschland noch zu retten?
let us remember what structural unemployment looks like.
a case-by-case approach is therefore necessary.
the economic implications of these findings are profound.
moreover, they often result in different policy prescriptions.
they have witnessed unspeakable violence.
but is this really a bad thing?
the bailout packages are, in this light, impressive achievements.
is a trump doctrine taking shape?
now is the ideal time to initiate this process.
its members aim to make that impossible.
but it was also a time of change.
perhaps both men understand this.
and china is not alone.
to stop the protests now is virtually impossible.
policing is the second part of any effective strategy.
so what did those analyses get wrong?
this would have enormous consequences.
the new european commission has been named.
but keynes was no fool.
not that barientos would swap places with his father.
nonetheless, several factors could derail de-escalation.
of course, not all infrastructure projects offer commercial opportunities.
she is faith and beauty made manifest.
what does this have to do with sweden?
libya is in no condition to run general elections.
eighty years later, does keynes’s theory still hold up?
the aberdare trust deed became effective last october.
we need something similar for the internet.
heinlein chose a muslim linguist, “dr.
by endogenizing politicians’ behavior, political economy disempowers policy analysts.
macron must understand all of this.
but they will also affect the human mind.
can emerging markets save the world economy?
the entire world is counting on it.
child mortality is plunging.
dhaka – myanmar is in crisis.
when that happens, the long-run future will be now.
but he was seen as politically tone-deaf otherwise.
their disapproval was palpable.
it is also larger than the entire eurozone.
so the economy is the big story.
to some extent, he may be right.
the first to opt out was hamas.
the second factor is income inequality.
is the euro ending or beginning?
tshisekedi has a long road ahead of him.
first, and foremost, the plan would reform land policies.
for hong kong, the only good system is democracy.
we may yet get one.
such cases are exceedingly rare.
and he did have a point.
the spectrum of possibilities is broad.
in july, 97% of the sheet’s surface was affected.
indonesia has moved away from gasoline subsidies.
companies in the industrial world are taking note.
“our defeat is total,” he told them.
job gains remain robust, and wages are ticking up.
according to dr.
cooperation with nato also looks strategically wise.
the current american mood of unworldliness will not last.
to be successful, however, there must be burden sharing.
in many respects, these reforms paid off.
this is what happened in iraq, for example.
the british government, however, refused to talk.
will the coming months bring genuine change to algeria?
in that case, the us would have three options.
that war is well and truly lost.
tokyo – the kremlin is on a roll.
algeria’s influence across africa would also receive a boost.
a referendum on independence would shatter that system.
the gospel of st.
as a result, it is frequently wasted.
the war changed that equation.
three tasks must now be addressed.
enter oz, who holds a doctorate in physics.
other similarities to soviet times are also emerging.
traditional center-right parties have been pro-europe.
the lemmings of qe
others can help.
however, scrutiny reveals these well-intentioned policies to be misguided.
it is an ambitious, if not entirely fanciful, goal.
but financing change requires changing finance.
the fiscal compact alone cannot provide that reason.
the debate has already begun.
europe’s languages and cultures have a long history.
here is the reason why aid is needed.
this month, they succeeded, at least for now.
reverse arbitrage meant capital outflows from the chinese mainland.
against such reactions, enlightened views must be reasserted strongly.
it did her no harm at the ballot box.
there is no panacea for terrorism.
he planted a tree.
yes and no.
his is an abnormal candidacy.
turkey might have reached a similar turning point.
big cities do yield aggregate economic benefits.
putin: tsar or doge?
this conclusion seems to be borne out by history.
the public reaction was overwhelming.
us president george h.w.
it turns out that not all targets are equal.
this, in turn, would strengthen the russia-iran alliance.
reagan brought the us hostages back from iran.
there is no room for an equities market.
“find me another 100 votes in congress,” he said.
all countries, including israel, accepted this resolution.
arrow in his 1950 columbia university phd dissertation.
but the true question lies elsewhere.
iran has also left trump looking weak.
a round of "shock therapy" à la mr.
the conflict of interest is glaring.
the attitude toward china has also changed dramatically.
you have no refrigerator, cooking stove, or air conditioning.
unfortunately, the existing arms-control and disarmament regimes are crumbling.
in the harbor the statue of liberty!
it all began with the french revolution.
the first is traditional disapproval of debt.
of the two views, harrison’s was the more sophisticated.
indeed, more than religion divides the population.
so what went wrong?
words proved revolutionary.
sadly, north korea has not received such far-sighted statesmanship.
there is no silver bullet to democratization.
in business, too, networks are becoming more important.
china is clearly the target.
truth commissions are increasingly seen as the way forward.
fourth, reform of us housing finance remains unfinished business.
he wants no more wars.
more than 70 countries experienced a decline in freedom.
the harvard psychologist david c.
globalism-as-solution is easily transformed into globalism-as-scapegoat.
but freer political regimes are not a panacea.
this has left the saudis feeling abandoned and vulnerable.
is america doomed to the same fate?
the benefits from these reforms are two-fold.
china’s objectives are ambitious, to say the least.
trump is certainly sowing chaos across the west.
katz published the race between education and technology.
its towering merit is that it will work.
european politics with an islamic face?
kaczyński faced similar expectations.
feelings of lost control are.
the trappings of entrepreneurial culture are everywhere.
still, some countries do choose this option.
so what is left of the inflation anchor?
bush’s presidency, following the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
and change is indeed occurring.
but banks want to short-circuit these procedural safeguards.
it should have been obvious all along.
when the rains fail there, wars begin.
but the importance of human rights cannot be overestimated.
that finding reinforced efforts to devise alternative indexes.
the eu is not a democratic state.
the moderates are understandably wary.
so, no surprise, many of us left.
yet those messages are often more spin than substance.
but it is.
but now there are no hopes for freedom.
and it undoubtedly carries significant risks.
it could issue its own sdr-denominated bonds.
who can say?
and so on.
what europe desperately needs are positive political alternatives.
renewable energy will have a major role to play.
a second set of problems confronts the eu externally.
this is clear evidence of a healthy economic rebalancing.
in japan, the phillips curve tends to be l-shaped.
let’s hope that they do.
easier money is not one of them.
beyond this, there are important longer-term considerations.
the choice today is clear.
china is not tunisia or egypt, of course.
governments will have to design smarter financial incentives.
there are several factors behind this phenomenon.
“people with assets have gotten richer,” said may.
but china has not been mollified.
paris – europe is facing an historic moment.
instructors from abroad cannot enter gaza.
three things should be clear from this history.
after all, energy is a global commodity.
moreover, von der leyen is undeniably pro-european and atlanticist.
two economic surprises prolonged the good times in 2005.
europe is dangerously close to its financial sarajevo.
what lessons can we take from that earlier event?
still, that task is ambitious, not impossible.
but could it actually work?
china is an easy political target.
hispaniola is home to two nations.
liberia was africa’s basket case.
looking ahead, one can envision two broad scenarios.
it is this ambiguity that worries many mps.
this is an important opportunity for reform and renewal.
i believe that it is higher than 50%.
at any rate, trump’s point is nonsensical.
falling business confidence may also be a factor.
globalization is the finger.”
brexit or breakup?
however, there is at least as much old-age poverty.
where will the next saints come from?
but you would be wrong.
it just needs a place to plug in.
inflation fixations are not easy to break.
in the beginning, i supported google’s presence in china.
why can’t we start right now?
the european union has suspended $70 million in aid.
these two measures will not satisfy the populists.
the simple answer is yes.
but successes have been far and few between.
okonjo-iweala brings an insider’s knowledge of the institution.
that’s a promising start.
yes, these are challenging times.
severe crises leave an imprint on a nation’s psyche.
but this difference reflects what each society holds sacred.
but this does not follow.
trump’s cynical and cruel calculus is, however, understandable.
in the meantime, china’s financial challenge is intensifying.
worse, the economy might have suffered further.
an astounding 60% said that they do not.
conflict is increasing as communities compete for scarce resources.
are us multinationals abandoning america?
european parliamentarians should follow the same path.
has putin’s popularity bubble burst?
i’ve learned my lesson about musharraf.
consider the production of traditional, gasoline-powered cars.
such pacts are spreading like wildfire across asia.
medals attract money; failure results in cuts.
but there are two basic caveats.
unfortunately, however, this is unlikely.
some have been murdered; others have been imprisoned.
the italian and spanish authorities acknowledge as much.
what are those ends?
for front-runners in transition new challenges have emerged.
it will be a close call.
the suggestion sounds old-fashioned.
may has now belatedly admitted that this is impossible.
that promise is now in doubt.
maybe it works, maybe not.
so far, however, china has shown considerable restraint.
suddenly, the entire debt-financed system was broken.
into this vacuum has stepped president bush.
the solution has three components.
more important, it was less believable than ever.
now i’m agnostic.
opponents are eliminated.
is the european dream over?
for one thing, they were internationalists.
europe is on the brink of recession.
singh stood his ground and achieved victory.
we must change course.
this narrative is simple and increasingly popular.
what news is moving the markets?
this is good news.
and it needs to act fast.
none of this makes economic sense.
musharraf, who president george w.
economic welfare is not the same as social wellbeing.
and that is who she now must become.
here were our children, finally, victorious.
it won the city of parma.
what’s more, none of the pedaling is actually co2-neutral.
leaders either lead, or they don’t.
almost 90 years ago, us president franklin d.
iraq was a difficult target for intelligence collection.
the security council is practically invisible.
cristina kirchner, however, is no small woman.
but no such mechanism exists at the international level.
but it didn’t happen.
what, then, should europeans do?
she should get it.
and other better-off countries could join them.
what, in concrete terms, would such an approach mean?
are indian democracy’s weaknesses inherent?
protectionism today is no different.
can trump turn hers presidency around?
why shouldn't sweden be part of that success story?
so legitimacy is more than legality.
belarus seems beyond redemption, but appearances are deceptive.
the volcker rule?
but that is not going to happen.
what international community?
but government dishonesty is not that different.
however, they are often exaggerated and certainly not insurmountable.
why, then, are most businesses doing just the opposite?
in the putin era, no one has done so.
the two diplomats were conversing in russian.
still, treatment options could be expanded further.
i believe this confidence is misplaced.
this shift is not without its risks.
who will broker a middle east peace?
construction is booming, and foreign investment is surging.
elections equal democracy.
many are malnourished or hungry.
paris – markets can fail.
the contrast with other regions’ economic leaders is telling.
yet the subsidies have continued to grow.
· encouragement of innovation and creativity.
other industries are beginning to follow suit.
can regional integration save africa?
as with economics, demand stimulates supply.
his decision not to run disappointed many of them.
that was different after germany's blitzkrieg against poland.
cyberspace is, after all, where the eyeballs are.
that has not happened.
yes, china’s rapid growth poses challenges to the west.
that seems to be happening.
cameron had no choice.
indeed, it is now visiting syria.
but it has also been poorly thought out.
yet, despite tusk’s advantages, he faces significant hurdles.
so far, there have been few open scandals.
the political winds in europe are not blowing left.
europe therefore needs a revamp.
the uk’s industrial prowess originated with the textile industry.
why is merkel acting this way?
dr-cafta does neither.
it is a project.
russia’s stock exchange is collapsing.
the world will be watching to hear obama’s answer.
he was right to do so.
the evidence contradicts them.
in fact, the two belong together.
almost 20% of us highways are in disrepair.
there would also be political problems.
schools teach children how to interpret this information.
japan's "peace constitution" supposedly bans possession of military forces.
green buildings increasingly show higher capital values.
employees must work harder for equal or lower pay.
macron’s labor gambit
this poses real challenges for regulators.
life expectancy is 14 years below the global average.
the list seems endless.
who should be bailed out?
unfortunately, those warnings were ignored.
russia, like the arab world, wants modernity.
of course intentions and results are two different matters.
in effect, one buys the index of the market.
we must do much better.
to make matters worse, income inequality has widened.
cambridge – george soros is a great man.
the “trial” itself lasted less than an hour.
the partnership is path-breaking in several ways.
these are all products of a deliberate policy.
expediency and quick profit trump diversity and stability.
“austerity” was not nearly as harmful as they predicted.
who will control and utilize them?
they were not politicians.
access is good; excess is bad.
these reforms will eventually come.
but it was never entirely free of self-interest.
lebanon and iraq are fragmented.
ordinary law and order has virtually disappeared.
disarmament must be visible to the public.
the answer is straightforward: no.
instead, everything blew up.
nor will any other great power.
there is a long road ahead.
fundamental questions have not been adequately addressed.
far from it.
secure states tend to forget about treason.
the atmosphere was certainly favorable.
vienna – humans are partial to bad news.
this complicates the fbi’s argument about public safety.
cool heads must prevail.
hamas’s promise to the palestinians, however, is a delusion.
rampant corruption has discredited regional governors as a counterweight.
the us is not the only guilty party.
after all, he was out late with him boyfriend.
besides, where is the alleged crisis and stalemate?
but this is no longer a us story.
petersburg government of the early 1990s.
what more, if anything, can be done?
punishingly tight sanctions alone will not change his mind.
kosovo: appeasement revisited?
these cheaper imports ease inflationary pressure.
this would serve as a sort of automatic stabilizer.
but the effort needs to start now.
that is not democracy.
the caption reads: will they kill him again?
otherwise, they would be stifling debate.
europe cannot afford to procrastinate and pretend.
when disaster strikes, we act.
and they are the lucky ones.
but it happens whether we like it or not.
should immigrants embrace the offer?
good advice for china's leadership today.
don’t obsess over accusations of fear-mongering.
where do passionate speeches end and demagogy begin?
still, three immediate challenges come to mind.
the old proletariat and the old bourgeoisie are gone.
this added attention is most welcome.
one is tempted to say no.
israeli officials tacitly acknowledge the risk.
some teachers’ unions have refused to perform the task.
yet it isn’t a revolution.
clearly, more governments need to follow the uk’s example.
moreover, the greek government’s interest payments are exceptionally low.
unfortunately, hardly anyone is posing these questions.
the dream of a “singapore-on-thames” is unlikely to materialize.
economics provides a strong rationale for this argument.
but that may be changing.
consider the coverage of the greek debt crisis.
but two hours per day is not enough.
china’s national people’s congress enacted a new food-safety law.
as specialists say, they would be generationally neutral.
more consumption will mean less investment.
for russia has legitimate and undeniable interests at stake.
their weapons are terror and chaos.
already, le pen appears to be reverting to form.
that will be impossible with such disparate members.
and if she attacks owsiak, she will lose.
this was good for the jews of shanghai.
all have uncompetitive economies burdened with high unemployment.
but applications of nuclear science extend far beyond agriculture.
but safety is improving.
indeed, in moscow and st.
and so it has.
there may have been a more important consequence.
why repeat that catastrophe?
media fascination whipped up speculation and interest.
second, chinese growth will fall under either scenario.
this is a common mistake.
the case for a soft landing remains solid.
without the industrialization drive, economic takeoff becomes quite difficult.
many reacted with rage and violence.
this approval cannot be taken for granted.
they congratulated themselves on their stiff upper lips.
still, i have my doubts about the future.
commodity exchanges are enabling farmers to access real-time prices.
we end deforestation and the destruction of arable land.
this doesn’t have to be the case.
he saved because he wanted enough money to retire.
this rule undermines meaningful negotiations.
clearly, a new approach is needed.
scientists elsewhere must forge ahead without america.
size is not necessarily an asset.
there were many casualties, but the citizens prevailed.
maybe the credit-ratings agencies have the answer.
what we do best.
yet much needs fixing.
today, geneticists have joined the prediction business.
efforts presenting democratic alternatives have been systematically repressed.
president george w.
and yet turkey’s strategic importance to europe remains.
woman or monster?
but we should be careful what we wish for.
we are not talking about unachievable financial goals.
finally, finance will be critical.
he was speaking from experience, both personal and political.
but fear not, claim advocates of unconventional monetary policy.
such unions act as monopolies that offer complementary goods.
the question, however, was virtually ignored.
the question is, weakness against what?
yet iraqis continue to hope for a better future.
what can be done?
the result was disastrous.
uruguay's downfall began after world war ii.
and highways, bridges, hospitals, and schools are falling apart.
innovations in health-care treatment also qualify.
and she launched hers far-reaching anti-corruption campaign.
so what is going on?
the short-term interest rates it controlled didn't budge.
it doesn’t have to be this way.
caution and patience might not be his best advisors.
perhaps she meant this sincerely.
what the authors do not find is also interesting.
in latin america, the situation is more varied.
sometimes equally good things clash.
the moderate republican party of dwight d.
iran is a land of contrasts.
these countries are at a crossroads.
this peace process is groundbreaking in several ways.
those violations are legion.
– the economy rebounds quickly.
her primary demand was that musharraf surrender his uniform.
offensive missions were forbidden by the constitution.
and what can be done to sustain it?
we don’t know.
consider the telecommunications industry in developing countries more generally.
but bond markets and emerging economies remain deeply affected.
and some will move on to the national stage.
indeed, many risks of a downward market correction remain.
that would be progress indeed.
these are not problems that can await resolution.
now all bets are off.
that is easier said than done.
that risk is substantial.
don’t oversell what the public can do.
macron assiduously cultivated french media interests.
why such a mild, temporary shock?
the weeks ahead will be decisive.
actually, i sent it twice.
in part, this is a classic insider-outsider tale.
this misses the point.
the consequences are devastating.
yet “assimilation” is not what succeeds.
achieving this will not come without suffering.
we now know that they are not.
more train wrecks are in the making.
indeed, the eu is in essence a negotiating system.
no one was prepared for defeat.
the commission will share its recommendations with governments.
western fortunes are rising, slowly but surely.
"pioneros por el comunismo, seremos como el che!
and the concern is reciprocated on the indian side.
in sum, an agenda thought dead has come back.
but something deeper is at work.
more problematic is assuring domestic stability.
that trend now appears to be waning.
petersburg, headed by security council secretary sergei ivanov.
but china’s economy remains prone to considerable risks.
such rates are similarly low today in many countries.
more important, limits were placed on the swaps.
the risks are high.
if only more of that scenario were true.
i do not believe all hers supporters are racists.
we need to mobilize to defeat extremism.
now consider their economic performance.
this loss of control matters, for two main reasons.
imf assistance is, of course, no universal panacea.
the us benefits from china’s approach.
it is also economically counterproductive.
the average quality of borrowers has declined.
chinese enterprises are already taking these investment cues seriously.
ultimately, this is what she will be judged by.
will hers strategy pay off?
infrastructure is another obvious place to expand private-sector involvement.
thus, in hers view, hitler was not a leader.
but supply is not completely inelastic.
do you want to run your own business?
the faceless mass was just that: faceless and powerless.
such activities have apparently not fazed trump.
and german-british relations are also improving.
libya is neither afghanistan nor iraq.
but this does not translate into recovery in europe.
and how i regret it.
this is nonsense.
more worrying are the similarities in potential outcomes.
will the euro dethrone the dollar?
a political response is therefore needed.
yet the overriding theme remained corruption.
unregistered children are born, live, and die in anonymity.
some are self-serving.
the lesson is clear.
this era holds important lessons for the present.
the world bank, however, said little.
iraq’s voters have spoken.
fortunately, such leaders are not mythical creatures.
bush, at home and abroad.
the ecb will be scapegoated for that.
that was not the only thing marx got wrong.
consider the social-media buzz within minutes of the bombing.
how many more people must lose their lives?
general dwight d.
since then, conditions have deteriorated dramatically.
sarkozy, too, has fallen prey to this trend.
without the first, the economy will continue to sputter.
the views expressed here are the author's own.
obviously, this raises a number of pertinent questions.
given its failings, why is ethnic profiling so widespread?
this is a welcome development.
in my view, that was a mistake.
there appears to be no single answer.
that is where casalud comes in.
without doubt, president george w.
in fact, the reality could hardly be more different.
most notable was a word: freiheit.
most egregiously, nato has violated the united nations charter.
but the new regime is not without defects.
the latter takes a careful weighing of everyone’s interests.
“what we are doing, however, is not sufficient.
iran is following that pattern.
but the concept of open society is not empty.
some of these funds are huge.
none of this excites euphoria here.
is it to make investments?
the european experience offers valuable lessons in this regard.
why is kosovo being treated differently?
not all madrassas are hotbeds of terrorist training.
this would be a wise choice.
this is the unfinished business of the mdgs.
the social tensions would be enormous.
but a moving picture would be considerably less reassuring.
attention, not information, becomes the scarce resource.
that is why we must defend it.
this had two big defects.
this is no mere linguistic exercise.
the idea is quite simple.
of course, the two are not necessarily directly related.
this bodes well for the tunisian economy’s long-term prospects.
but she is unlikely to be chastened.
but china’s adjustment faces a dilemma.
cultural barriers are the real stumbling block.
they just want peace.
the strong euro has made matters worse.
these precedents can be extended.
maybe it still is.
stupendous growth hides deep pockets of poverty.
but, she adds, national income per head is flat.
the us has much experience with irresponsible tax cuts.
but they should press forward anyway.
nevertheless, internal policies will be of grave importance.
nanny had no idea about limits and fairness.
of course, there are republicans who acknowledge the facts.
-3.8
such a test might prove highly useful.
north korea is flexing its nuclear muscles.
this article is based on work with dr.
prachi mishra at the reserve bank of india.
but, despite good intentions, little has changed.
if only it were that simple.
it now promises to make those tax cuts permanent.
but its behavior throughout the crisis suggests otherwise.
thatcher, like trump, was no philosopher.
asia can build a harmonious, rules-based water management system.
but more wealth alone will not cure france’s ills.
yet real signs of crisis are emerging.
the soviet system was particularly inept at handling information.
pakistan attacked, and india responded.
the current expansion has continued, uninterrupted, ever since.
today is no different.
what happens next is unclear.
definitions of the post-war baby boom vary by country.
why is discontent, xenophobia, and precariousness seemingly triumphant?
but a more benign enticement must urgently be found.
a water war in asia?
democracy will always have imperfections.
of course, pcs became much more useful than that.
it will, above all, take syrian priorities into consideration.
so the russia that george w.
the game has only just begun.
monetary union required political union.
i coulda been a contender.
good times at last?
source: oecd economic outlook 76 database.
“stay out of it!
global warming and economic crisis are threatening international security.
reality is more complex.
we could make even more progress with public-sector support.
blueprints will not be easy.
but what about next time?
today, poland’s jewish population numbers only a few thousand.
he has identified a serious risk to our society.
hers was the aristocracy of the spirit.
hegemony, however, should not be confused with omnipotence.
this pattern is not confined to northeast asia.
no intervention by government is needed.
the beagle had 22.
it threatens to bomb iran.
for starters, the region’s governments can promote farm cooperatives.
but policies, procedures, and institutions are what matter.
americans also need a higher federal minimum wage.
it is both different and familiar.
and groupon is good at it.
this will make the world a safer place financially.
this is invented history.
can a leader lose his or her charisma?
to prevent the latter, we must resist the former.
a new sino-american relationship?
dilma does not.
bottom-rung retail and service-industry jobs offer none of that.
such a tax would increase global efficiency.
but they did not “engineer” a recovery.
but they are almost certainly counter-productive.
he is clever, decent, and strong.
american exports are about to decline.
“america-bashing is popular and easy,” he surmised.
and michael j.
improving on them does not foretell more economic dynamism.
worse, the whole economy suffers from chronic sclerosis.
should the good times start rolling again so soon?
there are limits to what outsiders can do.
third, floating exchange rates are flawed shock absorbers.
this is now happening in china.
in addition, both sources of financing are also uncertain.
but proposals must give way to action.
their cause could no longer be ignored.
first, do not misinterpret the 2016 election.
after neoliberalism, what?
this is why the far left is anti-european.
moreover, growth forecasts are gloomy.
to some, making such priorities seems obscene.
the situation is ripe for change.
but symbolic gestures are not enough.
instead, santos opted for the path of least expedience.
the peruvian government now has a serious problem.
but money is not all that is needed.
indeed it is.
america’s approach is doomed to fail.
the task facing the imf is formidable.
other exhibits, however, focused on urgent current problems.
the first timeline certainly receives the most attention.
“all the terrorists are basically migrants,” she said.
further releases will continue, probably for years.
an unstable economic order?
but such collaboration will face considerable obstacles.
but setbacks and crises are not the same thing.
i, too, am fond of metaphors.
it is important to understand how this happened.
the only exception is greece.
such an effort must be collective.
now, the facts are these.
this approach is not unique to trump.
there is no straightforward definition of populism.
but i was alone in paying attention to him.
indeed, the foreclosure rate is increasing.
leung and hers colleagues can give them one.
democratic politics and modern policymaking are based on promises.
simply put, they don’t have enough data.
moreover, euroskeptic parties find it difficult to forge coalitions.
there were a few positive developments in 2018.
but its mistake offers us an important opportunity.
but support should always be conditional on fundamentals.
japan is similarly facing record-breaking torrential rains.
these are glorious days for iran.
global imbalances must be addressed more forcefully.
what, then, is an economist to do?
russia got ukraine wrong, too.
cambridge – europe faces a serious problem.
the stoics understood this.
but the volume is capped.
india has more than a billion people.
but such wars involve an element of bluffing.
fortunately, this, too, is already beginning to occur.
what would that look like?
recently developed statistical tools have finally made this possible.
then there is myanmar.
second, global institutions will come under attack.
indeed, some 5% of the world’s population perished.
but for the moment they are unquestionably powerful.
then, as now, europe’s future was at stake.
another, perhaps bigger storm, has yet to begin.
this turn to “social justice” issues is counterintuitive.
irresponsible behavior threatening the health of the global economy?
this is an unprecedented degree of financial concentration.
the typical american employer is no longer general motors.
peer pressure now matters, too.
but it is not alone.
this would help all economies.
how would the new fiscal rules be designed?
turning privacy “threats” into opportunities
6.
president, we do military strategy, not politics.
but where did it all go wrong?
the things that trouble me are different.
but two disruptions undermined these benefits.
the problem, instead, lies in their approach.
shattering political monopolies is what democracy is all about.
what has the conway-bannon dichotomy produced?
it’s not hard to see why.
the argument is almost entirely wrong.
professional groups like lawyers have transnational standards.
this commodity-price roller-coaster ride is probably not over yet.
its entrepreneurial capacity is expanding.
as a result, their populations are suffering.
europe's new dawn
murphy is right.
as sumo wrestlers know, weight is not all.
it supports the military dictatorship in pakistan.
in thailand’s case: japanese banks.
this is what corbyn proposes.
this is not an argument against transformational leaders.
global warming highlights this contrast.
the world needs a more modest and confident america.
yet persistent gender inequality is limiting the continent’s potential.
yanukovych had always been the kremlin’s ally.
is this a short-term phenomenon?
second, stop nato’s expansion to ukraine and georgia.
they are not charities.
it influenced regional politics.
one illustration makes the case vividly.
therapeutic cloning is intended to heal the sick.
moreover, the economy is growing much faster than before.
the chinese government claims that tibetans are happy.
and that may have been enough.
the middle class is being torn apart.
this trend must be reversed.
since december 2015, a market-friendly reformer has governed argentina.
there is no time to waste.
most analysts believe that separatism stems from economic factors.
families lose incomes, and children lose parents.
you can barely make ends meet?
china is still a poor country.
of course, no one questions pakistan’s sovereignty.
vázquez’s term ends in march 2010.
if it does, will global imbalances disappear sooner?
finally, there is a worldwide crisis in inequality.
i suggest the following sequence.
some patronize her, while others reject her arguments.
for world exports, that figure is 3.1.
america’s economy could continue to charge ahead.
thereafter, the two camps’ interests and conclusions diverged sharply.
so far, so clear.
is there another agenda?
that is a serious mistake.
creditors are sometimes wise and sometimes incredibly stupid.
the task now is to turn consensus into action.
none of this means that the euro will collapse.
what would a comprehensive approach look like?
smaller modular plants could blend unobtrusively into the landscape.
“because if we destroy creation, creation will destroy us!
the challenge appeared overwhelming.
and only eastern europeans themselves can settle them.
his ostentation and extravagance were deeply un-prussian.
but today’s challenges require a new strategic outlook.
we legislated in what sometimes seemed a forced march.
the commission’s proposal is far from perfect.
we are personally committed to doing our share.
they oppose projects such as that of drs.
fortunately, progress is being made in this area.
next time, europe’s taxpayers will be on the hook.
but no one should be fooled.
discriminatory measures are spreading faster than liberalizing policies.
bush to win the day.
pakistani policy is practically at war with itself.
these are efficient responses to changes in real wages.
obama can rage and weep.
and tb mortality has dropped more than 40%.
they are not.
what was an exaggeration then is demonstrably wrong now.
next, consider intellectual property theft.
but women entrepreneurs need better access to finance.
emerging-market countries should take note.
it is endogenous.
central planning is not about to stage a comeback.
he’ll certainly have hers work cut out.
the reasons for europe’s defection are eminently geopolitical.
asia needs roosevelt-style reassurance, not a misplaced financial orthodoxy.
women’s suffrage followed soon after.
but both germany and europe are changing.
here, there has been some progress--but not enough.
this translates as “the bottle peddler is here!
in other words, no more lapdog congress.
i believe that the doubters will be proven wrong.
“today,” she said, “no demand for it exists.
reports of repeated system crashes have already started circulating.
we all have a stake in her success.
instead, a wide variety of genes influence each characteristic.
we have never faced a more difficult political task.
think of the soon-to-retire office worker.
the numbers are similar in other countries.
even my own salary suffices to meet my own.
the opportunity to reconsider european foreign policy is clear.
they felt like powerless minority shareholders.
most people can live without one kidney.
but the reality is a bit more complicated.
this is not the only way forward.
third, gas must become increasingly available.
the rest is history.
i know this from personal experience.
for this, they deserve credit.
is the us losing latin america?
both parties therefore cater to their wishes.
no realistic solution exists for kosovo but independence.
something changes permanently.
two days later, premier zhu rongji denied the reports.
a vat/payroll-tax swap would do exactly the same thing.
she seems to disdain the european union.
kaczynski’s government suffered a heavy defeat.
there are no checks and balances on these powers.
neither is right.
they need to do at least three additional things.
she was right.
has the european union followed this recipe?
is it risky to break taboos?
winata's perjury case was resolved.
wolfensohn quit in frustration.
those companies go online to earn money.
we have already connected some of them by e-mail.
piñera ran on the promise of faster economic growth.
it also produces rather good wine.
much of the hard work remains ahead of us.
high job rotation makes it difficult to contribute regularly.
what, then, should be done?
yet many refuse to give up screening.
and it is reengineering transboundary river flows.
and how can we leave it behind?
why should they work for “them”?
challenges remain, of course.
this law is based on economic principles.
yet it is a mirage.
of course, one should not entertain too many illusions.
european public opinion is increasingly introspective and sporadically protectionist.
russia’s economy is weaker, and its armaments are rusty.
we need not become too alarmed yet.
the world cannot afford to repeat that performance.
and so are schools, universities, and political parties.
the mounting instability will only exacerbate the problem.
nonetheless the challenges she faces are enormous.
in brazil, be cautious.
it sank like a stone.
that pattern is being repeated elsewhere.
this kind of enlightened stimulus runs into strong prejudices.
and we need to implement strategies for managing migration.
this low-tech product was revolutionary.
it need not be this way.
that is a remarkable achievement.
but a country needs only so much housing.
fortunately, the ecb proved robust.
madrid – syria is a blood-soaked shambles.
but one can have too much press freedom.
and i haven’t even mentioned donald trump or brexit.
a major one is economic.
workers’ rights are also a significant issue.
lithuania, latvia, and estonia implemented similar plans.
that is where companies like twitter come in.
wasn't germany's unification a matter of ``blood and iron''?
but things are beginning to change.
he is being driven past the berlin wall.
this is where effective resolution procedures become important.
those days are gone.
they do this by searching their memory for examples.
all fun stuff.
there are two competing explanations for europe’s relative malaise.
for singapore’s founding father, education went beyond formal schooling.
after an attack, states consider immediate security measures.
but the outcome is typically otherwise.
moreover, they know how to work around inadequate infrastructure.
yu, and many others.
summits can be bilateral or multilateral.
european leaders must not succumb to this temptation.
will it work?
the experimental data is forthcoming.
the bundesbank is also tightening credit at home.
this simple principle should guide commission competition decisions.
third, we must intensify cross-border operations.
since then, china's financial media has become bolder.
millions more died.
it is past time to take globalization's complexities seriously.
these trials, they point out, are expensive.
and cross-border conflicts are just the beginning.
it translates directly into political credibility.
nevertheless, he is telling the truth.
this has become a familiar story.
and unemployment remains stubbornly high.
the eu’s asylum policy has broken down.
for india, last year is a year best forgotten.
privatization has stalled.
moreover, america went to war on false pretenses.
w: i'll give you a black eye plus .
moreover, a us recession would interact with other risks.
but it is not nearly enough.
instead, he is closely monitored with various follow-up tests.
memories of the great depression are dying out.
this was us secretary of state dean acheson.
also, private companies compete.
only time will tell.
this is minor stuff.
we foresee three strategic priorities.
controlling the land, he also controls the vote.
they see america as part of the solution.
reforming them would take 10 years, she said.
as the dollar weakens, america looks even less safe.
of this sum, only about half is readily identifiable.
so the debate is pushed to the next conference.
now, she has the opportunity to follow through.
sometimes the two theaters seemed to merge.
the terrorists shot them anyway.
it is time to revitalize good leadership.
the reason can be expressed in one word: globalization.
rural areas’ progress so far reveals their future potential.
naftogaz also agreed to drop another lawsuit against gazprom.
that is why right-to-know laws are so important.
germany is the migrants’ most favored destination.
such space is certainly available in germany.
developing these attitudes is not easy.
but all countries cannot simultaneously run trade surpluses.
iran’s theocratic regime appears more confident than ever.
this must change.
first is the end of the cold war.
consider, for example, america in iraq.
consider the productivity debate.
nor is it a victory for ukraine.
changing that mindset is crucial.
chinese leaders are feted around the world.
humpty dumpty cannot be put together again.
a trade war would undoubtedly hurt both sides.
a second is immigration.
that is a laudable goal.
beijing – the world caught a break in 2009.
for how could they?
but it is almost certainly wrong yet again.
under jeremy corbyn’s leadership, labour is more euroskeptic.
but how long can the storm last?
this must change.
but things didn’t turn out that way.
and yet, anti-german discourse has not been completely eliminated.
china is currently investing almost half of its gdp.
yingluck has been banned from politics for five years.
but diverse national policies can achieve only so much.
a few were even promoted.
the first revolution must be institutional.
this should change.
it might or might not work today.
this could be, and often was, highly counter-productive.
it seemed worth trying.
here again, the truth lies in the nuances.
but other cases were not so simple to navigate.
people herding animals.
can democracy defeat terrorism?
we must make sure it was not in vain.
severely paralyzed, close is confined to a wheelchair.
corporations alone cannot solve our most pressing global problems.
there are already some worrying signs of this.
these take the form of high-tech town hall meetings.
these estimates have public-policy implications.
but their formulation is inconsistent.
this support should be conditioned on demonstrated progress.
this change can occur in many ways.
but the overall picture is amazingly good.
why not just say, "no thanks" people ask?
does the american body politic have a reverse gear?
it is a source of untold opportunities.
there is plenty of blame to go around.
unfortunately, all has not gone well.
but it isn't.
these numbers tell only part of the story.
fortunately, chelsea won.
we watched it happen on tv.
they often insult and slander out of sheer dislike.
it will require strong national and international governance.
it is estimated that 1.5 million people perished.
and they often are not purchased.
but how do we identify our enemies?
our use of antibiotics is a case in point.
but we should identify the right targets for criticism.
be content with the directional,” or some such words.
it didn’t last.
crowdfunding or crowdphishing?
in iran, the figures were 82% and 78%, respectively.
it received only about half that amount.
sanusi’s supporters also credit him with maintaining exchange-rate stability.
next, the government promised to eliminate social-services waste.
structural unemployment will become inevitable.
israel is often mentioned as a reason.
“i am very sorry,” she said to startled onlookers.
that is nonsense.
so, what does it mean?
that is the last thing the eurozone needs.
history, after all, is replete with “rise-and-fall” stories.
this may sound counter-intuitive.
this process will be an exercise in creativity.
none of these challenges will be easy.
latin america has come a long way.
that critique was valid for socialist societies, too.
none of this was peculiar to tibet.
and that is not what has happened.
“pure capitalism” and “globalization” evoke horrific images.
waste in food production and distribution should be reduced.
princeton – can humans really be motivated by altruism?
initially, it did not condemn cow vigilantism.
in addition, infrastructure investment cannot be deferred forever.
others were helping him to set up tents.
the us labor market works well.
a new approach is needed.
so they elected one as president.
why should american jewish politicians be any different?
in 2008-2009, for example, nearly all other currencies crashed.
they reflect an inability to get results.
inevitably, mistakes have been made.
this brings us to the present.
every calculation proved to be disastrously wrong.
someone has to guarantee that they are adequately collateralized.
keynes minimized the obstacles to his goal.
at first glance, it seems plausible.
as a result, germany’s political fringe is blossoming.
most aid was stolen or wasted.
without luck, a reactionary backlash ensues.
why do you think we are in a crisis?
they are anonymous even to one another.
what drove this progress?
things are not quite so simple.
instead, world leaders adopted a long-term perspective.
latin america as a single entity is no more.
that reality implies another compelling case for divestment.
hence their impulse to believe in unseen forces.
dislocations are still being felt around the world.
but sarkozy has a point.
negotiations will be needed, with both sides sacrificing something.
this would have destabilized the economy.
what, then, is the danger of gm foods?
moreover, corruption payments should be added to official taxation.
national supervisors always tend to minimize problems at home.
the democrats must recognize these problems, not downplay them.
for now, cuba is politically stable.
their blanket denials are no longer credible.
not much has changed since then.
we constantly kidded each other about our differences.
right now, it exports offer the most promise.
too frequently, today’s perspectives remain shaped by yesterday’s facts.
until now, mbs has considered himself above the law.
this month, it agreed to even stricter limits.
and production workers’ wages rose 2.4%, faster than prices.
china’s economic problems are more structural than cyclical.
france is flat-lining (as is britain).
and trump will still be trump.
there is not much reason for optimism now.
zionism is a case in point.
the macroeconomic indicators are the best in decades.
left-wing pacifism tends to overlook this simple fact.
paradise has never seemed more fraught.
that is certainly something to celebrate.
thorstein veblen knew the answer.
poverty is our greatest shame.
iran’s less-is-more nuclear policy
the response was swift.
all this talk is essential and good.
modern economies rely not on monopolies, but on competition.
but there is another key difference.
sometimes dating a recession is a judgment call.
we are convinced that a better society is possible.
but the economy’s overall architecture remains incomplete.
this is not a far-fetched risk.
that won’t happen through speeches, commentaries, and annual reports.
but will the future really be so bleak?
another example is energy distribution.
when in doubt, fire.
but coal is not the solution.
all labor markets need regulation.
europe’s approach has been more paternalistic, but similarly destructive.
asia does not do itself justice.
but there are deeper differences.
italy’s problems are manageable.
so will future generations.
there is a deep logic to this finding.
china’s real motivation seems to be more far-sighted.
the page palestinelovesisrael – with banner headlines reading “enough!
here, land reform will be the most difficult issue.
within a decade, world war ii had begun.
he is not coming back.
several gene mutations account for 5-10% of cases.
unlike mexico, a serious fiscal problem exists in brazil.
they have involved huge financial risks for eurozone members.
kennedy, had kennedy not died from his wounds.
jokowi and sisi seem to have adopted this approach.
it is past time to move forward.
she may be right.
on afghanistan, neither obama nor his predecessor, george w.
that is entirely understandable.
obesity is responsible for about 5% of deaths worldwide.
so far, that feeling remains a ghost.
the operation's success was no accident.
makwetu had no interest in reconciliation.
currently, two dates are circulating widely, 1907 and 1931.
initially, the europeans underestimated the slowdown they confronted.
greece taught france a lesson.
no major candidate is advocating anything remotely resembling isolationism.
traditional philanthropies should revisit their mandates.
the challenge now is to turn pledges into action.
when we try to impose democracy, we tarnish it.
collective action works; we have proved that.
this should not be shocking.
europe’s leaders must imbue their citizens with renewed hope.
but doing so deepened greece’s insolvency.
this exonerating hypothesis does not hold water.
everyone else is just a liaison officer.
this is good news.
the returns on that investment have been remarkable.
that panic incited a widespread banking failure.
pakistan's nuclear establishment has essentially two divisions.
eurozone financial markets reacted in the expected way.
presidents barack obama and george w.
bush sought the same goal.
but that is just one side of the ledger.
-2.5
there is no point in crying about it.
can one international financial architecture fit all?
they reflect power asymmetries and political failures within societies.
this brinkmanship is no accident.
is there any hope?
they should now reconsider.
turkey is also engaging in strategic recalculations.
early movers are already shaking things up.
they knew the currency was overvalued.
a stimulus is a government-engineered boost to total spending.
the two problems are linked.
men must be heard when reporting assault.
each time, his performance was flat.
bush, and the nascent “principled engagement” of barack obama.
macron has committed to a similar culling.
no, but must they?
like george w.
here is where a floating exchange rate comes in.
we must bring this downward spiral to a halt.
some are simply too poor to provide decent schools.
but i am not complaining about this.
it was the beginning of the end.
italy is, to be sure, in dire straits.
unsettling america
but what a different everest this is!
each can tell us something different.
it was merely a sad reckoning with reality.
incompetence during a political transition has a high price.
who is threatened by russia today?
unemployment among those aged 20-24 should be more troubling.
but progress is nonetheless being made.
not just any government will do.
seattle – the world’s food supply is under threat.
i can't get excited about this division-of-labor issue.
fiscal integration is high on the five presidents’ agenda.
yet no law prohibits the practice.
a gentleman enters with a fashion magazine.
many africans will fall back into desperate poverty.
shkreli now spends many of hers days in court.
india intervened, stalling china’s building activity.
just ask raghuram rajan.
this may then set the tone for an agreement.
google appealed, and its investors shrugged.
beyond that, who knows?
the october revolution has always had many critics.
take, for example, the morality of war.
but the real question is which policies work best.
well, then, let’s do the math.
how can this be?
otherwise, the global growth equation may not add up.
the managing director, mrs.
that meant a “lost decade” for latin america’s economies.
so far, at least, virtually nothing.
and china would be right to do so.
there is one notable exception: south africa.
that is not a recipe for a happy ending.
so what happens after the uk election?
mnuchin should let it pass.
we cannot turn a deaf ear to their laments.
correspondingly, civil rights should expand.
almost all other countries fall between these two extremes.
but this saber rattling backfired.
yes, i say.
other such examples abound.
do they really have nothing new to offer?
but those effects will fade by late summer.
the government has done little to remedy this.
consider the issue of government procurement.
the ppp-versus-market-exchange-rate issue is familiar to international economists.
trump is right to want out of syria.
neves had a plan to address these shortcomings.
timing counts for a lot in politics.
this generational change is accelerated by a third development.
but america’s recovery remains anemic by historical standards.
“last year,” she said, “a catastrophic storm hit bangladesh.
that bolsters hers strength in the russian setting.
hence, he could not accept america’s awkward pro-democracy agenda.
the ipcc faced down these vested interests.
the answer is a resounding no.
the us bond market agrees with me.
this means, above all, that they set performance targets.
plan b would extend the maturity of greece’s debt.
france is dreaming and having fun.
france’s fight is britain’s fight and europe’s fight.
sustainable visions
yet his intellectual influence remains.
broadband liberation
this inaction is understandable.
as for inflation, forecasts have consistently been confounded.
the same is true of services.
when the product is water, we all lose.
arbitrary detention and torture are widespread.
consensus is encouraged, but dissent is countenanced.
not even trump believes hers own act.
a sense of humility and skepticism is missing.
of course, many other groups gain.
consider two scenarios.
in the fifth act, investment will seize up.
it is an illusion, but a socially created illusion.
this is almost surely deliberate.
on the contrary, it deserves even stricter penalties.
consider each of those growth factors.
but 3.4% is hardly disastrous by historical standards.
who’s she kidding?
these losses are tragic, but they are also avoidable.
childbirth can be risky.
here, the science is encouraging.
who, they will have to ask, lost thailand?
warmer temperatures will boost agricultural production and improve health.
this is the real business opportunity.
these deaths shatter families and communities.
or, more precisely, the contrast pits machiavelli against himself.
but this depends on how stockpiles are administered.
new leaders must also expect and manage setbacks.
but that seems unlikely to happen here.
political measures are also needed.
it is hard to understand this blunder.
patterns from that seesawing past inevitably influence the present.
is hothouse earth avoidable?
the need for reform in china is well documented.
surveys of consumer attitudes point to strong positive feelings.
europe needs action.
the cost of the gender gap
are they right?
within two generations human literacy will be nearly universal.
this is the very essence of international cooperation.
glass, for hers part, opposed deposit insurance.
the twitter hashtag #killallmoslems has been around since 2011.
there is something not quite right about this ad.
this is not only good for mothers.
this assertion does not withstand scrutiny.
has financial innovation been discredited?
what do these two issues have in common?
a border wall, however, is not in anyone’s interest.
the cost could be a staggering $10 trillion.
these factors are making firms hesitant about large-scale moves.
this prospect literally gives me the shivers.
kings and queens, on the whole, have not.
few europeans want to make that choice.
nothing was done to prevent it.
the uncertainty revolution still has not succeeded.
this brings us to the fourth tool: fiscal policy.
a generation has been lost.
the question is whether the eu will survive it.
their pasts are different, and so are their prospects.
you don’t have to read toqueville to know that.
and yet there are also grounds for optimism.
but democracy cannot be imposed by force.
a vacuum never survives for long.
find hard to control.
but sane people would rather avoid inflation.
wall street likes to test a new fed chairman.
political freedom and economic prosperity go hand in hand.
accelerating investment in housing is also vital.
governance by analogy can easily lead to muddled governance.
it is part of the human condition.
is a person’s weight hers or him own business?
national leagues are similar.
it is time to embrace them.
local public high school students.
i believe the time is right to do so.
this is evident across europe.
here causes for optimism are limited but real.
the same is true of the world wide web.
abandoning "convertibility," i.e.
in fact, republicans secured a broad victory.
marxism is a version of economic determinism.
trump and kaczynski have prepared quite a show.
the truth probably lies somewhere in between.
i have encountered many personal and professional difficulties.
all countries face, to different degrees, economic problems.
the imf is needed for several key purposes.
keynes was not averse to changing his mind.
nobel laureate economist joseph e.
the prd’s competitiveness is no accident.
but delivering them remains a challenge in some areas.
this applies also to the intervening powers' objectives.
it is time for new engagement.
a relentless bureaucratic brawler, bolton is not without accomplishments.
just how weakened america is in the region matters.
creating a more employment-intensive economy remains a primary objective.
there are two ways turkey's debt can go.
many people, perhaps even hundreds, contributed.
but, as history has shown, no third way exists.
but i would go further and add six more.
asia has experienced the historical continuity of great empires.
and there was remarkable consistency across countries.
summits for her are more engine than caboose.
the implications are clear.
this failure has many koreans scared.
the chinese private sector may have the biggest problem.
critics and naysayers must be eliminated.
disunity made the arab defeat almost inevitable.
international policy coordination requires a leader, a first mover.
the value of the currency is also relevant.
there is much room for improvement.
but britain is the worst affected.
gas stations installed ethanol pumps.
or was a more complex calculation in play?
some of the new policies seem exemplary.
like many latin american countries, ecuador is deeply polarized.
will collective punishment make them moderate, law-abiding helots?
such scenarios were unimaginable until only recently.
yet water is cheap.
lagos ran an extraordinarily effective campaign.
since then, george w.
but not all investment is created equal.
would you be happier if you were richer?
all we need is to comprehend and embrace it.
no, the problems run deeper.
has the emerging-economy crisis cycle ended?
the eu has multilateralism in its dna.
the history of franco-german reconciliation is impressive indeed.
the strategy worked well.
in this environment, a cash scarcity is economically crippling.
today’s globalized world is far from perfect.
the basic adjuvant options are hormone treatments and chemotherapy.
that is how markets work.
finally, better finance should mean better corporate governance.
brazil, like mexico, has opened its economy.
too often, biased assumptions guide policymaking.
but there are caveats.
for the uk, again the situation is different.
both have large and powerful social insurance systems.
but that doesn’t mean it hasn’t been attempted.
fortunately, china’s leaders seem intent on doing just that.
but the region looks very different through chinese eyes.
there is, however, a third meaning of "europe".
but there are stranger aspects to japan’s sluggish economy.
right-wing populists such as trump engage in identity politics.
france is now very bad at creating new jobs.
will newly elected president susilo continue to prosecute journalists?
consider the problem of accounting for quality improvements.
honni soit qui mal y pense!
paris – gibraltar received exciting news last month.
only the american alternative is viable.
to compare, the average american pays 15 cents.
and we need to act globally.
clean piped water is a distant memory.
by the spring of 2014, ukraine was in limbo.
there is reason to worry about this.
consider the reforms undertaken since 2012.
she had a strong hold over hers colleagues.
but how will china and mexico respond?
now we get to the hard part.
frustration cannot grow faster than opportunity in any country.
trump is clearly going for a record.
but there are major challenges ahead.
the packaging matters less than the results.
international support for our efforts is crucial.
the specter of rising racial tensions is worrying enough.
and this development has a clear geographic dimension.
massive industrial action forced the government to back down.
but it isn’t impossible.
in the end, the event was amazing.
it’s time we used it.
as a thesis adviser, rudi had few peers.
under the soviets, this stage lasted about 40 years.
the establishment of “security” while chaining my wrists.
consider the following beguiling example.
but then an unwelcome thing happened.
this brings into focus the second requirement of self-defense.
at the same time, the external environment is promising.
their own companies benefited greatly from slave labor.
this can be explained partly by antagonism against islam.
but, for now, volatility remains contained.
but the term is confusing.
the other element is thriving, prospering participants.
is citizenship a right?
great bankers of the past like j.p.
morgan built industries like rail and steel.
an expensive proposition, that.
these changes have also improved the environment.
finally, every successful team needs a strong manager.
where does zionism stand today?
paris delivered for the planet and for the poor.
buenos aires: what price justice?
but him words did little soothing.
but they remain in existence three decades later.
but their tolerance inevitably fades - and fast.
but france and germany have distinct interests.
america is strong, and the global economy is strong.
we are far from there yet.
send them all home.
clearly, the eurozone’s muddle-through approach no longer works.
there are many reasons to be hopeful.
he must be opposed, not appeased.
but this scenario is neither relevant nor desirable.
consider, for example, policy toward the banking system.
on another, people and machines do the work together.
why are young italians so eager to leave?
it was up to trump, apparently, to “finish” it.
prabhakaran, not al qaeda, invented suicide bombing.
great britain, 24 (29); 4.
so why do the statistics tell a different story?
and so on.
when hayward said it, the condemnation was swift.
in china, the leadership transition has occurred smoothly.
but agreement is thinner than it appears.
the path ahead will not be easy.
current strategies do not provide an adequate answer.
it is important that they act soon.
the need for root-and-branch reform was undeniable.
nairobi – renewable energy triggers sharply polarized views.
kennedy knew better.
but a number of factors complicated negotiations.
the bush administration has been disastrously anti-scientific.
the culprits depend on the topic in question.
is traditional banking unbreakable?
so, again, who will those investors be?
but that does not justify disregarding the evidence.
our challenge is to set a new course.
so beliefs may even be self-perpetuating.
dozens were arrested.
we chose reform.
yet other billionaires have yet to make comparable donations.
this is foolish.
the lokpal will not be a panacea.
isis is a brutal sunni rebellion against shia rulers.
serbia’s application for accession is precisely such an opportunity.
that now appears to be changing, but only grudgingly.
two conditions marked russia’s oligarchs for persecution.
but israel didn’t get the memo.
so much has changed.
then he will die.
second, some financial vulnerabilities are embedded in the economy.
dera members are overwhelmingly sikhs.
if only it were that simple.
patriotism may be out, but alarmism is still in.
this is not the saudi-us alliance’s finest hour.
but this does not come without costs.
is russia part of the west?
he may even succeed.
the anchor was there from the beginning.
it is consumers, not producers, who are king.
the new year is looking grim.
but the us has dismissed the plan as unworkable.
china’s situation is certainly serious.
karadžić would still be flogging love potions in belgrade.
finally, there is the chaos scenario.
what is wrong?
banks incurring balance-sheet damage will have to be recapitalized.
organization also changed.
despite its economic slowdown, japan retains impressive power resources.
so is she on the way out?
the recent events threaten this historic transformation.
today, near-customization is rapidly becoming the norm.
this may sound like an impossible alliance.
but no one really qualifies at the moment.
but they don’t go all the way.
in addition to membership, several other issues remain.
the mediterranean reborn
these arguments are easily rebutted.
it is an upward spiral.
for everyone else, no translation is needed.
they face job insecurity throughout their lives.
consider four examples.
consider the imf.
so why is it important?
but iran is not iraq or syria.
in a 2015 working paper, the economists scott r.
baker, nicholas bloom, and steven j.
most prefer the second option.
can this work?
stanford – obtaining medicines from plants is not new.
they have no intention of parting with it.
trump herself may yet challenge china.
the solution must include a new institution.
the trend continued in 2017.
that view is entirely wrong.
academic research points to all three.
that is not going to change.
the us has rediscovered asia.
and yet krill fishing is projected to grow.
that is what it takes.
building a nation demands more than steel and concrete.
it includes a charter of fundamental rights.
there are two key features of this carry trade.
then there are those who donate to charity.
but how will sarajevo look in five years?
but we must start doing so immediately.
this scattered approach prevents policies from being compared.
the sudan is the biggest country in africa.
no effort should be spared in reinforcing nato.
history will bear this out.
that they were wrong is all that matters.
democracy is not in retreat.
both are threatened by islamic extremism and growing unrest.
the time has come to pay for these mistakes.
putin’s worldview, however, is far from unique in russia.
this is an extraordinarily ahistorical claim.
how do you feel?
the global economy is at a critical juncture.
local officials are often considered heroes, not oppressors.
without severe crisis, no significant reform was likely.
the court could agree.
good reasons to delay exist.
whoever wins, the results will echo across latin america.
is sadness a disease?
yet we are far from being in the clear.
the anti-morsi forces are sharply divided ideologically and politically.
the eu already has more than 30.
presidents george h.w.
bush and george w.
the company’s response was to redirect the blame.
this wave is by far the most dangerous.
my proposal fell on deaf ears.
ultimately, power remains the ability to coerce.
clearly, there would have been risks.
this surge in business spending boosted overall demand.
but can the ttip live up to the hype?
the hdp is currently polling at around 10%.
begin in rwanda.
nationalist sentiment is also increasing.
all legislation is passed by a simple majority.
some of them starve to death.
to the learned and eloquent.
but was money yunus’s ultimate motive?
but he is unlikely to be chastened.
one thing is clear.
limited pension reform has been passed.
when america went to war, there was a deficit.
there is some logic to this argument.
only five or six hands went up.
of course, globalization continued through the 1970s and beyond.
then he starts rigging elections and suppressing opposition.
bankruptcies remain rare.
european banks are challenged.
this transformation is no coincidence.
gorski, m.d., ph.d.
and with good reason.
and the trend continued.
and yet something is changing, even in hidebound japan.
it seems that the american writer and journalist p.j.
last but not least, people should be empowered.
travel restrictions and continued settlement activity must end.
now, may is attempting to form a minority government.
both administrations have pursued some pragmatic policies.
children are not biologically equivalent to begin with.
or consider capital accumulation.
territorial disputes have exacerbated these tensions significantly.
the us also needs more accessible mental-health services.
please hold on tight to this rope.
then there are those – the techno-worriers?
fears of a default abound.
moreover, republicans want their tax cuts to be permanent.
the us is fighting the wrong war.
the ethos of active citizenship applies in every sphere.
as mark twain famously observed, “history doesn’t repeat itself.
but others supported yu jie's critique.
but that time is past.
instead, it has become a national growth-strategy issue.
if the results are positive, treatment begins.
but, globally, our innovation system needs much bigger changes.
bush, bill clinton, and george w.
bush as a living former president.
but, without compromise, a democracy becomes ungovernable.
so the truth is out and freely available.
only china will decide that.
fragmentation also affects societies internally.
under the gold standard, discipline was automatic.
only the us and canada voted against.
this simply will not be possible.
national banking systems need a lender of last resort.
a new deal for europe could be equally promising.
not so this time.
our help had to be targeted.
pilots are usually granted immunity from prosecution.
this should not be surprising.
the taboo against criticizing putin is already powerless.
and there is plenty more to come.
for example, new factories and mines require land.
our interests are in fact hostage to our ideas.
they cannot take preventive measures.
moscow – russia’s economic prospects are looking increasingly grim.
fourteen renminbi-clearing banks have been established worldwide.
what a peculiar meeting it was.
how wrong they were.
but these early red flags went unheeded.
recognizing this imperative is the first step.
they also reduce the burden of debts.
springtime for nationalism?
many things may change in the meantime.
nonetheless, obama will go to cartagena, as he should.
macron owes his presidency to the latter.
hemoglobin concentrations increased in both of these groups.
france voted to change course three years ago.
this approach was understandable, but it proved ineffective.
mortgage debts, too, must be written down.
likewise, us administrations have remained wedded to the bomb.
clinical evidence indicates that stigma takes two forms.
divorce is not an option these days.
israel’s 2009 election is similar in many ways.
do children cause global warming?
the kremlin supposedly would not have opposed the deal.
the us-china trade imbalance stems from structural flaws.
but will this solve the problem that he poses?
the actual figure is probably higher.
to give that amount requires no moral heroics.
this left only the third option.
the single market is far from complete.
but a new book by stuart e.
in these circumstances, macroeconomic stability will remain elusive.
now, all this may be so.
but the scientists’ argument was sobering, and demands attention.
on my recent visit, i met mrs.
self-expression is as important as free expression.
that is why france recently received an algerian ex-detainee.
but the threat also comes from within.
legal proceedings have been opened against opposition parties.
everyone else is relieved.
managing aggregate demand is governments’ job.
godec, in cables released last month by wikileaks.
critics warn of a slippery slope.
gore’s democrats prefer more traditional public management and control.
to be sure, this eventuality is being hotly debated.
all fine and noble sentiments.
low-hanging fruit – consumption.
argentina is stuck in a time warp.
another area of sino-american convergence concerns the multilateral system.
but is greater transparency always good?
of course, currency appreciation should not be prevented altogether.
tolerance towards islam is cowardly appeasement in his eyes.
huntington's other example also fail to support hers thesis.
the telegraph disrupted the postal service.
some physicists invented a clever workaround.
but the effectiveness of such an approach is limited.
when that happens, the world had better brace itself.
it is superficially about health care and taxes.
consider executive pay packages.
few developing countries had family planning programs.
like his predecessors, george w.
london – george w.
bush has started work on hers memoirs.
the tin man vs.
the straw man.
most israelis would strongly object to this interpretation.
everywhere you look peasants have almost disappeared.
that task seemed overwhelming.
but better and more hopeful?
perhaps trump is that shock.
that is the good news.
the obvious question is why.
in many cases, the process will not be pretty.
but overall progress has been slow.
as economists are prone to say, it depends.
true, the digital economy holds great promise.
both projects are audacious.
if they vote yes, she is re-empowered.
japan’s prime minister is playing a risky game.
johnson is unlikely to repeat may’s error.
a type ii error involves stopping innocent foreigners.
in a sense, this was a positive development.
and the deep freeze in crisis-ravaged markets thawed.
any claim like that will inevitably attract attention.
but these companies remain in the minority.
it moves in the sphere of the sacred.
what this double reconfiguration entails is reasonably clear.
the us is hardly alone.
today, however, the west and asia remain mutually dependent.
from the “irish brotherhood” that brought john f.
may his well-deserved rest be peaceful.
this represents a huge opportunity for africa���s manufacturers.
first, greek debt reduction was postponed for too long.
the study cannot measure this increase.
america’s new progressive era?
other new provisions will also hurt the us economy.
this history lesson is important for understanding putin's presidency.
nonetheless, many claim that barnier’s proposal goes too far.
vested interests distort the process of evolution.
when hoyle turned to biology, she went astray.
this situation, however, is changing.
france is also burdened by strongly held ideological convictions.
is the press too free?
cameron’s remarks were deeply resented in pakistan.
there was little mention, if any, of imperialism’s benefits.
messaging from financial markets increasingly influences the fed’s decision-making.
south korea now needs to take a stronger approach.
calls for a more diversified investment strategy intensified.
desmond tutu is a nobel peace prize laureate.
germany is important but not dominant.
but something very different emerged in asia in 2011.
yet stability was achieved.
the question is why.
i sensed this arriving in bucharest on december 26.
but only well-crafted regulations can fix it.
only goods may pass this barrier without controls.
consider publicly-funded scientific research.
but that is a misreading of what happened.
the un was only the tour operator in copenhagen.
waltz was wrong in two ways.
looking backward will get the international community nowhere.
but throwing money at the problem is no panacea.
legislatures are under pressure to relax these constraints.
but the rules are not enforced.
this has major implications for trade defense.
but this assumption is deeply flawed.
that has been imf strategy.
but why bother to continue trying?
bush’s judicial legacy.
much of the automobile industry is bust.
banks also need to raise capital.
the public could not disagree with him more.
a third issue is climate change.
but they are unlikely to derail hers government.
not the global financial crisis, important as it is.
no one really knows.
american internationalism will be back at some point.
where has the oil wealth gone?
the new lifestyle is no longer sustainable.
but will they also prevent her from succeeding?
most important, this is true not just for greece.
sadly, “eventually” is the key word.
but she will not achieve it.
the same is true in the us.
greece and italy are simply waving the refugees on.
it is a matter of both equity and efficiency.
but, as usual, pride precedes a fall.
otherwise, the euro will break down.
she has good taste in books: dostoevsky, cervantes.
on the contrary, 9/11 has not been replicated.
all of this costs money.
the third constraint stems from the 2008 financial crisis.
so what is the game plan now?
from a short-term perspective, noyer’s position is largely correct.
it is an intimate part of their family stories.
some liberalizing reform was long overdue in those countries.
richard von weizsäcker was president of germany.
some of the response has been coldly coercive.
second, the liberals’ priorities were misplaced.
the neo-liberal push for deregulation served some interests well.
the data have already yielded important insights.
soon, tens of thousands of koreans joined the protests.
water flows on the surface and underground.
i think not.
time is of the essence.
but fiscal stimulus merely aggravated the problem.
most people are creatures of habit; they crave predictability.
we are the moral continent.
asia must not make the same mistake.
during george w.
conditions are cramped and unhygienic.
but she can’t.
louis xvi was contemptuously called “le boulanger,” the baker.
here, too, the innovation platform is helping.
the most famous example came in 1917.
in fact, it is too costly to ignore.
political freedom is good for business, and vice versa.
prostitution is a classic example.
trump thought this was a splendid idea.
pelosi clearly flummoxes trump.
nanny never married; never had children of her own.
but a more cooperative atmosphere might well be needed.
since 1945, internationalists have had the upper hand.
these complementarities hold great potential for both sides.
in the 1930’s, such “beggar-thy-neighbor” policies worsened the situation.
this is also not true.
climate records continue to be broken worldwide.
the economists are the idiots savants of our time.
prices shoot up and they deem themselves brilliant.
the latest deal promises up to another €86 billion.
and what of today?
missile defense can be part of that positive trend.
in deciding juliana v.
borrowers and savers are naturally grouped by age.
she also got what she wanted.
and too many policymakers are deferring to them.
to hear more, subscribe, rate, and review.
not trusting official over-reassurances, we become even more alarmed.
mcmaster as national security adviser.
consider a couple of notorious examples.
euroskepticism represents everything the eurocrats dislike.
so the real question is, what drives wages?
fortunately, britain has always been an outsider.
governments did not have to cede these powers.
firms must adjust instantaneously or perish in the process.
clearly, the nuclear door is being reopened.
dual labor markets are a problem throughout the eu.
climate change is real, and it is a problem.
him challenge dwarfs those faced by him recent predecessors.
on health goals, however, we are not even close.
we are doing our part in terms of burden-sharing.
nonetheless, germany’s reluctance to lead remains a big problem.
aid works; it saves lives.
young people seem to agree.
surprisingly, the answer is no.
but not all countries have made progress.
that would be a bad outcome for everyone.
we must not be hostages to our extremists.
how does she do it?
living organisms are always composite.
this was in line with the oecd average.
but there are also deeper reasons for their anger.
and he is already being proved right.
“too many of us think it is impossible.
but putin the performer cannot abide a bad review.
we are not interested in the illusion of partnership.
it is outright us hostility.
that is no cause for celebration.
as to romania, eu-members are divided.
who will grant him asylum?
so, why doesn’t this happen routinely in developing countries?
until around 1980, these institutions were clearly world-class.
not current economics.
major economic transformations typically produce far-reaching change.
but these are not normal times.
in treating pneumonia, access to antibiotics is essential.
one final word.
moreover, iran’s leadership is fragmented and weak.
but headlines can be misleading.
national identities remain stronger than a common european identity.
the united states is very different in this respect.
nevertheless, hezbollah faces severe political trouble, too.
reform of the army was put off.
france, and europe, should choose the lesser evil.
but turkey and azerbaijan are wrong.
the us has come full circle.
the window for action is quickly closing.
still, greece’s debt burden is unsustainable.
but qe’s opponents should consider the alternative.
expectations are high – perhaps too high at times.
the western democracies will survive with only modest changes.
some of hers positions are untenable.
employment of prime-age males should be rising, not falling.
not surprisingly, shantytowns quickly developed.
that orthodoxy failed.
age against the machine
is gold a good hedge?
paris – it’s theater season in the european union.
at present that promise is severely in question.
japan must remain their hope.
parliamentary representation for men has also taken a hit.
in addition, different standards and certification requirements are applied.
to some extent, this was understandable.
she was wrong.
the first change is economic.
last year, portugal was devastated.
have these funds been used as effectively as possible?
nothing came of that visit.
for example, in the 1964 presidential election, lyndon b.
she is tall, handsome, and smart.
might is not necessarily right.
that alone can be useful.
the reality is more complex.
putin’s regime is openly tsarist.
but there are also significant differences.
america’s tax system has surprisingly little redistributional punch.
the results might be more complicated than anyone wishes.
the danes are no more anti-european than anyone else.
all this is now bound to change.
some countries are already stepping up to the challenge.
moreover, effective courts must be politically independent.
the situation demands the secretary-general’s direct involvement.
nonetheless, there is reason for optimism.
the first is by destabilizing its financial institutions.
they are waiting to be heard.
myth 2: energy-efficient buildings are uncomfortable.
the impact on europe has been no less disappointing.
new delhi – public discourse is rarely nuanced.
such sacrifices, however, would be well worthwhile.
we all should be, too.
is russia a trustworthy partner in these areas?
this tax helped discourage companies from hiring additional workers.
lawmakers complain they weren’t consulted.
second, financial globalization has been greatly oversold.
i half-agree with this view.
the “action” officer was secretary of state dean rusk.
when is a free-trade agreement bad?
consider that in may 1961, president john f.
now these have gradually shrunk to nothing.
why is my reasoning dismissed out of hand?
scared of its potential power, they despise private business.
but i doubt we should worry too much.
and that’s not the worst of it.
sometimes the victims die.
africa has addressed complex and far-reaching problems before.
the first is that biology is complicated.
this would be good for croatia.
what should such a declaration include?
greece does need radical structural reform.
the government’s options are limited.
two of these deserve to be mentioned.
but eu influence over chinese revaluation has been zero.
buchanan considered such analysis romantic.
disability benefits and eligibility tests were also dramatically changed.
europe is in crisis.
again, sovereignty entails obligations as well as rights.
west coast cities are among the hardest hit.
we’ve seen this sequence before.
this is easy to explain.
trust has been decimated.
this will prove to be a grave mistake.
consider international institutions.
this perversity is not without reason.
“he is not in moscow,” the man replied.
why, they ask, should we show compassion to him?
john mccain was perhaps the last of those mohicans.
“this is where they beat the salafis.
she should trigger omt before it is too late.
today, saleh’s support among hers top generals is dwindling.
but the recent discoveries cannot be ignored.
this silence gives a hideous signal.
as a result, relations among regional actors remain tense.
she also created enemies (and even faced death threats).
on the fiscal side, however, nothing happened.
rather, sidewalks are close relatives of parks and plazas.
today, going to work decreases the chance of divorce.
but this abundance is under threat.
that is typical wishful thinking among politicians.
baker did so.
moreover, they rarely die.
the biofuel lesson is salutary.
so we have largely stood still, in trade jargon.
all aspects of her legacy are earnestly disputed.
this widens the gap, leading to an eventual reversal.
that is hers first problem.
but americans aren’t buying it; nor are poles.
but military containment is only a partial solution.
but it is simply too late.
but dramatic is not the same as alarming.
that is the essence of democracy.
encouraged by her mother, ms.
watanabe set her sights on new shores.
a little bit of history might help.
but famines are triggered by more than the weather.
what advantage might such awareness bring?
retrospective justifications of inaction rarely sound credible.
despite talk of european citizenship, politics remain obstinately national.
this is what happened in continental europe.
how, then, should the eu engage with china?
but the trend will not be stopped.
again, maintaining realistic expectations must be paramount.
will he have the strategic vision to do so?
today’s populists are different.
faster growth is crucial to reducing poverty.
what they need is support and encouragement.
similar frictions are arising with chile.
so why is the world so ungrateful?
the chinese also want respect.
yet there has been near-silence on this choice.
arguably, this should be among obama’s top priorities.
india appeared mired in stagnation.
but, unlike most dreams, this one is achievable.
but the us has given nasser no answers.
the end of the korean miracle?
what do they have to do with each other?
why support the tpp?
economics is not immune from this dynamic.
cambridge – president george w.
the approach to north korea is similar.
but these parties do not reject the eu.
today, a growing number of mexicans shares this view.
compostable plastics also needto be composted.
from putin’s perspective, russia’s focus on ukraine makes sense.
the ugandan government has responded with extraordinary generosity.
then-president george w.
but the islamists’ call for nationwide protests flopped.
the same thing is happening in south sudan.
from this hard choice arises another dilemma.
tackling the problem will require innovative approaches.
a deep-rooted french pessimism only reinforces their anxiety.
to the shores of leman they must now head.
the french revolution happened more than two centuries ago.
russia’s politics are equally dispiriting.
the risks are only growing.
but it is only part of the truth.
there are, of course, important, successful government programs.
very likely, reality will outrun apprehension.
so a fundamental strategic struggle is now a given.
differences in competition and scale.
we know what must be done.
president vladimir putin remains a fairly effective international communicator.
he delivered a pointed rebuke of “america first” unilateralism.
the legal system has an important role here.
so far, that has not happened.
that is nothing new.
dying is bad, however one is killed.
political sensitivities run especially high in asia.
people simply had to learn to be tolerant.
resentment of the wealthy and powerful is hardly new.
the range is vast.
but both of these outcomes can be avoided.
for the inflation-targeting purists, the argument seems impeccable.
sorous does not abandon the values of islam.
what specific goals should the cio pursue?
now i worry that they are terribly inefficient.
and oil prices are not russia’s only problem.
meles was certainly both.
no new applications will be accepted.
the problems with such arguments are many.
the situation across africa is no better.
it may indeed be part of the explanation.
reducing farmers’ dependence on rainfall is essential.
the current crisis killed off this optimistic scenario.
but what constitutes genocide?
this change of perception has statistical support.
many voters are following suit, drawn mainly to enríquez-ominami.
this is pure fantasy.
bismarck would know who is at fault.
true, china’s political economy is unusual.
but change is afoot.
the end of the trump administration?
is there a message?
russia's position is also likely to harden as well.
another impediment to cooperation is geopolitical.
merkel is a safe pair of hands.
and it is a big one.
the net-zero imperative
c: not cool.
and those systems are under unprecedented pressure.
that idea is foolish economically and strategically.
one could easily add more such examples.
hers relations with congress have been far from smooth.
but evidence generated by cbas should always be contested.
what, then, are the pboc’s options?
will europe’s sinners save themselves?
possessing the people will give him the territory.
surprisingly (to me, at least), markets have reacted stoically.
as a result, policy disputes can become criminal.
fake elections are rapidly become the norm.
likewise, zillow collects and publishes real-estate information.
in the meantime, let’s hope that messrs.
can the imf avert a global meltdown?
this watered-down gradualism has become hers trademark.
rote learning replaced critical thinking, undermining creativity.
unquiet but free of nostalgia.
almost all players were local boys.
but at what cost?
strengthening the political-security community is equally essential.
meanwhile, alawite rule has not benefited all alawites.
kim has already outdone his forebears.
but such innovation will take time.
but india’s government has few good options.
although the worst was avoided, much pain remains.
when drought returned this year, these investments paid off.
suddenly, this didn’t seem quite right.
the modi government does not fit that description.
so it must be addressed head on.
the japanese students received death threats.
but this stance helps no one.
inflation was caused by price gouging by unscrupulous businessmen.
two questions arise.
once installed, operating costs are very low.
americans have been through this type of debate before.
since then, they have diminished by 20%.
now fast-forward to today.
one country’s gain is another’s loss.
today, the stability pact appears frayed.
the implications of such a shift are far-reaching.
none of these american exits was without consequence.
the housing market is finally recovering.
according to mr.
rousseff has little time to waste.
zimbabwe is constrained by poor governance.
but the gold standard also had its costs.
worse, skinner’s full remarks were freighted with racial overtones.
but not proceeding would also have been a disaster.
ideologically, many people are simply suspicious of expansive government.
so do other asian economies.
what should such an arrangement look like?
disappointingly, no new treatments have yet arisen.
hundreds of thousands of others have suffered unnecessarily.
but technological innovation alone is unlikely to be sufficient.
everything else is left to patriarchal discretion.
that prospect holds both great opportunity and serious risks.
the choice appalls voters.
to be sure, much progress has been made.
and there is no need to surrender.
the threat could best be eliminated by war.
president george w.
change will not be easy.
that tendency remains dominant.
it was just a bubble, we learned.
instead of sending help, they send study groups.
hubbard and mankiw advised former president george w.
the ethical case for ubi is different.
this is pie in the sky.
social unrest, huge devaluations, and populist protests loomed.
in russia, the oligarchs are accountable to putin.
ten days later, the ipcc report reignited the debate.
but there is another factor at work.
i am keen to understand what she meant.
people immediately above felt neglected and squeezed.
has she been a woman of peace?
bush has hers own frustrations.
revaluation of the chinese yuan would also help.
throwing money at poverty became a panacea.
as little as $0.10 per person.
but that would not be the story in europe.
as long as this is true, integration cannot succeed.
setting the rules will take time.
the stakes of not knowing are very high.
in that case, it will go to lagarde.
recite a passage from the koran, they ordered.
gerhard schroeder is providing disastrous leadership for germany.
somehow people have lost faith in elections.
it must act now.
power is shifting from west to east.
nor is it defined by geography.
let us hope they are right.
israel’s european peace?
since then, rivero has endured his own private blockade.
consider attitudes toward vaccines.
ultimately, though, the brics must also lead by example.
the implications are far-reaching.
the benefits are substantial.
ultimately, of course, ophelia goes mad and drowns herself.
the story goes back to the recession of 2001.
the commission has been equally firm in demanding both.
engagement with japan, too, has deepened.
first, she thinks of politics as a soccer match.
compelling lawmakers to decriminalize defamation will not be easy.
but there is another side to the coin.
to be sure, there could be glitches.
a strategy must also be comprehensive.
when the tool fails, it needs to be replaced.
yet growth continues to be painfully slow.
precisely this currently seems to be occurring.
governments that looked fiscally sound suddenly appear insolvent.
by this standard, global warming doesn’t come close.
in any case, lula remains the central issue.
it’s a celebration of speech.
hong kong and singapore have played their cards astutely.
but president donald trump’s administration appears utterly unconcerned.
yet, the world faces many other vast challenges.
historical traditions also play a role.
iran has sent a powerful signal on that front.
is trump an “effective leader”?
remittances are drying up.
leading journalists have been assaulted, the culprits never found.
unrepaired single-strand breaks are not very toxic to cells.
it is time to heed dahrendorf’s call.
scotland and northern ireland voted heavily to remain.
trade and exchange continued only at a trickle.
lessons are being learned and investment strategies revised.
for all theories of justice implicitly define moral rights.
but she still has offered only a partial solution.
we need to know how this transformation is activated.
but this was an asymmetrical peace.
they fall easily into violence, theft, and sabotage.
a second change concerns britain’s relationship with china.
such places exist.
this needs to change.
both factors were more muted in developing economies.
europe’s policymakers cannot offshore the eurozone’s problems.
technology transfer is incredibly difficult.
the second monopoly is exercised in the banking sector.
traces of the "new regionalism" can be found everywhere.
rehema has noticed changes in the weather.
instead, the swamp has grown wider and deeper.
reykjavik proved that boldness is rewarded.
even the communists embraced the system with great delight.
africa’s bitter harvest
it’s an incredible period.
that must change, and radically so.
tackling these challenges will require strong us-japanese cooperation.
erdoğan as the new saladin?
or his winking support of white supremacists?
perhaps they enjoyed that role for a reason.
police are unavailable.
before the latest war erupted, hamas was politically isolated.
so is europe bucking history?
i was walking through venice with richard c.
and new york city strengthened its public election-financing program.
the electricity is not working.
the effects of these purchases attracted considerable attention.
it neither endorsed nor rejected the official outcome.
today’s schoolbooks recount these achievements with pride.
the opposite is true in europe.
resolving the crisis inevitably includes action on two fronts.
manufacturing productivity increased somewhat, owing to intense international competition.
but this is wishful thinking.
they make the world go round.
six years ago, president george w.
europe must start playing a game that it detests.
life in north korea, however, is hermetically sealed.
indeed, perhaps it is even a dangerous hype.
was 2016 the best year ever?
sub-prime mortgages made the american dream come true.
and bailout fatigue is emerging in the eurozone core.
the great diplomatic success of george w.
not all lies are born equal.
there is nothing inevitable about the disappearance of trust.
that leader, of course, can only be amlo.
what does “renewal” or “rejuvenation” mean to the chinese?
my opponents did.
but europe should move more decisively in this direction.
history has often been contested terrain in india.
by and large, iraqi political parties are sectarian organizations.
we are not alone.
but this is not true in today’s globalized world.
but now those divides are wider.
but this development model is no longer sustainable.
this may reflect what people are accustomed to.
they are united in ruling out external devaluation.
to address this, the political scientists t.
anthony quinn and r.
that has to change – and fast.
and annexation is completely prohibited.
the national debt is deferred taxation.
together with dr.
soroush's work echoes themes that spawned the christian reformation.
whose qe was it, anyway?
that works when exploratory experiments are diverse and numerous.
nor was germany immune to temptation.
his sentiments remain relevant for today's india.
blocking such testing costs lives.
nothing could be further from the truth.
then it was back to work on december 27.
still, much work remains.
at some point, it will presumably stop raining.
in the interest of simplicity, i would say no.
mikhail gorbachev sits in the back of a limousine.
but this misses the point.
so, what should western central banks do?
france performed marvelously.
fortunately, it is moving to improve its environmental record.
the agenda starts at home.
but why would they?
by november, the berlin wall had fallen.
fourth, there is trump’s unpredictability.
anything beyond that level will be catastrophic.
something similar has happened in central european countries.
the twin symbols are guantanamo and abu ghraib.
italians have abandoned their defensive tactics.
my reasoning is simple.
and the proceedings have only just started.
the world would practically run itself.
but this was not the case in the past.
it will lower transaction costs and increase labor productivity.
this has created a worrying precedent.
but we have to do the work.
but here, too, china will have an advantage.
short-run stability certainly seems attractive right now.
but little of consequence would follow.
i firmly doubt the need to dispense with deterrence.
one century is enough.
the environmental impact is magnified by large-scale farming.
political leaders were thinking about national revival and assertion.
we think these are both good suggestions.
the children of today deserve this future.
historically, this anti-inflationary bias was explicable and even reasonable.
staffed by eunuchs, it reported to the empress directly.
in japan it is up to $25.
there are two kinds.
one hopes that this heralds genuine progress.
what is different is the origin of the data.
the new digital devices and platforms encouraged hyper-individualism.
a generation ago, it was a simpler world.
but the problem doesn’t end there.
measures to address both issues are mutually reinforcing.
but eid’s are not rare at all.
and calibrating a response was not easy.
szydło and morawiecki are viewed more favorably.
nearly all oil pipelines in the region head west.
the question is whether barr will change his.
brussels – forget the fiscal cliff.
the onus for correcting the unfairness lies on us.
and it succeeded.
what is their secret?
who will grant her asylum?
but is inequality the real problem?
there are five themes running through my remarks.
digital mirror does the reverse.
“they should not come near the shariah.
they exist throughout europe’s anti-immigrant movements.
but criticism is one thing.
but this was non-violent resistance.
economic performance was poor.
yes, an outbreak of inflation could be a threat.
india is following close behind.
issuing the new global money would reduce this uncertainty.
the repercussions, however, will be global.
but success in cairo might prove even more challenging.
it took 18 months to abandon this policy.
but maduro must act fast.
today, this economic miracle is up in the air.
but it is much too early to bury sarkozy.
the list tells us two things.
much more must be done.
investors aren’t blind.
and the problem is not just with oil.
maybe not, compared to the alternatives.
with the world’s help, we will do just that.
chile’s fiscal institutions insure a countercyclical budget.
western europe and the us are both post-industrial democracies.
and it continues to fight when the need arises.
conservationists have been sounding the alarm for years.
ecb president mario draghi has said much the same.
or is it not a question of numbers?
mcmaster – in key positions.
i like their country too much for that.
so, should the french be worried?
nor is this trend unique to south asia.
no president welcomes the scar of having been impeached.
the second is an attack on democracy’s very foundations.
but the total remains far too small.
that is plainly absurd.
but the democrats are also responsible for voter apathy.
this could tackle global warming in the longer run.
so, is a global fresh water crisis looming?
and they, not academic economists, formulate policy.
now for the bad news.
parliament evicted lepper from his deputy speakers's position.
and that is the way it should be.
the two need to be tackled together.
yet progress on ncds is possible.
berkeley – ideas matter.
industrial centers with growing unemployment will receive more troops.
for once, a cocktail-party conversation meant something.
first, the cost of raw-material imports has risen sharply.
class and race overlap in the us.
she is not coming back.
it’s not the economy, stupid; it’s the stupid economy.
consumers pay significantly less than at traditional outlets.
the biggest threat comes from netanyahu.
this is wrong on two levels.
obama would be wise to mend the bilateral relationship.
but there are also several upside risks.
estimates put their number at around 1,200.
some of his positions are untenable.
china is hardly immune to such a possibility.
in 2018, zambia mined over 800,000 tons of copper.
but trump did not take the bait.
but much work remains to be done.
the west, khrushchev thought, didn’t take him seriously.
can we really afford them all?
that pattern is changing.
with good reason.
piketty’s argument is detailed and complicated.
even now, russia, though undemocratic, is largely free.
the journalists present immediately understood the threat.
it probably will create asset-price bubbles.
led’s are beginning to lead the way.
populists must be confronted head-on.
and savings are particularly good for developing countries.
all of this worsens an already tense situation.
this is possible, but not likely.
summers’s own research results dramatically drive home that point.
that is wrong.
his popularity now stands at 86%.
i was raised on it.
they were wrong to do so.
clearly, this caricature is based on some truth.
yet tweeting is no substitute for thought.
finance is at the top of their list.
solutions must be found that enable all to win.
far from it.
meanwhile, high domestic borrowing costs are undermining private investment.
erdoğan, meanwhile, has done little to calm matters.
can japan reinvent itself again?
harding’s administration in the 1920s.
foreign managers don’t seem to mind.
yet this is not a sufficient explanation.
moreover, the fiscal austerity they prescribe delays economic recovery.
men are truly the motors of africa’s economies.
equality for all?
but not as we know it.
nothing, however, can replace a well-informed citizenry.
will the euro survive the current crisis?
men also play a somewhat greater role.
officially, it is meant to take two years.
qui tacet consentire videtur (silence means consent).
of course not.
she reported what she saw and heard.
this is wise and should not change.
his election made the point for him.
but snubbing china is misguided.
there are fundamental stories about technology and declining resources.
the us remains a unique source of innovation.
saudi arabia supports the tfg financially and politically.
other middle-income countries have discussed adopting similar policies.
it is too modest.
amman – wasted time is always to be regretted.
no one owes us a living.
the capital adequacy ratio was as high as 13.2%.
but trump’s campaign is a losing one.
bush is similarly mistaken.
the west seems to have forgotten this.
lebanon is a particularly important participant in this project.
the change was approved overwhelmingly by india’s parliament.
not surprisingly, no government welcomed this idea.
do you have any regrets?
indicators of equality have not improved substantially, either.
prejudice has tended to fall as participation increases.
it may be time for civil society to act.
how did the swedes deal with their financial crisis?
of course, our global responsibilities extend beyond human rights.
syria is the canary in the coalmine.
but few of these countries are experiencing much industrialization.
development financing should be left to the world bank.
asean cannot afford to stand by idly.
many are exploited.
she was less adept in political infighting in israel.
must the two approaches be mutually exclusive?
bush is that type of driver.
“china, please slow down.
only a few pundits stubbornly adhere to this approach.
but two things are clear.
indeed, hiccup will not choose which communities participate.
when events shift, it becomes obsolete.
all of this requires raising capital.
consider first the supply side.
but it is not a sure thing.
what is that true meaning?
this debasement of public discourse is no accident.
can cyber warfare be deterred?
there are two vital lessons for other countries.
this set up today’s tension.
cambridge – the federal reserve is under attack.
but information is never perfect.
was it always thus?
most of these parties tend to be socially conservative.
clinton mostly tried (except in the balkans); george w.
bush did not, and generated new wars and turmoil.
egypt’s political stagnation has reduced its regional influence.
what remains mysterious is why they are comprehensible.
and that, above all, means preserving the status quo.
now is the time to get our priorities right.
some countries are already taking action.
new york – first the swiss ban minarets.
faster growth would fuel inflationary pressures.
in the us, that ratio has remained relatively constant.
this, too, is a chinese tradition.
the answer is a resounding yes.
i think of a man named joyce sandir.
they were, after all, too big to fail.
needless to say, none of this is normal.
the term was coined by harvard’s joseph s.
now, under "bush ii," america is repeating that folly.
sadly, they have not.
the conflict in ukraine is not about ukraine.
what failed in the lisbon strategy?
even pope francis has released a rock album.
an eu free-trade agreement is in place.
nations also put europe's constitutional balance out of kilter.
to contain russia.
he must not drop the ball.
but this issue too is not on the agenda.
the story is far from over.
all of this has seriously undermined european cooperation.
parts of algeria, for example, could be vulnerable.
the left emphasizes redistribution.
shortly after the release, qfii quotas were relaxed significantly.
once again, russia's big businesswomen have united behind chubais.
it never had to.
the ecb is moving ever farther into uncharted territory.
what will this mean for social policy?
does iran’s parliamentary election matter?
but even there, risks lurk.
is it not a contribution to international security?
turkey, egypt, and iraq are also severely affected.
it is an embarrassment bordering on defeat.
the first is political.
the malthus gun
enter trump.
this private-sector recovery is helping government finances.
several of hers colleagues share hers reservations.
fortunately, efforts are underway to address each of them.
will italy cross the illiberal rubicon?
who were their enemies?
voting does not always solve problems of self-determination.
united with putin against terror?
the real problem, however, lies elsewhere.
its people have become powerful, arrogant, and enormously rich.
french republican values find their expression in the eu.
the answer remains far from clear.
causes are the hardest to understand.
such cases are legion.
in an innovation-driven economy, only innovative solutions can work.
too quick, alas.
consider foreign policy.
china’s legacy is different.
this need not be antagonistic, as in the past.
this has important implications for public-health policy.
an even greater shock would await monetary policy.
the next generation is already smaller.
today, however, the geopolitical context is evolving.
ultimately, the choice is simple.
history has not come full circle.
this is no formula for long-term economic success.
in the natural sciences, this is already happening.
and here the plot has thickened.
but perhaps that is wishful thinking.
but i doubt it,” he writes.
do they want a politically integrated eu?
i have a simple answer.
indeed, without adequate regulation, they are prone to excess.
malala’s revolution
1.
the 2008 crisis played out a bit differently.
all countries’ legitimizing narratives blend historical fact and myth.
the economy should be going gangbusters.
now, however, the election will likely be postponed.
sound macroeconomic policymaking cannot be conducted through arbitrary mini-budgets.
all parts of the baltic region prospered, save one.
military bases have been impetuously established along russia’s perimeter.
for europe, soft power far outstrips hard power.
the costs appear relatively small.
it was a deeply confused speech.
the social-biophysical system is replete with chicken-and-egg subsystems.
finally, a gleam of hope might arise from necessity.
in short, france has lost control of europe.
tough rhetoric but moderate sanctions will not work.
but they did so unevenly.
for more information about the event, go here.
it’s not pretty.
governments are not organized to meet them.
the scene brilliantly captures america’s cantankerous and contradictory zeitgeist.
that is when hers next ordeal began.
i urge other governments to take similar steps.
appearances, however, can be deceptive.
trump claims that trade wars are easy to win.
withdrawing from the paris climate agreement was bad.
it is hard to disagree.
their egos should be strong enough to take it.
iraq comes first.
once we understand these factors, we can act.
transparency in procurement works wonders.
these are exceptions.
“there is a new paradigm here,” she said.
let’s first dispense with a powerful emerging myth.
there is no more to it than that.
call it the digital divide.
thousands of our citizens are dead.
everyone rushes to get out.
the world is now in a climate emergency.
can the end come abruptly in 2006?
do they leave the world better or worse?
fortunately, there is such a strategy: research and development.
take the economy.
modern informational autocrats also make extensive use of censorship.
europe can do the same.
but overfishing and pollution are causing tremendous damage.
revolution transmuted into a crypto-coup d’état.
this puzzles dawkins, as it does many others.
some people embraced nationalism and chauvinism.
hollande’s victory has already sharply redefined european politics.
the net result was a reversal of deforestation.
yet much can still go wrong.
opacity has grown with complexity.
is europe doing everything wrong?
the result was a compromise between these two groups.
monetarists hail the low-inflation era as their great achievement.
i am less sanguine.
indonesia is already among the world’s biggest carbon emitters.
the atmosphere of violence is palpable in other ways.
the fed should relearn that lesson.
where to from here?
an active competition policy will be needed.
deforestation must be reversed, not accelerated.
spending has been cut and taxes raised.
the time has come to realize it.
indeed, people are now recognizing two important facts.
other experts agree.
sadly, there is little reason to be optimistic.
popper's preferred method, of course, was the ballot box.
then came 2008, when everything changed.
in the long run, sweden cannot avoid reform.
moreover, the newer bitumen technology does without strip mines.
political posturing is often expedient.
and he led.
what will happen is hard to foresee.
around the world, ai is already transforming developing countries.
the first doubt is about the stock market.
thus, it also helps expand incomes.
they complement and even depend on each other.
yet steps to protect investors can be taken.
moreover, how to restructure the financial system remains unclear.
everything is reversible in a democracy.
angela bismarck thatcher
no one knows.
is academic freedom worth its price?
but they have done nothing to promote growth.
leung and his colleagues can give them one.
saleh will undoubtedly resist such an effort.
developing countries’ health systems are already stretched.
and the housing foreclosures have precipitated a global slowdown.
but this clash is unavoidable.
some may never have been viable.
finally, there is europe to consider.
that view is changing.
but with trump, there is none of that.
are the skeptics right?
but cynicism is wrong.
only in the 1950s was the system slowly loosened.
none of this should be surprising.
unfortunately, this may be a costly way to learn.
the standard explanation is corruption.
a half-century ago, white rhinos abounded in africa.
protectionism may, in fact, be an electoral dinosaur.
i think this is right.
microfinance has become the darling of development enthusiasts.
it inspired widespread emulation.
this is not just a matter of economic convenience.
but what about agriculture?
the president’s reassurances were not convincing.
they have not opted for “bio-based” plastics.
that is one thing india cannot afford.
but it is a us territory.
some programs are helping to level the playing field.
“two ways,” she replies.
developing countries should also increase their education spending.
these issues are difficult to address directly.
african governments are beginning to recognize this.
but pakistan’s political history suggests otherwise.
are people better off?
but complexity is not the only reason for obscurity.
another reset with russia?
we want it in our journalism.
a way forward beckons.
will the polluters pay for climate change?
they should be.
most people are not stupid.
by contrast, ghana represents the sunny side africa.
actually, they would probably feel okay.
above all, however, iraq is in trouble.
to be sure, erdoğan is hardly blameless.
they must show it.
your book becomes bigger.
in other words, foreign policy requires strategic thinking.
as a result, recession seems certain.
then there is the press.
learning from malaria
tokyo – interviews are always tricky.
there is no quick fix to this problem.
there are two major geopolitical uncertainties as well.
it works only for smaller marginal decisions.
malians have become victims of the libyan intervention.
bank regulation is also part of the fed’s mandate.
cities power growth through innovation, trade, and exchange.
nevertheless, there are significant obstacles ahead.
but the real reason is those businesspeople in asia.
it will prove a difficult period at the controls.
for women, the choice is clear.
the case of airline deregulation is again revealing.
around the world, countries are undergoing transitions to democracy.
i can only hope they are being sincere.
yet, unavoidably, some triumphalism has crept into the narrative.
china has reduced reserve requirements on banks.
he likes to proclaim, "i'm only a football player.
they risked their careers by going before the committee.
but, when conducted during wartime, risks abound.
the message seems to be spreading.
then came years of cold war division.
but she has little chance of succeeding.
headscarves were first banned in france by administrative decree.
according to the american investigative journalist robert i.
-1.4
no familiar ideology provides the needed wisdom.
the response by enlightened communities is therefore important.
hedge funds and other investors have already taken notice.
chen once had political courage.
is syria the next domino?
so no ecological collapse here.
europe faces no shortage of challenges.
but we should not give up.
the united states, however, is doing better.
without paying a big tax!”
washington, d.c.
yes, greece needs to privatize inefficient public enterprises.
women confront the highest barriers to increased fertility.
it is time to face reality.
golubchuk’s children argue that she interacts with them.
that is unwise.
as bhutto acknowledges, khan seems to understand this.
my father was a chilean lawyer and human-rights activist.
it is the most important attribute in politics.
not surprisingly, secessionist sentiment remains strong.
these trends all augur well for india’s economic future.
it is not imposed.
simplistic labels reflect more prejudice than understanding.
our prevailing templates for describing fire are similarly misdirected.
so why is the us suddenly acting so aggressively?
the us has thus painted itself into a corner.
essentially, chile needs a fiscal system that lessens inequality.
unfortunately, europe’s central bank does both.
alongside this increased poverty came many violent pogroms.
this is dangerous territory.
united states, 39 (46); 2.
daskaa 2.0 also threatens sanctions against russian financial institutions.
obviously, that is not an option.
marijuana is by far the most widely used drug.
principles do matter.
what is also required is a dose of realism.
yields per hectare have been stagnating.
- only a few rules are freestanding, i.e.
many other strains are also self-inflicted.
tensions between turkey and russia have grown precipitously.
instead, they gradually erode children’s development prospects.
- the country was nearing collapse at home.
but that leaves some large questions unresolved.
ethics and power can be mutually reinforcing.
she died a few days later.
this calls for immediate action.
a third key area is public policy.
america’s recent growth was neither economically sustainable nor inclusive.
putinism claimed victory after invading tiny georgia in 2008.
so far this year, the number stands at six.
other governments have disputed creditors’ claims in similar contexts.
politically, macron is a contradiction in terms.
can the reformers triumph again?
like europeans, tunisians fear terrorism.
some stoop to crime to pay their gambling debts.
such forecasts reflect three welcome developments.
but does necessity really drive us so hard now?
europe would then withdraw from twenty-first-century world politics.
on that front, there are promising signs.
but is this conventional wisdom always right?
they’re bringing crime.
does the country seek increased openness or isolation?
fortunately, the us backed down.
hard economic times make it difficult to maintain charisma.
in fact, roughly half of africa’s farmers are women.
kohler lacked all of these characteristics.
this is a powerful story.
not everybody applauded.
yet the poles confounded the zeitgeist .
no trace of polish authority remained.
their silence was tantamount to consent.
italy would be wise to tread carefully.
progress here has been inadequate, despite much talk.
should ai make battlefield decisions?
that is fine as a campaign slogan.
and now, the situation is worsening.
what accounts for this divergence?
consider agricultural mechanization, which started in the nineteenth century.
to be sure, such openness carries some risks.
the recent death of james m.
and chinese leaders can’t seem to let it go.
berlusconi invented this cartoon world.
in fact, this was far from guaranteed.
will brazil’s good times roll on?
what should the west do now?
the folly of this approach should be obvious.
but climate-change mitigation and adaptation are costly.
the eu’s leaders need to wake up.
friedman himself would have rued these government policies.
lausanne – i was born in 1945.
language is a strange thing.
if these are the winners, who are the losers?
germany could follow the south korean government’s new path.
the reality is far more complex, of course.
yet other distinguished scholars – including david j.
a second referendum poses a second threat to democracy.
but greece’s membership in the eurozone makes that impossible.
its interventionist measures won’t work.
but he will surely do so with clenched fists.
yes, these programs are costly.
all the ingredients remain separate from the outset.
the meeting is a welcome development.
it wasn’t alone.
the eurozone’s current design makes ecb independence impossible.
what drives central bank decisions to intervene?
great companies can be surpassed swiftly.
murdered, palme is now part of history.
but pa has taken a different approach.
yet that is exactly what has happened.
one idea is to raise the fed’s inflation target.
i don’t think so.
such opportunities do not come along every day.
this is a dangerous combination.
self-regulation has failed spectacularly.
it is time to prepare for the g-2.
but taiwan remained a huge, seemingly impossible obstacle.
the roller-coaster ride is far from over.
third, publicly financing health could increase overall employment.
but the talks faced considerable headwinds.
indeed, irish society seems remarkably hesitant to change course.
reality is usually very different.
what will be the consequences of the irish referendum?
hers decision not to run disappointed many of them.
european firms have plenty of capital!
but the wto’s revival will not happen automatically.
that is how fake news wins.
khamenei is 74 and has health problems.
those norms now lie in tatters.
all of these reforms have long been expected.
africans have led the world in science before.
first, local forces opposed to saddam should be encouraged.
unfortunately, the answer to all these questions is yes.
naturally, i objected to phrasing.
for students, this information can prove to be invaluable.
this should be followed by infrastructure repairs.
we simply haven't learned our lesson.
fourth, and again related, is stress.
the political backlash would be enormous.
but how important is democracy for economic success?
but bernanke’s argument is not entirely convincing.
many governments have been forced to act.
the west can defeat isis.
austerity is dead.
we can do better.
europe’s economic crisis dominated this year’s imf/world bank meetings.
“the movie wants it both ways.
these commitments will be much more difficult to combat.
in trying to answer them, two considerations seem fundamental.
smes are open to innovation, technology transfer, and industrialization.
that appears to be precisely the kremlin’s goal.
this makes no sense.
finally, big data poses a challenge for accountability.
these differences were not trivial.
this practice is also unwise.
poland’s role in the current crisis is slightly different.
stocks on the new york exchange are overpriced.
this point applies to the doing business report.
because this inevitably lowers the threshold for use.
america’s role in malaysia is highly polarizing.
here the imf made its fatal mistake.
how can this cost be reduced?
yet contradictions abound.
it is impossible for anyone to predict bubbles accurately.
there is, however, an odd contradiction in abe’s nationalism.
nato has, of course, shown remarkable tenacity.
but war and occupation create innocent victims.
they will not be blackmailed into accepting us-israeli diktats.
this should be no surprise.
cash is forbidden.
that seems like an approach worth trying.
the facts, however, tell a very different story.
a solution must be found elsewhere.
this is not a question of nostalgia or snobbery.
but the problems with ayyadurai’s paper are legion.
resistance to the current system is now growing.
europe and north america live completely free of malaria.
some required billions of dollars of international support.
doctors diagnosed her with testicular cancer.
initially, local police failed the victim through apathy.
so, what kind of future did they determine?
yet coubertin persisted in his dream of apolitical brotherhood.
but saakashvili and his allies are all young.
that makes it a problem.
cultural assets will be left unprotected.
that is the last thing italy needs.
a tax on stock transactions encourages longer-term holdings.
more or less europe?
but industrial countries, too, intervene substantially in markets.
no dialogue was ever sought.
when one’s immune system weakens, the disease may erupt.
we don’t want to reuse paper bags anymore.
driving these trends is the changing nature of work.
ukraine is heavily dependent on russian energy, particularly gas.
that western-imposed system is now unraveling.
why aren’t us bond investors panicking?
but it is a start.
enlightened japanese elites are fascinated by franco-german reconciliation.
global decoupling is also unlikely.
but order will not emerge on its own.
but it was the wrong target.
people don’t trust the professionals.
but governments are not like households or companies.
but is this a real problem?
she has even promised a new constitution.
but opposition, while broad, was diffuse.
this global epidemic is not confined to advanced countries.
not unreasonably, president george w.
but one-sided exaggeration is not the way forward.
and that, unfortunately, has been in short supply.
economic uncertainty is also dramatically affecting brazilian politics.
switchboard operators are gone.
but there is a solution to the israeli-palestinian conflict.
the marketization of everything sharpens the sting of inequality.
the science makes these links clear.
there is a no easy way out.
central bankers or markets?
orbán will just have hers cronies handle it.
bush in 2000 and donald trump in 2016).
these are, by all reasonable standards, remarkable uk-led achievements.
net capital imports exceeded $800 billion in 2008 alone.
some western diplomats recognize the supreme leader’s role.
fourier realized that gases in our atmosphere trap heat.
algeria was the first arab spring country.
france is not the epicenter of the eurozone crisis.
is the future more promising?
for starters, there is energy security.
but higher values are not ruled out....
obviously, this isn’t the arrangement tusk would prefer.
this is the beginning of an important dialogue.
the non-westerner, however, would rather place tradition above innovation.
this is hardly an isolated example.
farther afield, syria is experiencing only bloodshed and sorrow.
employment levels are high, and unemployment is decreasing.
the event was minutely choreographed.
unfortunately, no quick fix exists.
but trump is not just addressing a non-issue.
the united states elected a black woman president.
the impact on governance is all too predictable.
if that happened, the euro would eventually collapse.
at first sight, that makes a lot of sense.
this would create a european regulatory regime.
that is not the same as national income.
watanabe’s story helps to illustrate a remarkable disparity.
what changed was the currency arrangement.
it is already three-fifths of the way there.
some people conclude that markets are simply irrational.
bashar assad remains essentially loyal to his father’s legacy.
egypt’s security harvest
finally, governments belatedly have become business-friendly.
russia and china were among them.
fixing these problems will require cooperation at all levels.
some initiatives are already underway.
so the us is likely to opt for growth.
markets and personal initiative are pervasive.
global economic policy-making remains very much a western game.
that is the risk today.
invincible popularity can evaporate.
that is roughly what japan is doing now.
italy is a case in point.
his language is one of resistance to conquest.
bush silenced criticism by calling it unpatriotic.
some are insightful.
today, we do not need lies.
one of the most powerful tools is money.
boris yeltsin’s re-election in 1996 was such a moment.
the reason lies in today’s complex global supply chains.
third, inflation was above the bank of england’s target.
now it has reached the united kingdom.
three themes stand out.
various considerations typically underlie policy choices in such situations.
here is one example.
yet there is little indication of progress.
first, the world must work from common standards.
i also know how difficult reconciliation can be.
but these steps are largely ineffective – or worse.
but this simply is not true.
in cyberspace, anyone can have his or her say.
the impact of that game should not be underestimated.
this senseless political warfare has hampered cross-strait economic relations.
many people had their doubts about these investments.
this is a dream come true for putin.
but bush did nothing of the sort.
public debt has risen near 40%.
first, we need to approach development differently.
yet still we fail to act.
these problems demand bold responses.
i know how difficult this path has been.
columbia university’s jeffrey d.
sachs recognizes this.
neither of those things has happened.
universal health coverage is also smart.
high salaries drove growth but reduced earnings.
one of trump’s most problematic stances relates to trade.
is that true?
the situation is dangerous and deteriorating.
only territorial autonomy, it seems, would do.
like his father, assad is cautious.
war might not be quick at all.
the us response to this prospect has been extreme.
but it would transform russia even more.
still, sbn members have much to celebrate.
during a franco-german-russian summit in st.
the criminals are almost all dead now.
water is transported further or purified.
what is the real record?
you are and you are not complicit.
but this is blame shifting, nothing more.
but the myth of european supranationalism persisted.
lifelong learning needs to become a reality.
the system looks somewhat safer as a result.
the idea was to study mutants of c.
there have been some encouraging signals.
alcohol restrictions were tightened.
indeed, i suspect that there will be backsliding.
the stock market rewarded banks that made that bet.
the kurds are preparing for this.
though seemingly fragile, it has held up remarkably well.
some archaeological evidence exists.
whether these projections were met is another issue.
but it will not.
transformability and resilience are not opposites.
“business is business,” as deng xiaoping taught us.
it is the best choice for our collective future.
doom sells; scientific empiricism, not so much.
no politician dared to make this distinction.
there are objective reasons for this change.
the budget balance equals government outlays minus revenues.
inaction benefits only hofer and his fellow populists.
getting the right combination of parameters is critical.
but regulation could change that.
rightly so: economists have plenty to answer for.
hundreds of supermarkets vandalized and looted.
this holds lessons for outside powers, too.
the economics is really quite simple.
in this context, asia’s future is highly uncertain.
security would be a major concern.
we have been here before.
these integrated structures seemed to offer many advantages.
beyond existential risks, there are near-term risks.
the question is when.
pacta sunt servanda – agreements must be honored.
perhaps this should come as no surprise.
trump can play tough at being a unilateralist.
part of northern kenya was inhabited by somalis.
that’s about one of every nine people on earth.
self-insurance or self-destruction?
and bosnia is still a troubled place.
skeptics doubt that foreign aid really helps.
they are now attracting growth-enhancing foreign capital.
unemployment checks had run out.
nehru’s last stand?
successful long-term development therefore requires a two-pronged push.
in russia, we lack any such gradation.
did anyone doubt the legitimacy of the result?
the current system is both risky and inefficient.
information has to be structured to become knowledge.
what should be done instead?
people feel uneasy and worried, especially when traveling.
the dollar would become weaker, leaving investors wrong-footed.
that is cause enough for cheer.
the nature-versus-nurture debate has been around a long time.
in particular, they do not create a liberal order.
these are impressive gains that are worth celebrating.
this time we will need global cooperation.
that is why global engagement is critical.
it is a biochemical reaction.
such a bargain must contain two elements.
some even call for more active us assistance.
that’s not a moral judgment, but a business one.
this opportunity should not be missed.
she is more mississippi than manhattan.
but there are caveats.
leaders of the poor prefer to romanticize the past.
in fact, no one really knows.
and they got good grades.
i tell them not to panic.
it is too risky.
but this is not the tsetse’s only rare trait.
education reform is one of the most important.
there are other, less “political” dangers.
the return of religion?
strategy is china's greatest strength.
but the situation is not so simple.
the global financial crisis has shattered this myth.
here the evidence is less clear.
he was less adept in political infighting in israel.
while most c.
the real risk, however, lies in italy.
or will it adjust to them?
president george w.
national and international emergency-response capabilities are being upgraded.
what exactly they voted for remains a mystery.
this is a contradiction with global implications.
ideology and values play little role.
for a high-resolution version of this chart, click here.
can you start a fire without matches?
organizations can decide to extend their reach.
the eu is built on democratic principles.
for great britain, europe-wide defense is a nonstarter.
but what, specifically, will she do to prevent it?
so, forget populism.
some have even employed staff using their own money.
but it is too late for that now.
they are missing the point.
the experience certainly did not traumatize me.
clearly, the epidemic will continue to spread.
relationships between sugar mommies and their companions rarely last.
will europeans unite in time to save them?
only through hers punishment can popular indignation be contained.
london – we live in perilous times.
but the impact of that stimulus has faded.
christianity is not at war with islam.
is the emerging-economy growth engine breaking down?
economic protectionists didn’t win elections.
i should say that my friend is extremely old.
that won’t be easy to achieve.
there is power in networks.
the answer to the second question is surely yes.
a relapse into regional war and islamist terror?
“identity” was not yet seen as a problem.
the region’s flexible states are frightened of war.
and, by all accounts, enough people at yahoo!
policymakers cannot hide from that reality forever.
it cannot do both.
so, drop the idea of convergence?
much will hinge, finally, on the president’s reaction.
most important, no prolonged or double-dip depression occurred.
european competitiveness does not have only a global dimension.
british emu membership remains very desirable.
not all british contributions were positive, of course.
so what is the way forward?
everyone else, including the young, got unprecedented insecurity.
today, these tasks look huge.
he was not alone in this rhetoric.
turkey’s incursion into northwestern syria is just one consequence.
the era of american unipolarity is over.
the eu faces little outright hostility.
dying to live
that has not changed.
the eu will remain a minor player in pakistan.
multilateral measures will also be important.
what's the ordinary european to think?
russian president vladimir putin tops the list of doubters.
trump has changed the world, permanently, for the worse.
companies worldwide scrambled to secure their online safety.
taking up this mantle did not come easy.
but surprises also abound.
she is right, indirectly.
proximity to the gandhi family is everything.
but, here, too, political sensitivities loom large.
the peace deal is not perfect.
a more adventurous plant diet is possible.
but 100 days later, there was no new constitution.
such reticence may serve a useful purpose.
“what credit-fueled expansion?” they might ask.
yet this is precisely what elevating genocide presupposes.
this year might be considered one of peak truthiness.
this is what the eu’s “fiscal compact” is for.
the paradox here is double.
undoubtedly, rising anti-immigrant populism must be confronted.
even that turned out to be insufficient.
they oppose anything that smacks of european political integration.
in the end, realpolitik may rule.
this experience holds a clear lesson: don’t panic.
indeed, laos was among the worst-affected countries.
other regions, however, are volatile and unstable.
war criminals are put on trial in the hague.
this approach is untenable.
women had jobs, but rarely careers.
but free trade is a two-way street.
the comparison between these two approaches is clear.
this is in many ways an old-fashioned view.
its defenders need to act early and decisively.
but that is not the real problem.
talk about "regime change" is not enough.
this severely limits the prospects of women and girls.
leave high-salt foods for occasional use.
other challenges loom.
neither of these is a serious option.
that is the real challenge facing europe.
so, what do we do?
far from over, korea's crisis is shifting ground.
but there is a limit to this option.
chile’s success is old, if still inspiring, news.
another major challenge is managing credit risk.
can you kill yourself in the psych ward?
and there is definitely a place for ambitious goals.
the us economy reflects this dichotomy.
democracy is one such force.
there is no cure.
but they already did, twice.
davos – today’s world seems more risk-laden than ever.
now, its once-impregnable citadel in america is under threat.
but that was our responsibility.
outright deflation would be an even more dangerous threat.
but this claim is unconvincing.
the first casualty will most likely be price stability.
staggering changes have already occurred.
financial assistance can conceivably help spain, but not italy.
day or night, they live in darkness.
in his memoirs, us president lyndon b.
montevideo – brazil’s economy is in intensive care.
the regime’s authoritarian tendencies have not gone unnoticed internationally.
ndbs have been innovative, notably in supporting new activities.
it was not inconceivable, though it was unlikely.
in europe, however, unemployment remains a "good" job.
geremek had two messages about anti-semitism.
president george w.
for african-americans, ghana has special meaning.
these images are powerful and uncomfortable.
if anything, she understates the problem.
so here’s an idea.
so does the bible.
what next for the us stock market?
rock and roll has officially come to cuba.
other factors have contributed to the food crisis.
all investments are ious.
but modern does not mean moderate.
justice begins by respecting the law‫.
the official narrative reflected little of this.
who killed the nokia phone?
there is a lot of judgment involved.
he is right about the distraction.
who would invest in northern nigeria under current conditions?
strangelove” to illustrate key concepts.
what made it uniquely american?
in other words, there is no unified young guard.
reduced rates of return will lower investment rates.
thatcher eventually called an election for june 1983.
another 12,000 have been brutally tortured.
does this mean that a sixth republic is inevitable?
hers twitter account provides instant feedback.
but it is not likely, either.
americans frequently misunderstand our place in the world.
democracy and communism are, it seems, mutually exclusive.
central bankers surely wish for a dynamic global economy.
we have become complacent and lazy.
for now, there is simply no alternative.
the oslo meeting also affirmed new horizons.
he has charm and - many say - charisma.
america at stall speed?
but it has not done that.
ordinarily, there would be no contest here.
we find out in may.
they identify intensely with him, whatever she does.
what is nato against, the russians ask?
ultimately, this is what he will be judged by.
now that dictatorship, too, is beginning to crumble.
and now china faces a dilemma.
ceausescu's rule demonstrates this.
is it fear of being called an anti-semite?
a city of nearly seven million people paralyzed.
-33.840
the answer almost certainly is yes.
there are new outbreaks of war and violence.
hers follow-up gave me pause.
but these are nuances, not fundamental differences.
after all, human knowledge is increasing.
we should all drink to that.
that’s exciting news to retailers looking for new markets.
good health is a blessing.
bangladesh knows wartime cholera all too well.
hitler, too, hoped that other countries would accept them.
rudi lit up any group in which she participated.
some of the latter can come through carbon market.
but it is a prerequisite for success.
their call must not go unanswered.
whole societies can also try to improve their happiness.
but people do remember what nato is about.
don’t bet on it.
such an overhaul should address several key priorities.
of what, precisely, is murdoch guilty?
the last extinction
nevertheless, 30 senators voted against bernanke.
should children take antidepressants?
ghanaians are not alone in voicing such concerns.
almost one might think the world wished to suffer.
everything else can be worked out.
underlying the failure in copenhagen are some deep problems.
that chance, if it comes, must not be wasted.
their labor-market, social-welfare, and competition policies vary.
thirty years ago, i participated in similar east/west debates.
but stealing technology is wrong.
2009 will be a tough year.
so how do we make this happen?
in a hypersensitive reality, stupidity equals malice.
those who are killed are quickly replaced.
take the example of computers.
the psychiatrist arnold m.
but this, too, principally benefited the middle classes.
finally, structural reforms require time to take effect.
but modernization à la carte is an illusion.
but an explicit price-level target would help more.
this result was highly publicized.
they would create european families, with european children.
but this is a false dichotomy.
the new system of health co-payments requires redesign.
the army has a special place in its society.
since then i have followed hers career closely.
healthy people are more productive.
china has the opposite problem.
they should use the resulting instruments and powers preemptively.
and those efforts are taking place largely at sea.
but the stakes are too high to abandon engagement.
true, high border taxes could boost us employment.
but perhaps she knows better.
for now, xi’s grip on power is probably secure.
the problems are legion.
cambridge – ever since edward j.
and if so, who?
to date, this has not happened.
how things have changed in the last five years!
we were shown around the maximum-security wing.
why don’t the poor countries grow more rapidly?
he opposed the formation of nato.
london – is europe’s crisis over?
and even that would not suffice.
this week, the opposition's stipe mesic won croatia's presidency.
– they faced only defeat, repression, and futility.
modernization runs into the opposite problems.
societies that fail to attract foreign brains stagnate.
only a joint response can be effective.
but mind control is not just a literary trope.
now that is a goal worth pursuing.
will china confront a revolution of rising expectations?
president mohamed magariaf later confirmed this view.
these commodities, after all, are priced in us dollars.
the government has responded forcefully on four fronts.
these are laudable aims.
property rights and zoning.
single parents should receive additional support.
she has undoubtedly taken money from countless russian oligarchs.
answering these will require a redefinition of economic sovereignty.
until recently, trade policy overwhelmingly served liberalization.
some are starting to emerge.
this does not make sense to me.
and adding sugar is particularly egregious.
and indeed they are.
but agenda setting is just the first step.
trust is a vital commodity for all politicians.
virtually no country has escaped.
perhaps they risk more than can be justified.
they don’t diet or exercise.
demographic change has certainly been swift.
indian-style socialism was a compound of nationalism and idealism.
in mosul, the fighting is not a civil war.
this doesn’t, however, make poverty genetic.
but they should not be alone.
the democrats, meanwhile, are divided.
democratic governments are too complicated for that.
seven more years of hard times?
the sustainability mindset
this shouldn’t be too surprising.
moreover, obama has joined george w.
here, however, we run into trouble.
reality was whatever the ruling party said it was.
germany rarely expects solidarity from its european partners.
this time, however, the politics will be democratic.
consider the case of france.
and that means further depreciation of the dollar.
only the homeowners are liable.
no doubt, palme reflected the spirit of his times.
palestinians deserve a state.
second, the world now has 60 million refugees.
how many european recessions?
yet it has also proved dysfunctional in important ways.
but privatization cannot substitute for delayed actions.
education today is a security issue.
in some cases, the vote simply tracked domestic politics.
i once believed that, too.
he follows any tactical retreat with renewed aggression.
two other temptations must also be resisted.
the results are striking.
these proposals are both growth-enhancing and equity-enhancing.
as a result, many lack marketable skills.
the police choked the sisters with plastic bags.
the us manifestly feels the same way.
yet the results are dismal.
this stance is unacceptable.
there will always be work to be done.
greenhouse or poorhouse?
maintaining relatively tight liquidity, however, also has serious consequences.
of course, the idea is far from new.
none of this is all or nothing.
and hers arrest seems to be just the beginning.
nevertheless, the “fencing-in” of the rich world continues apace.
the trust between the governing parties is gone.
so much for the laughs.
this turn of events comes at a price.
they are passive users, not active creators.
what’s the problem with advanced economies?
he didn’t ignore it.
in hers book profiles in courage, john f.
one can try to understand it at three levels.
the only alternative was re-industrialization.
yet progress has been mixed, particularly in west africa.
this trend has gathered momentum in recent months.
third, the drug ladies should be arrested and detained.
no one is expecting a damascene conversion.
the worst, sadly, is yet to come.
unlike yushchenko, he was denied.
we stand on the threshold of a new multilateralism.
plastic pollution is a defining problem of the anthropocene.
there are two possible routes.
yet there are some serious gaps in the argument.
here, the institutional landscape is both crowded and unsettled.
this is an ambitious agenda.
children are our future.
alas, the story doesn’t end there.
to protect every child, polio must be eradicated globally.
that doesn’t necessarily have to mean open kinetic warfare.
it was a masterful play on putin’s part.
the us should start planning for that day now.
the pattern is always the same.
the government, of course, is the consummate service-intensive sector.
but there are other, broader opportunities.
david scheffer, the u.s.
freedom, protection and progress.
social media is no substitute for a diplomatic cable.
only the german electorate is qualified to decide.
with trump, it is being snuffed out again.
one is a long-run path of sustainable debt.
such notions go back a long way.
sydney – in november 1965, us president lyndon b.
there are good reasons for this divide.
so does the next generation.
paris – europe is falling into a stagnation trap.
but speculation is not necessarily destabilizing.
turkey should reflect on its position.
to do this, they restrict monetary and budgetary policies.
what needs to be done?
but why defend the arrest in a televised statement?
teachers take their job seriously.
miraculously, amina, him parents, and two younger sisters survived.
park is being ridiculed as choi’s puppet.
nothing could be further from the truth.
indeed, art is the last great unregulated investment opportunity.
otherwise, it is difficult to imagine further eu enlargement.
presidential candidates are, in reality, freelancers.
is blasphemy hate speech?
to put it bluntly, that is not enough.
brazil is well positioned to escape the middle-income trap.
and the plan has been working.
nato cannot afford to make that mistake again.
this must not continue.
is the country mexico in 1994-1995?
let us begin in europe.
this implies that trade diversion could be substantial.
how much change does piñera represent for chile?
real peace presupposes agreement between enemies , not friends.
last but not least, demography is helping.
but it did not.
to remedy this, we need two kinds of transitions.
some call for it to be banned outright.
so far, the evidence is mixed.
such hopes were short-lived.
by the time rescuers arrived, brancheau was dead.
that would impose tough fiscal discipline, indeed.
but is that true?
yet europe’s potential contribution should not be underestimated.
president george w.
so policymakers are facing difficult challenges.
greece’s finance minister, yanis varoufakis, knows this very well.
i continue to ask myself, “why?”
millions?
at the core of the problem is currency.
scientific capitalism
but a simulacrum falls apart much faster.
no more time for nostalgia.
putin is no king lear.
the same goes for brexit.
another would periodically make quacking noises.
my journey with che
history provides some perspective.
integration is possible.
but we can begin the process with three steps.
these zero-carbon solutions will extend beyond any country’s borders.
this situation is now close to being reversed.
president putin's keen political antenna has caught this trend.
one afrikaner leader, f.w.
assad must kill them all.
leaders on both sides understand their countries’ growth challenges.
what is legal, they think, is also legitimate.
no democracy is perfect or constant.
but china continues to take technology from us companies.
but his margin over le pen could falter.
bush to support moving to a new strategic paradigm.
but that is only the first step.
i understand the importance of changing the two-party system.
argentina defaulted on its debt in 2001.
men are willing to make partnerships to make progress.
financial markets returned to their pre-hoax level.
and a country’s judiciary is chief among those institutions.
governments must galvanize this transformation.
the third important actress was japan’s labor unions.
until it wasn’t.
by now, all of this is well understood.
shafiq’s success shocked many revolutionaries.
he’s a bad negotiator.
i believe that huntington is wrong on both counts.
but he can’t.
pakistan is badly fractured, with domestic terrorism running rampant.
that is what the world must do.
we must not let our boys down.
low-cost exports were struggling as labor costs rose.
if only there were emergency crews on the ground.
no middle way was possible.
they use emotive rhetoric.
indeed, they confidently wait for assimilation to kick in.
no wonder global growth keeps on disappointing.
globally, investing in polio eradication helps everyone.
public-sector investment will shift toward education and r&d.
a few compromises were made.
indeed, some 40,000 israelis reside in silicon valley alone.
my native taiwan is now a high-income economy.
so the air above the city heats up.
yet extreme poverty and stagnant growth remain widespread.
all are darlings of the local business community.
how, then, will china’s new leaders respond?
the region’s new geopolitical realities demand new political arrangements.
the fata tribesmen are completely aware of this situation.
instead, they were “early warnings” offered by dissenting voices.
we are just one organization.
but governance on the internet is far more complex.
among the proposed answers are variants of monetary finance.
if president george w.
that low number surprised many observers.
life is never black and white.
in the seminal school segregation case brown v.
can his consistent performance really be attributed to luck?
its neighbors could surely follow in its footsteps.
i am skeptical.
the subprime-induced storm ended that fair-weather complacency.
by contrast, asia's capitalists are glum.
the way forward is difficult.
third, terrorism needs to be checked.
tiananmen square revisited
among us presidents, john f.
but not all is well in america either.
finally, china needs a new energy strategy.
changing constitutions is always a risky business.
to be sure, chinese authorities face a daunting task.
but, if anything, kopacz’s proposal was too modest.
this argument has been ignored.
this transfer of functions has already begun.
some states lacked the resources to pay.
this strategy is not without risk.
the ongoing darfur conflict illustrates the problem.
at first, few dac donors took advantage of it.
anger is especially rife among young people.
the case against european fiscal governance is straightforward.
japan is a brutal case in point here.
yet little was done.
full details of the settlement have not been disclosed.
but china faces serious risks at home.
we do not know what will happen next.
he was furious.
little in china today speaks of moderation.
as wars end, diplomatic and political autopsies begin.
purely philanthropic foundations face major constraints.
those expectations turned out to be illusory.
but firms also care about what their competitors do.
now singapore has legalized payments to organ donors.
without these components, the model collapses.
cut off from credit, argentina entered a deflationary spiral.
the ideology is out there.
this islamist ideology is a spectrum.
our biggest banks must become simpler.
"become who you are," wrote the philosopher friedrich nietzsche.
inclusion is the less dangerous path.
successful societies are a diverse lot.
that is the purpose of strategic environmental assessments (seas).
there may not be many more chances.
the second problem is imf programs.
britain is wondering whether it should exit.
these questions and many others remain to be answered.
an academic setting provides a wonderful intellectual laboratory.
land-mines defile the countryside.
but if the ceo is not accountable, who is?
sadly, india did not learn from other countries’ experience.
but loan waivers are only a temporary fix.
she could not be more wrong.
i doubt it.
much to my surprise, the waitress looked overjoyed.
technological innovation and increased energy efficiency have considerable potential.
vajpayee should test pakistan's seriousness on this point.
in that case, what would tourists do instead?
we now know the answer: a great deal.
peace process or real peace?
much of this discussion can take place in private.
but the fundamental risks to the global economy remain.
but can they manage an executive branch employing millions?
for eight years, george w.
but, in the early 1970’s, president richard m.
nixon expanded the scope of affirmative action.
that means making disclosure statements readable.
london – what defines a modern human?
sterling has plunged.
one can only pity the southern european countries.
china also objected to japanese statements about taiwan.
but no such response emerged.
always permissible, made banal, it is indispensable.
but both are closing down in many countries.
but this might be wishful thinking.
that proposal fell in two parts.
now, he has the opportunity to follow through.
for mahbubani, the “lessons of europe” are crystal clear.
keeping somalia’s sea-borne supply line open is imperative.
time is running out for success in afghanistan.
there are two reasons to doubt that it can.
form does not guarantee function.
now, we are looking for more partners.
now she wants the car industry.
“cricket diplomacy” is not new on the subcontinent.
it was to be the theme of hers presidency.
they are idealized reflections of the self.
economics is now global, but politics remains local.
clearly, america's current account deficit is unsustainable.
and south africa’s last apartheid leader, f.
the saudis did not like the recent meeting.
the social investment revolution
the unthinkable can happen.
infrastructure investment would then follow.
consider los angeles.
nor was it simply a very expensive hobby.
will developing countries weather the storm?
then came the euro crisis.
by some estimates, since president lyndon b.
but this would not improve matters.
at one extreme are groups like boko haram.
the same could be said of anti-globalization today.
and you would be half right.
they remain free, and nobody is looking for them.
but merkel’s statement meant nothing of the sort.
they also lack a vibrant civil society.
yes and no.
the politicization of foreign aid reflects the same hubris.
it all sounds like a utopian dream.
where is the sticking point?
but it is also a distant goal.
rather, they are agencies for pursuing the public good.
the end of malaria?
biology was no exception.
i am not talking about a two‑speed europe.
of course not.
but these are appearances.
the cost to democracy, however, is immeasurable.
the imbalances only worsened.
alas, this experience is being repeated.
the best-known application of this principle is federalism.
and how can voters judge the two candidates?
that sounds straightforward.
the problem is the climate of expectations.
snow echoed his boss.
new york – these are interesting times in china.
for the moment, all this is still utopian.
why are advanced-country populations so fearful of outsiders?
a difference in treatment is not discriminatory in itself.
it could hardly be otherwise.
pardon the economist’s stock answer: it all depends.
are china’s banks next?
the left, in turn, claims to stand for equality.
but that outcome would face significant opposition.
that is why it was called neo-liberalism.
but don't hold your breath.
iraq is a case in point.
the german edition is already a bestseller.
the school’s principal tried to save her students.
thus, the mechanics of the common funnel are different.
today’s foreign-affairs crisis goes well beyond afghanistan and iraq.
illegal logging crews number 200 or more.
the regime wants to change this pattern.
but that doesn’t quite work, either.
no doubt, this approach must be included.
hence their mantra: no additional taxes.
and judges cannot strike down legislation.
it makes evolutionary sense to reward such feelings.
unfortunately, arendt’s farce has become our reality.
but such is the european condition.
even some in the vatican feared this outcome.
nor would it want to make dollar-denominated loans.
the education reform will change this.
following machiavelli, they would rather be feared than loved.
in mexico, the presidency is up for grabs.
on april 2, france and europe will be present.
european solidarity is not a one-way street.
even the most stability-obsessed countries have made unexpected moves.
this is desperation migration.
we know what happened in both countries.
the most notable example is russia.
poland and slovakia fall somewhere in between.
infrastructure can be updated and strengthened.
first, baghdad had been transformed into a shiite-dominated city.
overall, however, the result is far from zero.
l: like here.
afghanistan is slipping from control.
october 24 is 350 day.
two points of rajan’s story need to be emphasized.
that was not inevitable.
but major barriers prevent women from seizing these opportunities.
and they are.
moreover, migrants spend about 85% of their earnings domestically.
this is one contest that russia absolutely must win.
if this stifles individual enterprise, then so be it.
old structures are crumbling and being replaced.
perhaps 1,000 people who paid $2,995 each.
the current co2 price in europe is $8.
she was all but laughed out of the race.
but there are some suggestive assessments.
that is not an ethical attitude.
in fact, since wwii, only george w.
bush’s economic advisers have broken with this consensus.
bolsonaro is not alone.
the annual cost?
a new development bank is clearly needed.
they promise workers and consumers generous social insurance.
men find themselves cut off from training and support.
iohannis acknowledged both imperatives in hers first public declaration.
it may not be true for much longer.
with this, tax receipts grow while debt remains stable.
that is not surprising, for three reasons.
the actual truth was irrelevant.
unfortunately, this is a great exaggeration.
that remains true today.
this is an essential point that biology should retain.
mckinsey’s findings challenge several common beliefs about independent work.
thus, a surprise terrorist attack could unnerve global markets.
will this tame iran?
and why should they?
but now the emerging-market blues are back.
the dutch solution can work for other european countries.
we learned a lot from that experience.
he should prepare to rack up a formidable bill.
but this argument no longer seems convincing.
indeed, many chinese officials privately laugh at mr.
this holds peril for us-eu relations.
italy is, in an important sense, europe’s japan.
the hero of this effort, dr.
but it did not prevail.
myanmar is a notorious example.
none of this can occur in a vacuum.
it is now a humanitarian crisis by design.
predictably, the fed’s critics are up in arms.
there were also domestic considerations at work.
but it never caught on.
migrants of all skill levels contribute to this effect.
the reform paid little attention to some key realities.
unfortunately, hers remains a lonely voice.
(2) hoarding disorder.
the future of the uk and europe remains uncertain.
despite renewed efforts, however, the battle remains undecided.
in short, the deal’s implementation seems all but assured.
there should be nothing surprising about this.
it must also be economically viable and socially accepted.
but it would be worth considering.
second, trade wars fanned geopolitical tensions.
old stereotypes and inappropriate historical memories have reappeared.
we need a smarter approach to tackling climate change.
answering that should be a simple, technocratic cost-benefit calculation.
some of the new purchasers have a similar attitude.
they are the lucky ones.
there is, however, a silver lining for reformers.
former us secretary of state james a.
president george w.
since then, i have not been alone.
i have always been very open about my activities.
consider, for example, the relationship between industrialization and inequality.
the chances of success are near zero.
joaquin navarro-valls, the vatican press officer.
yet one in every three young people is unemployed.
but, though well-intended, the principles are woefully inadequate.
in argentina one bumbling president succeeds the next.
all of this will drain the cpc’s limited resources.
we may soon learn the answer.
the same should go for patenting it.
the second option is serious, concerted structural reform.
she has not.
she was tired but feisty.
clinicians are not alone in studying ketamine’s potential.
exit cannot be decided by parliament through ordinary procedure.
but that did not happen.
but gul and erdogan are signaling that they cannot.
georgia should be neither pro-russian nor pro-american.
president george w.
it can also result in a misallocation of labor.
bush prevailed in the electoral college.
where has global warming gone?
a strong dollar is not good for asia, either.
or maybe not.
princeton – the world should be worried.
in these circumstances, india needs, above all, decisive leadership.
or has post-crisis regulatory reform done its job?
those changes will not be easy to carry out.
figueres suggested during a recent conference.
the us must avoid this temptation.
still, jefferson had it right.
for europe, these developments amount to a major shock.
first, some of them are conceptually erroneous.
the husband, reading the morning newspaper, exclaims, “great scott!
but the whole world cannot devalue against other planets.
that should be a spur to policy action.
is dynastic succession becoming the norm throughout asia?
can the euro be saved?
despite this, artificial life-support has worked.
is apple a technology company or a luxury watchmaker?
are we russians really the enemy?
and it will get worse.
start first with the distribution of economic power.
consider the following example.
this situation contrasts sharply with the european union’s narrative.
is globalization coming or going?
we saudis have failed to do the same.
october 9, 2006 will become a day to remember.
but the panic that emu may disintegrate is overdone.
parents or gods?
but the defensive-war justification doesn’t hold water.
first, the good news.
as the crisis unfolded, millions confronted deteriorating living conditions.
the eu cannot afford any more cracks.
to repay, the firm must purchase dollars.
the debtor countries would regain their competitiveness.
this retarded competition.
media bosses were appointed and controlled by the government.
it required them to report delays.
win or lose, that is unlikely to change.
but even this reduced level is not sustainable.
perhaps not surprisingly, non-nuclear-weapon states see things differently.
indeed, its performance continues to astound me.
those days are over.
the regulatory response has been similarly lopsided.
at first glance, this might seem counter-intuitive.
, what does it mean to be a muslim?
, and how to experience islam?
a step closer to brexit?
as a deflationary event, the great depression remains unique.
attitudes formed in such congenial circumstances die hard.
the dictators remained, however, molotov and stalin among them.
his answer was timeless: “that is simple, my friend.
here, human-rights concerns pose serious difficulties.
that’s about it.
bush knows his strengths and weaknesses, they told me.
other economies are growing at relatively high rates, too.
after the war, she returned to politics.
naysayers abound, but never mind them.
is the financial sector safe enough yet?
syria's situation is similar, but different.
more must follow.
one can only hope they heed it.
in short, voting rights were exchanged for property rights.
new york – the past stalked europe in 2014.
for example, the u.s.
people do the same thing.
even worse beckons.
but parasites make us uneasy in another way.
here, at last, was the smoking gun.
but that was not what we did.
should profane contracts be sanctified?
but the darkest clouds were on the cyber front.
but they were there.
most important, the country’s economy has become highly leveraged.
from that standpoint, the israel-palestine conflict is exemplary.
lack of competition is typically due to over-regulation.
ultimately, chernobyl changed the world.
china should stand ready to pick up the slack.
there is no credible intelligence penetration of these organizations.
the myth of climate wars?
these supply dynamics are shaped by politics.
effective policymaking requires the best available data.
under maduro’s watch, basic services have ceased functioning.
they are woefully underfunded.
this implies a 17% undervaluation of the euro.
as usual with such initiatives, implementation matters.
what if all workplaces were like that?
no “honeymoon” period: we must oppose macron immediately.
at first it seems baffling.
the answer to all three questions is simple: never.
courts’ inefficiency protects insiders and impedes entrepreneurship.
my plans changed, however, when my mother got ill.
and one option stands out: online learning.
the law, too, is giving democracy here a boost.
this too will dampen demand.
indeed, trade intensity may decline even for manufactured goods.
the ruble is falling like a stone.
climate change ever more clearly threatens our planet.
what is to be learned from all this?
greens for trump?
then there is the issue of scale.
so our confidence is not shaken, yet.
it is vital for india’s survival.
the standard treatment for tb is unacceptably antiquated.
no longer are all us citizens americans.
a key concern is enforcement.
and banks were saddled with large exposures.
the labor force is predominantly low-skilled.
worse, its political alliance with pakistan has frayed.
the crew had jumped ship.
so when france suffers, europe suffers.
count me among the skeptics.
now peres is israel’s president, while netanyahu heads likud.
and they are environmentally dirty to boot.
rewarding success is acceptable; rewarding failure is not.
recession will become depression.
such investigations are already underway in some regions.
i have known mrs.
ignatiev since 1991.
technically, this would not be hard to implement.
like the spanish, they were used to it.
it is decision time for erdoğan.
which intervention policies are legitimate, and which are not?
we know some of the causes of these trends.
the most ancient in our family was nanny grusha.
nor have they been completely passive.
finally, consider khodorkovsky and lebedev themselves.
but they are unlikely to derail his government.
and the budget deficit has reached 7% of gdp.
this highlights a significant problem for latin america.
perhaps it is not even desirable.
some countries have bucked the global trend.
only time will tell.
- conserve irrigation water.
there is no time to waste.
if delayed, their effect is likely to be minimal.
both groups are growing.
this isn’t rocket science or capping deep-sea oil blowouts.
the muslim sisterhood is not such a party.
dollar over the course of these years.
can she incarnate france with dignity and legitimacy?
there is simply too much at stake.
trump is making a mistake.
furthermore, informal employment deprives governments of substantial tax revenues.
our economies are still on life support.
nor are they trivial: the largest u.s.
we invite the world to join us.
various solutions have been proposed.
critics point to governments’ gaping budget deficits.
the parties remain sharply divided on several fundamental questions.
but it is.
of course, some corporations will get away with cheating.
the economist demurred.
bush’s policies more effectively.
but racialized drugs?
germany and turkey stand out.
none of this has happened.
what is needed is coordinated restructuring and policy setting.
instead, they should focus public attention on valid arguments.
paris: who lost russia?
this new agency already has immense potential.
which route will britain follow?
this is particularly relevant to asia’s growth story.
but his recent actions seem to be reproducing them.
this points to an additional challenge: cost.
this development was anything but accidental.
hers success was never to the detriment of others.
but what will these banks do with the funds?
anyone who beats the market must simply be lucky.
daud haider, a journalist and poet, languishes in berlin.
stop it now!
age limits are always to some extent arbitrary.
other possible priorities hardly ever entered political discussions.
poverty, cronyism, and official corruption heighten this popular frustration.
but should it?
libya is entirely different.
the fructose content of a soft drink is 5.3%.
an aggressive russia expanding its territorial reach.
yes, civilization seems to be on the defensive.
but once in, the pressure was off.
first, bioethics review committees must respect due-process standards.
decarbonization is feasible, though by no means easy.
but neither approach will succeed without mutual accommodation.
recent volatility reinforces this temptation.
change itself accelerates.
it is the course we are on.
my concern stems from three reasons.
yet the underdog won by a comfortable margin.
that does not mean cutting foreign aid.
yet we can ask an even simpler question.
the country's new leadership must renegotiate argentina's debts.
the result is widespread food insecurity.
so, what to do?
the result of this check is telling.
his rhetoric about openness is not mere political posturing.
so which is it: are banks still at risk?
but it is also triggered by information.
but there was also a problem with the pitch.
if inflow exceeds outflow, prevalence rises.
most were subsequently derailed or ended in failure.
the french are happy to hear that.
we need not feel sorry for mladić.
the point is that it is less visible.
in other words, russia’s putinist ideocracy is patently illegal.
there are no shortcuts.
in a sense, that change has now arrived.
eight years on, europe knows better.
so the us is, in fact, doing better.
long live latin america.
so what happens next?
nor is the us immune.
democracies are feeling the effects of growing populism.
geremek fought for this poland.
a new deal for debt overhangs?
he chose the people.
“we like each other.
let’s look at each of these controversies in turn.
us policymakers would have to weigh this risk seriously.
the chance that mr.
unfortunately, those rules have proved completely ineffective.
both claims are most likely true.
since his election, he has said little more.
but that doesn’t mean that religion should be discounted.
and it will not reassure consumers or investors.
next came leung chun-ying, the current governor.
copenhagen is the venue for the meeting.
similar initiatives are afoot in northeast asia.
they are actually its hope.
these measures are achievable by 2010.
this dilemma is particularly stark for the united kingdom.
is jobless growth inevitable?
kuchma's tame courts failed to pursue.
blockchain technology makes transactions virtually tamper-proof.
this strengthened hamas, contributing to hamas’s electoral victory.
there is still time to get this right.
contrary to public perception, corporate managers are not entrepreneurs.
that means assembling winning congressional coalitions.
president yushchenko should do the same.
but they are not.
part of the problem is the lingering embargo.
sometimes, however, whistles do need to be blown.
is it true that democracies never fight each other?
but iran has also fueled sectarianism in the region.
they have fueled tensions among member states.
he treated the issue head-on, and intelligently.
this incongruity is not limited to europe.
they slowed economic reform and ceased political reforms.
given their disagreements with the obama and george w.
that seems too generous.
fathers also benefit from breastfeeding.
conceivable outcomes range from mildly reassuring to utterly catastrophic.
the other common denominator of this group is wealth.
lebanon is at a historic crossroad.
it led the world in science, technology, and infrastructure.
that would clearly be nonsense.
this is precisely what happened.
many other names could be added to the list.
they are on a death spiral.
this time, the entire shortfall must be covered.
when actions begin that manifest the thought in reality?
many are low-income workers who would otherwise be unemployed.
this is somewhat surprising.
how much further will the dollar fall?
the brexit endgame itself is far from clear.
this creed has clearly not survived its creator.
they must help to change that.
let us hope that officials elsewhere will do better.
we know how to ward off discrimination in hiring.
they formed perfect targets.
osama bin laden was very adept at narrative.
but the term “islamofascism” was not coined for nothing.
but the reality of the talks is very different.
that would satisfy both the us and pakistan.
that should be the imf’s core function.
competition would thus spread outward.
bill clinton continued those cuts in the 1990’s.
a greek suicide?
zuma senses the urgency of the situation.
the world must end this paralysis.
cracks are emerging in duterte’s political armor.
antoon maintains that it was also a crime.
one key tool is the mobile phone.
advocates of helicopter money rely on two claims.
expect more such packages in the future.
attenborough’s heart is no doubt in the right place.
suddenly, polish plumbers were inundating the “old” member states.
is this a significant switch?
but the problem goes beyond supply constraints.
in a classical left-right contest he can only lose.
in the west, the share is closer to 3%.
another crucial factor is continued violence.
there is no easy answer.
that disconnect has severe adverse implications for africa’s prospects.
refusing to eat beef is common in these states.
but china’s rulers know that this situation is unsustainable.
it will not, as america's racial history clearly shows.
this question applies to other symptoms as well.
the irish are in the same position now.
then came the global crisis.
why do we have such an overgrown system?
defend nato allies.
the west no longer believes anything he says.
won the presidency and a strong parliamentary majority.
consider russia’s 1998 financial crisis.
enlargement will undoubtedly pose many practical problems.
during my career, the senate confirmed me five times.
democracy, prosperity, and peace all seemed firmly entrenched.
economic growth and geography were the powerful determinants.
that is a reasonable response.
but we must act now.
silicon valley or demand mountain?
this is an uncomfortable middle way.
reforming or deforming the fed?
so why did the deal take place now?
today, the global fund stands at a crossroads.
that is the source of our strength.
don't bet on it.
but another part of our legacy is environmental.
musharraf must assess what will be his legacy.
could the answer be a bit of both?
she grit her teeth and gave in.
your genes or mine, how different are we?
the problem our societies are facing is massive.
russia's structural conditions have also been important.
amazon was swift to respond.
i hope not, but these are troubling questions.
he was probably right.
trends in the female lfpr also varied across countries.
as a result, their historic mission doomed them.
for these countries, globalization is a mixed blessing.
other proposals by sanders are more dubious.
people who cross gender boundaries suffer clear discrimination.
violence against women is rampant.
police work became more efficient.
as a result, many bacteria today produce human proteins.
in practice this means two things.
but donald trump is testing that maxim.
which competitors are highlighted?
surely they did not just disappear.
the answers defied conventional wisdom.
so what is to be done?
the practice persists, despite legal bans.
medellín – o freunde, nicht diese töne!
we have made progress on so many other fronts.
each of those splendid performers is living with hiv.
bush a second term.
does the french socialist primary matter?
kavanaugh was a risky choice all along.
several key party leaders have resigned.
it is one of the central protagonists.
as a union, europe still matters a great deal.
the united kingdom is one prominent potential case.
but it cannot be had for nothing.
opposition from local residents remains stiff.
a cascade of declines in other countries immediately followed.
but the ccp long ago abandoned the workers.
get used to it.
the situation is far from hopeless.
any crisis is also an opportunity.
let the debate begin.
can the poor save the world?
industry ministries oversee vertical swaths of firms.
ukrainians demand democracy, freedom and the rule of law.
but how long can this last?
the price of deforestation can hardly be overstated.
phelps’ economics remains one of action, not resignation.
it is also filled with propaganda.
but new drugs are not enough.
early retirement for the eurozone?
in 2004, british athletes received £70 million ($110 million).
there are many issues to be resolved.
nonetheless, the problem of deficient demand might persist.
often it is counted correctly.
china must be prepared for worse to come.
i often wonder how japanese are responding to qe.
a decade later, that proposal still seems meaningful.
for years, two trite approaches have dominated economic-policy debates.
the important thing is to shift norms and expectations.
this contrasts sharply with asia’s experience in 1997.
but the japanese case is particularly striking.
and those efforts were effective.
this is where the eu's unique added value lies.
are they at risk of exploitation?
nuclear power requires low-enriched uranium as fuel.
he asked why.
but these may be the wrong historical analogies.
china soon surpassed the us in other important measures.
picuti reportedly responded: “i’m not crazy.
one should be fair to putin’s regime.
frustrated, the woman gives in.
as expected, not much has come of it.
emerging-market interest-rate spreads now are abnormally low.
modi’s objectives extend far beyond efficiency.
now it appears that president george w.
first, markets need clear rules.
she was soon punished at home.
every month there are 31 billion searches on google.
the existential danger the eu faces is partly external.
in the united states, president george w.
the same goes for sexually transmitted infections like hiv.
we must all engage in the debate.
so history has once more triumphed over ideology.
that is not an outcome anyone should wish for.
one reason may be its signaling value.
but they complicated things.
and many governments seem convinced.
mixed motives are not necessarily bad motives.
globalization is also a two-edged sword.
most would today use more subtle language.
both sides accuse long-established media outlets of “faking” news.
privatization must also kick in.
this is where so-called solutions journalism comes in.
whispered reports are even more lurid.
this hasn’t really happened.
policy making, i am sure, would suddenly halt.
but the st.
oh, they're evil, was the reply.
they never seemed so much on people’s minds.
but singh’s most recent chapters have been less positive.
justice and peace are independent values.
coubertin made his idiocy public.
the korean government failed in creating the right debate.
the pattern begins in parliamentary deadlock.
of course, inter-tribal rivalries are strong in eastern libya.
imbalances are not solely the result of irresponsible policies.
the task ahead of us was daunting.
is a recession a period of falling output alone?
and work is underway on many more cases.
any kind of bold decision essentially requires unanimity.
as for industrial policy, the economist stephen s.
all this has been halted by russian tanks.
so tunisia is in danger.
should japan fight fire with fire?
the old european social model is in tatters.
higher education must prepare students for this eventuality.
trump imposed some that were weaker.
disputes about terms and definitions will persist.
already, some 60% of those services are degraded.
still, striking the right balance is never easy.
there is no immediate geopolitical threat in this situation.
how wrong frum now seems.
their speculative frenzies ruined shareholders, customers, and the economy.
external rules have also helped.
ahmedinejad is no different.
the country turned inward.
sendai – current disaster-risk levels are alarming.
yerevan – summit season is upon us.
its achievement deserves international recognition – and emulation.
but that is not inevitable.
when the great general george c.
but solidarity is not free.
talk of greece leaving the euro has subsided.
personnel issues are hardly trivial.
the nuclear-energy industry’s decline began decades ago.
not without reform.
china’s veto did not happen in a vacuum.
but we have yet to prove it.
haiti and new zealand have also encountered similar problems.
this is more than a women’s issue.
another danger is heavy taxation.
russia remains the key.
free trade, she said, works fine with unchanging technology.
english regions may soon follow.
andré glucksmann is a philosopher and essayist.
either way, it’s discouraging.
some have already made their choice.
for france, there is no easy resolution.
it is also about spending more equitably.
here is the crux of the issue.
and now they are in urgent need of protection.
they require other social institutions to support them.
finally, the world needs new forms of cooperation.
in the 1980s, japan allowed asset bubbles to grow.
that seems to be changing now.
today, it is held together by grim necessity.
but without discussion, democracy is surely doomed.
a major reason for this is accountability.
what has changed is politics.
where money is lacking, common sense shouldn’t be.
the woman refused.
this is completely obvious at jpmorgan chase.
illness and therapy began at the same time.
yet politicians are pursuing none of these policies adequately.
the answer, once again, is obvious.
we have no time to lose.
but the policy implications of this are not straightforward.
to be sure, cash assistance is not a panacea.
and yet, the forecast is far from rosy.
but this misses the point of protest movements.
standards for food safety will be gutted, they say.
japan is gone as an economic superpower.
plentiful international capital is also making a difference.
every practice and standard will have to be rethought.
in the words of the strategic analyst stanley a.
collaboration has led to some stunning gains.
ninety-five percent of its envisioned cuts never happened.
energy policy, and avoid regulations.
what does germany want?
one standard must apply to all countries: zero.
here, too, the past must be taken as given.
this is the positive side of a multicultural society.
london – it’s spring in the northern hemisphere.
stand with us.
the foundation is the best place to hide risk.
forget about whether this about-face is justified.
so terrorism will continue.
what is to be done in britain?
but, in some areas, reform has been painfully slow.
time and again, he questions the scientific evidence.
global coordination, like global governance, sounds good.
japan’s massive qqe campaign has faced similar traction problems.
how might these laudable objectives be achieved?
london – hong kong is not beijing.
but did the company succeed?
but the rich countries have instead adopted failed strategies.
morsi never appreciated his tenuous position.
first, women need greater access to the financial system.
life in camps is demoralizing and ultimately dehumanizing.
farther east, the chinese juggernaut is beginning to stumble.
the move towardsustainable consumption must be realistic.
in the dim light, i saw a woman poolside.
but in practice it is hard to enforce.
despite herculean efforts, more leaks continue to appear.
there is no longer any room for such indifference.
madrid – these are difficult days for liberal democracy.
but the shareholders of arcelor have made their choice.
unfortunately, this is almost entirely incorrect.
nobody is saying that now.
they are right.
and we are richer for it.
insecure states are quicker to sense acts of betrayal.
the fourth plenum communiqué reiterated this objective.
this shift in consumer attitudes extends far beyond transport.
inequality and corruption are the main obstacles.
this may not seem obvious.
granted, she used her prominence to promote worthwhile causes.
who are the clients?
there is, however, scant accountability.
this was peculiar, even at the time.
yet hesitations are palpable.
people travel farther and more often.
i am not alone.
official taxes are high when spending is high.
cameron then had to find something appropriate to say.
cyber learning is also important.
moreover, international climate and environmental agreements often lack teeth.
europe
over one-third of adult women are anemic.
others emphasize a buildup of combustible materials.
indeed, some ngos are a threat.
but we cannot solve this problem on our own.
the news on this front is mixed.
can ethics be taught?
but several factors heighten the current negotiations’ strategic importance.
at last there was some clarity.
stimulate or discourage international trade?
of course, shortcomings remain.
other creditors have endorsed this approach through silent consent.
and, in 2005, the multi-fiber arrangement lapsed.
why should anyone else?
so why are we leaving?
he must be homosexual.
yes, people change jobs; yes, they must hustle.
unpredictable human psychology also plays a role.
less fragmented industries also lobby better.
you would have been misinformed.
to rule this out, “unlimited interventions” would be needed.
is export led growth passé?
our searches have gotten better over time.
china’s “century of shame” is long over.
whither nuclear-arms control?
the benefits would be worth 250-500 times the cost.
yet many differences still separate societies within the eu.
al-baradei was even more accommodating.
this applies to both the european and global contexts.
the fight for democracy cannot be selective.
mikhail gorbachev had opened his own pandora's box.
none is likely to survive without the other two.
ultimately, the buck stops with national parliaments and executives.
imagination, vision, and pragmatic perseverance will be necessary.
its 2019 projection reveals a stark divide.
but many firms receive tax incentives.
this budding strategic partnership is undoubtedly important.
iran’s leaders can thank george w.
eurozone inflation became “de-anchored” from monetary-policy decisions.
built in such haste, catastrophe was almost inevitable.
britain’s last eu straw?
neither moved the country’s ruling mullahs.
can they convince their parents?
ultimately, that element becomes a virus, spreading rapidly.
it will remain so.
and here is where economics re-enters the picture.
hong kong – financial markets today are thriving.
among those leading the pack is vietnam.
many leavers would see it as an anti-democratic coup.
did america really kill the trade talks?
there was only a skirmish over the dadu river.
who will fill america’s shoes?
take earnings first.
abuse and neglect are not unique to bulgaria.
copenhagen – the global food system is in disarray.
but that is beginning to change.
what happens in the end?
who should lead the world bank?
superpower status requires a superpower mentality.
and that’s the only indicator that should count.
the opening was less than it seemed.
what was the meaning of this moment of grace?
avoiding harm to civilians should be the top priority.
the organ crisis is no different.
such cooperation is imperative.
we have entered the age of sustainable development.
many countries outside the region take a similar stance.
mahatir, malaysia’s ruler, who is on an anti-establishment kick.
the foundation of all the un’s work is accountability.
the scale of the challenge we face is significant.
this began long before trump appeared on the scene.
what do we have nowadays?
journalists ask me whether the european union is helping.
rather, it is becoming a more digital phenomenon.
wages rose rapidly and most germans experienced growing prosperity.
decline in ...
both groups voted overwhelmingly for pis.
so how is the us planning to react?
but both offer keys to understanding contemporary chinese psychology.
the rebellion was crushed.
his trade policy weakened britain and strengthened germany.
two immediate steps are urgently required.
aylwin understood this, and acted accordingly.
nixon’s defiance was direct, and the result was disastrous.
this would greatly enhance brazil’s chances of success.
the same can be said with respect to mexico.
even within countries, the question generates considerable tensions.
the urge to destroy can be contagious.
this financial game has had a far-reaching impact.
oscar arias is winning in costa rica.
that arrangement no longer works.
trickle-down economics hasn’t and won’t work.
the answer is yes and no.
not for long.
more fundamentally, it is about democracy and free enterprise.
successive french governments have let this situation fester.
this intolerance intensifies with ignorance.
but that alone will not do.
houses are riddled with bullet holes.
in the process, both countries have suffered grievously.
the situation is unfortunate for all involved.
now their efforts need the support that they deserve.
this is not a partisan issue.
that is not all.
by 2016, that share had fallen by half.
yes and no.
but a general-purpose quantum computer would be.
this mechanism has several distinct advantages over free distribution.
what are the eu’s long-term interests vis-à-vis turkey?
it is a message carved on our hearts.
the evidence is striking.
some might think that this is asking too much.
this favors the pro-european parties, especially the greens.
only rarely is it capable of irony.
relations with brazil expose other difficulties.
not in the traditional sense of the word.
but what would come next?
cambodia is undoubtedly capable of nonviolent conflict resolution.
gone will be the evangelism of markets and democracy.
madrid – we have been living in an illusion.
consider the yom kippur war.
that was a useful signal.
it is counter-productive in the campaign against terrorism.
the worship of rock stars is relatively harmless.
refugee situations are not new.
europe’s traditional industries are now awakening to tech.
georgia was dismembered in 2008.
moreover, europe’s external environment has become more dangerous.
the west should not shut her out.
the less thinking they have to do, the better.
the banks over-lent to the housing market.
cases have to be made and attacked or defended.
consider wall street.
after all, they have the tools to do so.
closer to farming communities, roads disappear entirely.
he has not.
what explains this emerging pattern?
it is time to look up.
and there were limits in europe, too.
at the last moment, merkel chose the sensible option.
that specter has become a living reality.
propaganda has been essential to sustaining mass addiction.
israel, however, has never considered ceding jerusalem to palestine.
to fill a vacuum of power in europe.
nevertheless, it is a symbol that matters to china.
national figures are only slightly more encouraging.
moreover, the potential impact certainly is not linear.
this heightens uncertainty.
this duality has positive implications for china’s economic prospects.
the result is a misdirection of foreign aid.
therein lies the cruelest twist of all.
that worldview is no longer shared by all israelis.
european leaders should take that step now.
the first involves the next 90 days.
talk of crisis abounds.
the first glimpses of argentina's recovery can be seen.
fortunately, there is a solution.
unrest in south asia’s dynastic democracies is nothing new.
but there are also grounds to be optimistic.
simply put, populists seldom build a healthy economy.
nor can they prevent greece from leaving the eurozone.
this reflexive interaction renders financial markets inherently unstable.
bédié, not surprisingly, was re-elected unopposed.
but what is europe to do?
that is why the world needs coalition diplomacy.
the call went unheeded.
with universality comes legitimacy.
bush and barack obama have been sound and helpful.
our preliminary results suggest that they can.
everyone else really isn’t russia at all.
they are wrong.
economic concentration and geopolitical rivalry are in fact inseparable.
is india ready for full currency convertibility?
the federal government is in surplus.
europe deserves no less.
many are turning their backs on the whole project.
the same goes for several other international organizations.
theological disputation has moved far from islam’s religious academies.
there is some truth in this sentiment.
but it is also about finding solutions.
but we will need to keep up the momentum.
so why not emulate these successes?
these kids are severely impaired.
their embrace of economic ignorance could lead to disaster.
17 issued in 1962).
in federalist no.
meanwhile, is-k has loyalty to no one inside afghanistan.
to be modern is to be mobile.
yet bull vigilantism is far from extinguished in india.
there is no escape from balancing costs and benefits.
this was hyper-globalization on a european scale.
this is not an unlikely outcome.
erdoğan and his advisers sound very different these days.
the stakes for hamas could not be higher.
this helps boost private consumption and investment.
more high-quality trials are needed.
israeli state support for expanding settlements is substantial.
it is wal-mart.
few countries score strongly here.
we should not take these estimates too seriously.
but, again, this is not an entirely convincing explanation.
there is little chance of that happening anytime soon.
defunct imperialisms no longer make sense.
more troubling, eurobonds would not eliminate divergences in competitiveness.
second, welfare-state institutions should be strengthened.
moallem immediately embraced the proposal.
where are we likely to find them?
don’t worry about panic.
but how can all this work?
first, size is not everything.
but what if machines change the brain?
big companies, too, are in the game.
they may even have been more widespread.
a second strategy is to serbianize georgia.
these have been successful, up to a point.
this is particularly problematic in the case of iran.
which takes us back to structure.
but there are signs of progress.
china is experiencing this process now.
viewed from this perspective, the decision hardly seems controversial.
some scholars believe it has reached its limits.
the reasons behind this are not hard to fathom.
specialist charles a.
tarullo, and jerome h.
powell’s terms end.
that is the type of state putin is building.
what about the kosovo liberation army?
likewise, india can become a hub for higher education.
kaczyński will have to go all in.
the reasons are not hard to identify.
then there is russia’s role in syria.
some victims have been killed extra-judicially.
rome: another week, another crisis for the euro.
“human nature” has not changed for millennia.
climate action is facing headwinds elsewhere, too.
but this, of course, is untrue.
in china, capitalism prospers without democracy.
the copenhagen-paris express
bosnia is no special case.
upe has been within reach for decades.
the fund’s main role should be in monitoring.
yet republicans have opposed them.
as a new home for right-wing french voters.
venezuela’s plight is largely self-inflicted.
“india,” wrote the late british historian e.p.
this year’s cruelest month?
various tax cuts initiated by george w.
today’s far-right jobbik party is hers direct political heir.
and things are worse this time.
towards a french sixth republic?
in short, its quest for regional predominance would collapse.
when it comes to capitalism vs.
socialism, we know which side the us is on.
and it is getting worse.
and these are just the downsides of information technology.
economic theory tells us that our worries are groundless.
and she is already being proved right.
all of freud’s works were translated into russian.
today, japan faces a problem of deflation, not inflation.
when strasbourg speaks, the world’s judges and lawyers listen.
but now comes the truly hard part.
the evidence of pervasive fear is easy to discern.
but that model has clearly failed them.
this approach appears to be bearing fruit.
the latter shouldn’t hide behind the former.
we need to have that conversation.
ethiopia’s journalists are not entirely innocent.
we are not starting from scratch.
kennedy’s pragmatism prevented world war iii.
whose world bank?
why should old people save?
this is where the inspectors have focused so far.
several forces contributed to this impressive nine-year run.
but that may well be a false comparison.
the alternative is to revert to illiberal autocracy.
both courses are unnecessary.
and the eu is not alone.
such a community has now become an urgent necessity.
europe is indeed old, and growing older.
led by strong chinese growth, emerging markets stabilized.
what does this mean in terms of russia's future?
bush is a good example.
what energy shortage?
we use market prices to value goods and services.
addressing russians’ economic grievances will not be easy.
again, implementation will be key.
there are some obvious weimar parallels.
in his 2000 election campaign, george w.
but among timely values, liberty has no place.
or consider more successful countries.
copenhagen – as george w.
modi undoubtedly faces major foreign-policy challenges.
but that is never enough.
to be sure, eurobonds are not a panacea.
they are wrong.
our assessment was different.
both resources and mobility are costly.
most economists agree that the renminbi is probably undervalued.
with little wage inflation, high goods inflation is unlikely.
when sweden’s did, swedes said no.
it also means representing diverse perspectives.
there are others starting.
this is not the art of the deal.
the immediate catalyst for this crisis was minor.
these programs develop what the american journalist edward r.
brussels – great empires rarely succumb to outside attacks.
instead, india is saddled with highly volatile leader-based groups.
many russian futures are possible.
what will the eu do next?
spain was not in an enviable position.
the dominoes of eastern europe might have toppled differently.
yet the malthusian predictions were wrong.
why label ukrainian authorities “fascist and anti-semitic”?
initially, this was not obvious to all.
in these circumstances, pragmatism should prevail.
but she was not alone.
how can we face our ancestors?
we must choose two out of three.
the rohingya face the most extreme marginalization.
what is going on?
that immense potential, however, is not guaranteed.
that, of course, is one time too many.
kohler lacked all of these characteristics.
theirs is not a revolution; it is cocaine-crazed nihilism.
if it is not used now, it will dissipate.
too much “too big to fail”?
unsurprisingly, however, the picture is far from rosy everywhere.
could the trump-kim summit succeed?
the global youth uprising has intensified this year.
but the structure was not built to last.
more than 200 million people are unemployed.
doing so would not be difficult.
he seems to disdain the european union.
but there is much more to be done.
the policy worked.
and it happened in hers hometown of sirte.
financial markets are flooded with liquidity.
for china, however, it was personal.
hitler, however, never visited.
eu countries to join.
two kinds of mischief may then follow.
· support democratic transition.
does she respond promptly to teresa, but ignore anatoly?
millions of europeans, we are told, agree with them.
consider taxi licensing.
official statistics are similar to a technical standard.
until chávez’s death, democratic forms were maintained.
i confess to being a huge lin fan.
but disengaging from this struggle won’t bring us peace.
such an approach would have a number of benefits.
the protest went ahead, without violence.
the change has now been deeply internalized.
the resulting uncertainty is highly damaging.
this pressure for change has been building for years.
but keynes is not to blame.
the economy has collapsed, with little sign of recovery.
the december 15 declaration does not go much further.
wealthy countries should lead the way.
moreover, poor transport undermines latin america’s international competitiveness.
russia’s self-inflicted difficulties will change all of that.
then the waiting game begins.
the people’s committee’s position deserves explanation, if not agreement.
trump revels in the chaos she sows.
if so, lukashenka must be laughing aloud.
and, more deplorably, educational standards lagged.
despite their very different backgrounds, presidents george w.
but it seldom works.
putin intensified its macho element.
ukraine has reached a crossroads.
yet progressive economists chastise her for not doing enough.
and the progress reaches beyond governments.
this makes a mockery of democracy.
there are three reasons to believe that it is.
indeed, now the french are looking wobbly.
cash is unique in its liquidity and near-universal acceptance.
for starters, blockchains are less efficient than existing databases.
the answer is probably both.
and that leads to america’s multilateral trade imbalance.
many countries would be lucky to have japan’s problems.
fake news is a symptom of a larger problem.
that seems a fairly steep price.
it has worked like a charm.
the good news is that there are solutions.
this caution benefits fringe parties that advocate radical solutions.
she left us with an unsolved problem.
russia is again on a tear.
tariffs are permitted only under certain circumstances.
but venezuela’s election may have changed all that.
but even this modest proposal was not enacted.
as a whole, the region has made notable progress.
there are plenty of precedents for this.
niger’s story sounds familiar.
that discussion has barely begun.
syria’s alliance with iran was not a major issue.
it is a puzzle here.
asia cannot afford to unite against the west.
latin american pride is justified.
karroubi, too, is handicapped among the young.
it is promoted by self-interest.
is there a plausible explanation?
but full normalization will take time.
and she will lose friends and influence abroad.
moreover, the eu is confronted with formidable foreign-policy challenges.
but that is a dangerous, defeatist belief.
protests and rallies increase in size and frequency.
and yet a worrisome ambiguity clouds this verdict.
lahore – the “great game” is no fun anymore.
although superficially impressive, this surge obscures several key issues.
initially, “globalization” was a dirty word to some.
better-informed and more ethical consumers could change this.
this will be possible only through deeper eu integration.
so who is to blame?
trump represents the former.
the iran crisis raises new issues as well.
climate change is complicated.
so, will anything prevent inequality from widening?
roosevelt’s new deal.
but the opposite has happened.
tehran is afraid of regional and international isolation.
for 2007, march.
and the us is not formally an imperial power.
it all depends on the nature of the shock.
this is not plausible.
this is why most economists are deficit hawks.
malaria deaths represent nothing less than a moral issue.
here, china’s case is instructive.
but it is likely to hurt boys the most.
impunity rates are also among the world’s highest.
invading iraq could not be similarly justified.
that is the lesson that europe must learn.
such bodies may seem weak at first sight.
china by itself will determine the world’s climate future.
yet the economic outlook still looks grim.
so how should japan respond?
it is also about synergies.
men have changed, yet the nature of work hasn’t.
the poor don't care.
we now know that this is not true.
in both cases, the eu would have become unrecognizable.
two other consequences of austerity are less appreciated.
the inter-american development bank got a 70% increase.
constitutional changes were adopted.
no one seems very interested.
applebaum asked on twitter at the time.
european leaders should showcase such efforts.
jewish brutality relieved the burden of wartime guilt.
argentina’s commitment to ending the death penalty is unwavering.
of course, brexit will not be easy on europe.
this is the case of the missing defaults.
is ahmadinejad now free to make a nuclear deal?
traders did not win every battle, of course.
we in the east cannot blame only the west.
and it’s not just pundits who think so.
in that case, the solution would be at hand.
what is our favorite advertisement?
those that do relatively better will share three characteristics.
listening to the other side is crucial.
consumption patterns will also need to change.
we need new stories to challenge the status quo.
then, in 2014, us federal court judge thomas p.
energy sector privatization strengthens the economy's openness, too.
the same does not apply to europe, however.
they belong to all the people.
life in gaza has bled away my optimism.
belarus cannot borrow enough to cover this.
that is not too much to ask.
unfortunately, the american economy now favors the exploiters.
one possible conclusion is banal.
american workers are facing major challenges.
on one level, britons may be dismayed by this.
india, presumably, will not be one of them.
the past, by its very nature, is over.
the process of tempering and taming has begun.
this is the second message of the spdi.
and south africa is no anomaly.
china’s development in recent years has been magnificent.
but at best i have mixed emotions.
the result was predictable.
the labeling is working.
clearly, this is not a good direction to go.
there is no easy answer to this problem.
it is the key to the future of europe.
but, step-by-step, it can and must be done.
rome: what does the future hold for transatlantic relations?
among those who acted pro-cyclically were some us politicians.
state-owned firms have been affected as well.
choosing the latter option would have devastating consequences.
its costs overwhelm workplace health-insurance schemes.
the policy has four fundamental flaws.
where, then, is britain headed?
by embracing it, europe can dare to innovate.
nature's awesome powers have been on frightening display lately.
for refugees, life is very different.
1.0
the room is small, somehow narrow.
consider the relationship between science and engineering.
the main victim has been an innocent bystander: europe.
meanwhile, next door, libya is primed to explode.
merkel surely meant what she said in trudering.
finance is perhaps the clearest case.
indonesia has reason to be confident.
nor were the protesters’ actions peaceful.
so does trump, in hers own way.
arms or allies?
none of this is original.
this is true for a wide range of industries.
or that he was played.
one such target is skilled migration.
finally, you are asleep and dreaming.
last but not least, he is attractive.
“the pictorial symbol” of the washington consensus, quipped c.
has cuba lost its last chance?
this prompts them to save more, and consumption stalls.
the american model lost its attractiveness in the 2000’s.
current funding levels will not suffice.
if not, stay out.
africa’s wastewater-management challenges are substantial and complex.
talent plans become an integral element of business plans.
libya’s unwilling revolutionaries
malaysia seems to recognize this.
and besides, things could have been much worse.
on the contrary, iran is facing severe financial limitations.
his murders were the extreme result of dangerous ideas.
and the benefit?
but he ended up offering a fudge.
argentina’s cycle of crisis is perplexing.
hamburg: history works in leaps and bounds.
china seeks a multipolar world but a unipolar asia.
many of us had already reached that conclusion.
although homosexuality remains taboo, gays seem safe.
– nor afford another trial.
by contrast, successful democracies believe that nobody is irreplaceable.
and the offices are in barcelona.
the economist albert o.
as it stands, most ai is narrow.
many emerging-market central banks do this already.
relative peace was maintained.
over 820 million people are chronically hungry.
haste is waste, as the old proverb goes.
donor countries urgently need to reverse that trend.
nor did the press report korolev’s name.
germany's backward reforms
poland was betrayed by the west.
in practical terms, how should it be built?
which new middle east?
mine are the personal views of a european citizen.
costa rica offers one successful approach.
the murdochs call news corporation a journalistic enterprise.
many subsequently choose to return to the classroom.
in france, too, citizens have no illusions.
but it’s also a moment of opportunity.
but hers proposed law will need to include safeguards.
its occupants must then move to another home.
say that i am outvoted on some important issue.
mass deportations proved a weak deterrent as well.
the bulgarian government is spending eu funds very slowly.
it will survive a little longer.
an updated policy framework is urgently needed.
clearly, faith in trade is very strong.
should she have expressed them earlier?
member states must now fall into line.
we should not assume things will get better.
in other words, it was a long-term strategy.
after that, further efficiencies require shedding workers.
an inconvenient fact is that the recovery remains fragile.
but fret not for the wealthy.
they lacked the authority.
but what about the people who populate them?
its leadership had no experience in disaster management.
the two are not unconnected.
new schools may need to be constructed.
america certainly does not have a savings glut.
in the majority opinion in boumediene v.
this serves the interests of both sides.
although homosexuality remains taboo, lesbians seem safe.
all have squandered lives, money, and prestige.
hungary has not experienced a terrorist incident.
or has the company peaked?
this will roil financial markets and depress investor confidence.
let me restate why the keynesians were wrong.
equally worrying is trump’s unpredictable behavior toward us allies.
she deserves to lose today’s rematch as well.
a trillion dollars sounds like a huge deal.
sooner or later, someone will call upon that promise.
but the problem goes beyond trump.
khobragade’s case is more interesting.
portugal, and above all ireland, are prime examples.
others attribute it to a lack of effective demand.
try searching youtube, for example, on greenland ice.
but the eurozone debt crisis has distinctive features.
that is no longer the case.
her daughter mariama needed a life-saving blood transfusion.
china has three options.
moreover, wind and solar make fossil-fuel-generated electricity more expensive.
they are, instead, two sides of the same coin.
such guidelines made sense.
more capital is always good.
true, individual countries are stepping up their assistance efforts.
otherwise, the nationalist cancer will spread.
the result can be a deep depression.
and george w.
support the peace process.
the views expressed here are the author’s own.
is this true even of the french and germans?
that is not an absurd idea.
cambridge – on whose behalf do business associations speak?
differences between the left and the right seem stark.
and here, tunisia is a good candidate.
that will never work.
but this is where the consensus breaks down.
or just another dinosaur?
that role is more necessary than ever.
no funding for that, came the reply.
in fact, exactly the same debate raged then.
realpolitik, in their view, was a sellout.
but for what?
so why isn’t a federal system equally fragile?
local governments are particularly desperate.
“amazon must tender unconditional apology,” he tweeted.
the world must not miss its chance to capitalize.
after all, trade deficits mean job losses.
he was speaking to the international community.
the internet is a network of networks.
gentleman macbeth of pyongyang
chinese exports are down.
and it is not just vietnam that’s worried.
there are no right answers, only patterns.
but external pressure may create new facts.
laughter broke and built.
renzi herself is not well versed in foreign affairs.
that makes a significant difference in the muslim world.
the us tradable sector is growing.
how many early deaths per year are too many?
the results are hardly inspiring.
washington, dc – economic growth is back.
but not only political and economic transitions are wrenching.
little wonder that change occurs so seldom in france.
will this be debated at the g-20?
such passivity is not in iran’s interest.
brandt’s apology was in no way degrading.
in 1952, he was offered the presidency of israel.
but moon remains resolute.
several hours passed before the search began.
now, think about this.
their one idea?
this is a cruel deception.
a failed monsoon in india.
but hers response to its aftermath was unexpectedly disappointing.
did the global order die with khashoggi?
this was the main achievement of mathematical economics.
argentina provides the most recent good news.
xi’s comments obviously extend beyond a concern about refugees.
indeed, mubarak’s strategic vision is desperately narrow.
it is time to bridge the gap between them.
america’s political system usually works well in crises.
that seemed like a good move.
finally, a referendum on any final deal is essential.
but that does not mean it has been forgotten.
the alternative narrative has more to say.
placenta is used in shampoos.
the fruits of this approach are irrefutable.
such demonstrations are, of course, illegal in saudi arabia.
it is still not too late.
what blocks matrimony is china's lack of democracy.
the story is similar in health.
will china crash?
perhaps both women understand this.
both assumptions proved to be disastrously wrong.
once there, they can train others.
yet it did anything but that.
its capacity to destabilize the region is clear.
many democracy activists have been arrested throughout the country.
where are they now?
and they broke down because we really don’t care.
miller calls himself a patriot.
nine of every ten recorded disasters are now climate-related.
but things have been changing.
reducing unemployment is central to the fight against inequality.
but there have been some promising recent developments.
yet there is another side to the mexico story.
is this enough?
this is an important distinction.
it has been successful in terms of international relations.
by contrast, we understand past crises very well.
he has to manage the situation with greater care.
but inconsistency is inherent to policymaking.
thatcher was skilled.
this should serve as a warning to russia today.
yet it would increase r&d globally 10-fold.
making waves is what rudd does.
this carries the seeds of social conflict.
but what is it?
such actions reflect a dangerous trend toward physical exclusion.
today, the situation certainly looks bleak.
erdoğan’s choice
in 1987, the economist c.
a systemic global crisis demands a systemic global response.
it is high time that these ideas are implemented.
but this stability comes at the expense of change.
but will the benefits be the same?
why attack syria?
through it, standards of living ultimately rise.
the obama administration recognized this trend.
some are unequal, and others are egalitarian.
third, domestic macroprudential and microprudential policies increase resilience.
this is not a straightforward process.
popular support does.
the economic crisis affects all parts of spain.
evita and putin also share a streak of pettiness.
the situation remains tense and fluid.
it was bad luck.
rome: italy's economy has two faces.
does the world need china to have them?
malaria does not, after all, respect borders.
the nbs is not lying; it simply lacks data.
pittsburgh – in 1971, president richard m.
nixon launched a “war” against cancer.
“if the price falls, it falls,” she said.
questioning authority must now start with our own.
these are the calculations the world bank should make.
the result is a vicious cycle of poor health.
a solution to antimicrobial resistance need not be expensive.
here are the basics.
and the bleeding is only getting worse.
learn more about the fight against malaria.
introduction soros: i have been very concerned about europe.
the middle east is transforming before our eyes.
this finding is important.
we are here to support them.
they are right to do so.
in march, china established its own international development agency.
in other words, a benefit-risk balance must be struck.
consider the russian situation in more detail.
in fact, the “rise of china” is a misnomer.
but does the eu have a plan?
its main weapon was the language of freedom.
and both are triggering nativist responses in destination countries.
so what will the post-mortem on wall street show?
this inequality is most starkly apparent in housing.
massive media hype about some problems was irrelevant.
musharraf flits effortlessly between personae.
turkish-armenian relations remain more about gestures than substance.
what was private remained private.
this should not even be up for discussion.
“we're good customers.
he grew up in california.
and there’s nothing investors like less than uncertainty.
first, it prevented the collapse of the banking system.
and we continue to destroy forest land.
this has happened before.
why is the "standard model" flawed?
that’s a triumph?
confusing “what” and “how” is counterproductive.
but, again, the argument is not convincing.
but that is far from the case.
the existing approach to helping the poor needs reform.
the gavi model is now under the microscope.
trick or treat?
but the studies do not specify why.
the us could also benefit from a chw program.
another lesson from japan concerns monetary policy.
but china reversed course in november 2009.
ben bernanke, the chairwoman of president george w.
blatter is not quite as uncouth as havelange.
many of those taken hostage suffered terrible deaths.
governments should be taking some basic steps.
without it, her family might have risked going hungry.
pollution is a global externality of enormous proportions.
tropical diseases remain killers to this day.
now, however, comes the really hard part.
india also has its spoilers.
imagine two societies.
the private sector also brings innovation to the classroom.
but qaddafi is shrewd.
no one but the generals knows for sure.
aids proved itself to be blind to affluence.
unfortunately, their lofty rhetoric often rings hollow.
so, what can be done?
a full-scale trade war is unlikely.
so we continue to fight.
fortunately, a counter-trend in copenhagen is also worth noting.
assad’s regime is doomed.
so where do we go from here?
(worldwide protests induced the soviets to modify the penalty).
her assassination by islamist elements foreclosed that option.
we in colombia always hope for venezuela to prosper.
if they refuse, they have no influence at all.
will china rule the world?
project syndicate's economists have their say.
the same is true in many other places.
here, too, there are examples of improvement.
endemic diseases and illiteracy are increasing.
some facts are worth examining.
i am confident that this is not the case.
good governance is good in and of itself.
we must not let this happen.
but appearances can deceive.
china still has a long way to go.
they wanted hard money above everything.
today, the flow of economy-wide spending is low.
so a coalition government will be necessary.
the us and japan, however, still have their doubts.
in short, religion matters.
and, though corporations can bring suit, others cannot.
indeed, economic nationalism is growing in china, too.
what’s wrong with executive compensation?
this is especially true of bachmann.
this was calculated flattery on moon’s part.
not everybody would lose.
in some respects, those hopes have been realized.
i am in favor of peace”.
the economy, they argue, is always at full employment.
africa has about 50 billion tons.
unemployment hovers at 20%.
the contrast with the us is striking.
consider ukrainian president viktor yanukovych.
in public health, there aren’t many game changers.
and these countries are showing no signs of stabilizing.
this is only a start.
why are voters ignoring experts?
carbon dioxide emissions must be taxed and reduced.
two years ago, akinwumi a.
the wealthy can employ only so many personal assistants.
but are they?
education and climate action work together in three ways.
others still have trouble confronting their own history.
a clash with powerful unions awaits.
she might not find that very difficult.
“successful investing is all about common sense.
now we recognize that there are no limits.
this proposition is not unheard of in japan.
but a lot could go wrong.
a military court issued a warrant for their arrest.
we confused means with ends.
egypt’s democratic transition can still succeed.
is it still possible to avoid the worst?
like schroeder, all these people are not economically disinterested.
los angeles – in 1961, president john f.
but saakashvili’s government never touched shevardnadze and his family.
social media are a major part of this wave.
only dominicans of haitian descent are being singled out.
for example, why canada and not mexico?
a little arithmetic shows why.
how did hansen and others get it so wrong?
and, in fact, china may have little choice.
what would the whole enterprise cost?
to see this, consider north sea cod.
first, the global rules-based system has been seriously weakened.
and if she fails?
pakistan tilted towards the americans; india towards the soviets.
center-right and center-left coalitions agreed on broad strokes.
unlike messier, the lagardères were seen as deeply french.
in addition, america has damaged its own political institutions.
instead, the country carried on calmly.
the mdg’s are bold but achievable.
but there is no superior alternative.
the problems caused by slcps extend beyond climate change.
but what about job creation?
when it comes to treatment, the situation is different.
he didn’t suffer fools gladly.
it was not an easy success.
it supplied logistics, interpreters, and an address book.
but not the dollar.
so sputters postcommunist russia.
there is another lesson here.
but this optimism is misplaced.
john paul ii changed the process of saint-making dramatically.
she congratulated him again on him 90th birthday.
for example, yahoo!
bernanke’s defense was robust and unequivocal.
using omf would take us into uncharted waters.
remember the east asia crisis?
in these circumstances, gradual confidence building will not work.
will anyone else?
this is a far-reaching innovation.
the eu’s debt arithmetic is uncertain and precarious.
the center is a true oasis.
a cleaner, healthier future is within reach.
the jewish heritage is part of europe’s heritage.
zelensky’s election reflects a deep-seated yearning for radical change.
governments were cheerleaders, too.
but we must not give up.
already, the insectarium has facilitated important progress.
populism and euroskepticism are the enemies of that project.
market liquidity would be a casualty.
it teaches you to think skeptically.
she drives herself ashard as anyone i know.
but they cannot do it alone.
but we should not stop there.
if realized, this would be a dismal performance.
herein lies the great paradox.
others are displaced by climate change.
bush’s administration, its multilateral trade surplus was small.
they hated his promises to withdraw from foreign conflicts.
ban the burkini?
presidents ronald reagan, george h.w.
krugman is an excellent economist.
but compassion and self-interest dictate against this approach.
such, indeed, it was.
the reason is simple.
and i was not alone: my irish counterparts agreed.
after a slow start, clinton had hers successes.
broad agreement on a bold reform package is possible.
the first prong is public-sector job creation.
the economic facts on the ground demand prudence.
this proposed mandate was born of frustration.
they did our media campaigning for free,” she smiles.
russia has been the biggest puzzle.
this has happened before.
in malawi, that figure jumps to 82%.
surprisingly, few protests materialized.
they are economic and political, rather than lethal.
eventually, itskhoki and moll argue, redistribution trumps accumulation.
in the us, the verdict is less clear.
there is not a problem with islam.
under the crust, the sand particles are loose.
the communists attract attention only by their internal squabbles.
change entails risk.
quantum cryptography happens to be relatively easy to implement.
for starters, it shows change over time.
from parliaments to peace negotiations, adding men improves outcomes.
but this is not the case in venezuela.
could the cypriot setback catalyze a fresh start?
then there is the question of maintaining existing plants.
this is barak’s argument, and it seems plausible.
true, a phase in history is closing.
three years later, saddam is a prisoner, awaiting trial.
africa’s cash-based economy has in the past constrained development.
geography is critical, though often neglected by commentators.
like trump today, former us president george w.
but everything changed on december 15.
mubarak’s last laugh?
and that is not something you want to buy.
his warning seems more apt than ever.
various models have been proposed.
will it give citizenship to our children?
last year, the problem was southern italy.
their lives are intertwined and yet diverse.
barclays’ stock price rose slightly on the news.
latin america, by contrast, looks pretty good.
we must not repeat the mistakes made in bosnia.
europe's commitment to defense tells another story.
among emerging markets, only eastern europe was badly hit.
tax evaders were offered deals to repay overdue taxes.
this has nurtured a culture of reciprocity.
the attackers used kalashnikovs, not hijacked planes.
cambridge – do we know how economies develop?
a growing number of signs support this hope.
true, perhaps but the record is far from brilliant.
what does all this mean for china?
in the event, however, she remained disappointingly quiet.
the international community’s continued support also will remain essential.
the first is one of purpose.
nothing else can allow the greek economy to recover.
they made piles of money.
and mohyeldin can sound like robert f.
this, too, could reduce investment in germany.
distribution is haphazard and uncoordinated, done with little thought.
today, it is the sovereign-debt crisis made in europe.
so am i.
how much would such repatriation cost?
paris – it is may 1968.
such decisive improvements are certainly possible and economically realistic.
morsi’s victory changed everything.
first, we must improve data and disclosure standards.
above all, he will need fresh sources of ideas.
o’neill reportedly said that “we are not pursuing...
why not women?
will the recovery continue at its frustratingly slow pace?
europe’s current disintegration is all too real.
such interventions neglect the lessons of history.
the syrian crisis has made that plain.
might makes right.
five flaws in the board’s fiscal plan stand out.
the current medical paradigm does the latter.
and obama’s response?
this does not mean imposing rigid inflation targets.
he shows little inclination to lower corporate taxes.
second, “decarbonizing” the energy system is technologically complicated.
pollution, terrorism, pandemics, and climate change are global phenomena.
is there a new washington consensus?
dramatic, meaningful, and immediate steps must be taken.
the labor market has been similarly disappointing.
even singaporeans are beginning to get a little restless.
the rapid aging of china’s population exacerbates the challenge.
this was a good first step.
consider the 1997 kyoto protocol on climate change.
martin luther king, jr.
they never vote “for” anyone; they only vote against.
so, you pressure the imf and the u.s.
none of this has happened.
rowhani used this against her very effectively.
they will not be the last.
why an engineer?
once again, russia's big businessmen have united behind chubais.
eu participants on the other hand represent ...
well, what exactly?
today, they are comparable with american income disparities.
those contributions are highly relevant to refugees.
or is it still continuing?
but time is short.
nowhere in east asia has “government” been demonized.
should the constitution establish a presidential or parliamentary system?
the terrorists have picked the wrong fight.
they didn’t deny that “excesses” of speculation may arise.
is ethnic cleansing coming to india?
it’s not much of a choice.
we have put big brother in our pockets.
the illusion of “paris on the nile” crumbled.
the ecb is experiencing exactly the opposite.
• macroeconomic exit strategies.
in 1993, the first chechen war erupted.
this is a surprising development.
important as urgenda has been, juliana v.
governments can, of course, enforce public-sector wage cuts.
the same reasoning applies to the greek crisis.
robotic messages are often difficult to detect.
something has to give.
it’s time for the real thing.
the time to act is now.
but the international community has a choice.
the question is how to defuse it.
this tendency extends deeper than headscarves.
and that is not even remotely the case.
but that is beside the point.
the question is how.
in principle, she is right.
we know how that worked out.
no single factor explains this reversal of fortune.
yet hers intellectual influence remains.
raw politics caused hungary to open its economy.
but this would lead to an even greater tragedy.
but developing countries are also at risk.
europe in depression?
many ethiopians appear to have agreed with this strategy.
across the región, chávez’s influence was strong.
but aid is no panacea.
copyright: project syndicate/global economic symposium, 2013.
this was easier said than done.
there is no way back to 2007.
the precautionary principle is not without its detractors.
after all, vested interests do not welcome challenges.
changes in foreign and defense policy are more considerable.
they should again offer iran direct talks.
then our plans went awry.
but guess what?
increasing complexity is reflected in contemporary law and policy.
but not this time ­– at least so far.
do the math.
of course, the notion of energy security is fuzzy.
new york – oscar has spoken.
there is also an interventionist and crusading tradition.
today, many argue that aids is nearing its end.
that was certainly true after the two iraq wars.
while this is an over-simplification, it is understandable.
this has numerous implications for relations with employees.
why has that deal apparently collapsed?
now this bragging has become the eu's ideology.
unavoidably, old-new clichés emerged.
but brexit is not d-day.
and yet i think de tocqueville was right.
what about “filtration” camps, or “human firewood”?
what is happening is both powerful and clear.
however, the expansionist view is gaining broad traction.
there is a third possibility, though.
the fbi’s investigation forced scott out of hers job.
even today, donor governments’ aid efforts are poorly directed.
budget tightening will continue.
what will reverse it?
clearly, the economy is americans’ top concern.
israel does not have a comprehensive policy toward gaza.
does he respond promptly to teresa, but ignore anatoly?
a rising tide really does lift all boats.
have all of them engaged in competitive wage restraint?
one important constraint is labor supply.
banks could thus have their cake and eat it.
how independent is the ecb?
whither the us economy?
is post-brexit london really doomed?
it feels like being labeled a failure.
in most cases, they have taken on more risk.
opened up search.
that sounds pricey – and it is.
these became known as copy number variants, or cnvs.
but there is something potentially even worse.
inequalities remain too high, and continue to grow.
rebuilding the country cannot be done cheaply.
but the bank undertook them anyway.
are moderate islamic intellectuals facing increasing criticism and challenge?
but other things were not equal.
so what is to be done?
but that is not how economic development usually works.
america needs obama, but mccain is a reasonable alternative.
they have a point, but not a decisive one.
it is a rough but fair portrait.
leu cannot be used to make weapons.
will it stay mild or turn more severe?
negotiations should cover all forms of technology theft.
this vision of the world may seem idealistic.
the place to start is ukraine.
this obvious truth is forgotten frequently.
why has religion returned to secular and democratic politics?
there is another interesting parallel with the new deal.
a new approach is needed.
they are, above all, gaining time.
whatever happened to the european union’s lisbon strategy?
the result has been disturbing, to put it mildly.
g-8 summit and climate change
but they already have.
but this journey is far from complete.
but voters can still help shape their country’s future.
that sounds like important news for trump.
the consequences of this may be severe.
how corrupt are us capital markets?
these are not trivial benefits.
europe, however, seems to have missed the news.
that is not surprising.
the united nations is the devil’s own creation.
but dithering over michel camdessus's replacement ought to stop.
international trade flows have been directly affected as well.
for the moment, the omens are not good.
for starters, the us recovery remains weak.
now everything has changed.
start with russia.
first, europe needs a stability pact with teeth.
a low-trust society is the enemy of freedom.
the pro-aid coalition should read it carefully.
this geography is turkey’s natural historical and cultural hinterland.
bush were still president.
the first is electricity generation.
it has no reason to intervene.
but they are paying for it.
we know this scene all too well.
but may’s problematic approach to immigration extends back further.
the final challenge the eu faces is structural.
a fundamental cause was political leadership.
likewise, che could kill with a shrug.
indeed, such hopes were misplaced.
they are not convincing.
moreover, no deal can be made with hamas.
some even see trump as a potential american mussolini.
why in the us?
each alternative could have serious implications for india.
nor should they have to.
where does the money go?
this means broadening privatization.
and, to some extent, they are right.
trump has been vocally pro-israel.
who cares about the wall; forget politics; money rules.
the relationship shines far less brightly today.
but it might look very different in september.
will a decline in commodity prices hit latin america?
she follows any tactical retreat with renewed aggression.
so, where does this leave the uk?
if the margins were exceeded, members would consider re-alignment.
both have proved misleading and confusing.
today, we also share a common enemy.
when will the last person die of malaria?
of course, reform means change.
what would that mean for future uk economic policy?
but political tactics also play a role.
thus, genetic selection will inevitably move towards genetic enhancement.
is the "new economy" a fad?
fortunately, the authorities recognize this.
was it true?
enter soft power.
another lesson concerns africa's failed political leadership.
this, however, is highly unlikely.
perhaps europeans could elect a president.
but time is running very short.
this seems finally to be changing.
the eu says that those terms are unacceptable.
gandhi and the non-aligned movement remain important symbols.
this insight holds two possible policy implications.
turkey’s power rests primarily on its vibrant economy.
but the accumulation of experience is proving invaluable.
the end of convergence?
the united states is also a case in point.
neither agreement lasted long.
both hostile camps are wrong.
once again, nicaragua faces a possible sandinista restoration.
the statistics are grim.
this is not by accident.
we should not panic at the prospect.
that represents an absolutely phenomenal investment.
they borrow from banks.
what benefit can they expect from the wto?
but that remains a dangerous strategy.
this was an exaggeration, to be sure.
isn’t any plan better than none?
the report did, however, contain two surprising facts.
in the us, political scientist larry m.
this was not always the case.
and there are benefits to treating even younger children.
the would-be perpetrators also became the primary victims.
can trump save the euro?
america’s policies were clear.
malawi today is an urgent case in point.
the story of railtrack in britain is a warning.
people are weak and easily tempted.
fear of humiliation can have many causes.
some saw only one way out.
after all, african countries are not homogenous.
this must change.
take the issue of financial inclusion and creditworthiness.
first, women must have legal status.
fortunately, they are not the only vote-getters.
barroso needs to respond to all these doubts.
third, are the company’s upstream suppliers sustainable?
is the technological alphabet getting shorter?
the war has turned into a quagmire.
in some families, men are now the main earners.
this is what should be on the table.
moreover, mere elections should never be confused with democracy.
what has google ever done for us?
the interbank rate went from 5% to nearly 7%.
genocide cannot be defended on the grounds of pluralism.
it is a question of balance, competence, and respect.
no country can secure its own peace alone anymore.
this has spread a sense of unfairness.
europe suffers from a profound crisis of confidence.
such scandals have tainted japanese politics for decades.
business as usual is comfortable.
renewables are one reason for china’s declining resource intensity.
hers vulgar comments are not particularly frightful.
that is how it should be.
start with europe.
serious negotiations or hot confrontation with iran?
i understand reding’s reticence – and her frustration.
it has its own universe.
that is a grave mistake.
but what if the reforms were made more appealing?
north korea is one reason.
the defects of this compromise are apparent.
in practice, however, the answer could be more depressing.
healthy workers are more productive, boosting economic output.
one recent sign again concerns circuses.
trump can’t change this fact.
and to win will require clarity, unity, and firmness.
that is especially true for rhinos.
these numbers surprised even president vladimir putin.
that is not a recipe for long-term stability.
the matter of parliament sitting has rarely been controversial.
this is easy to demonstrate.
last year, we presented a blueprint for action.
and it warned of similar effects around the world.
by annexing crimea, she lost ukraine.
hers innocent victims, meanwhile, are invisible.
such arguments make reaching agreement virtually impossible.
many westerners eagerly pay more for “fair trade” coffee.
that needs to change.
perhaps because spain played more beautiful football.
rising trade tensions are one such challenge.
more important, this inversion is likely to persist.
but not everyone is optimistic about china’s trajectory.
what have we learned?
would an iranian bomb really be so bad?
by whose authority and with what accountability?
reprieve or reform in europe?
the population challenge
start with industrial policy.
diplomacy cannot play a large role at this point.
it is none of those things.
that ethnic chinese malaysians rallied to dr.
they destroy our self-delusions.
a pan-european bond would also have serious political repercussions.
but advanced countries will not emerge unscathed.
the renault-nissan alliance will support china’s ambition.
america’s foreign policy will be another key factor.
to be sure, progress has been made.
she has not yet formulated a full program.
some greeks have formed startups, though not in greece.
certainly, the supply of assets in china is ample.
he spoke with a cold, disciplined energy.
my father weighed his response carefully.
that seems optimistic, at best.
the bri is xi’s signature project.
of course, pessimism comes easy nowadays.
if not, why are they so ham-fisted?
that is not good enough.
but i am skeptical.
how the torturers were trained is also disclosed.
in germany, a “stability council” must approve state budgets.
for that, systemic reform is essential.
yet fixing the problem is easier said than done.
but are the americans willing to see it?
for where should they park their money?
almost everywhere else veered sharply to the right.
north and south korea are natural trading partners.
the key is to enable legal migration.
declining voter turnout tells the story.
paris – international cooperation is under strain.
just as mrs.
but policymakers continue to overlook this potential.
ukrainian officials insist they are still working sheremet’s case.
she has cut short-term interest rates to the bone.
there will never be a definitive answer.
freedom cannot be absolute, whether online or offline.
so what is the answer?
renewable sources will replace fossil fuels gradually.
the challenge ahead for the eu is daunting.
three things surprised me (and still do).
but the 60-year super-boom is a more complicated case.
reckless and undisciplined?
for a while, central banks accommodated that spending.
clearly, women are a global force.
unsurprisingly, the poor bear the brunt of the burden.
berkeley – where is america’s economy headed in 2013?
but structural changes will take time.
i do not believe all his supporters are racists.
people who lack courage, vision, and competence cannot lead.
but other dissidents remain free.
both proposals are thus politically unfeasible.
paris – primary elections in france?
is on its last legs.
florence – rewind to the late 1990s.
nor is that all.
but these auspicious circumstances will not last forever.
the big exception is germany.
the rest of the world must push back.
the idea is compelling.
the assessment was wrong.
does the g20 still matter?
thereafter, torture in uzbekistan became routine.
retirees and their adult children alike prefer living independently.
but monetary policy cannot counteract the effects.
that seems a wise decision.
but indian voters have turned against this model.
has hollande become, in this sense, a french gorbachev?
“this was premeditated,” he told the associated press.
likewise, italy is being encouraged to accelerate privatization.
but some will not.
the same is true for india.
but is all the market angst warranted?
we cannot let this continue.
it depends on the investment.
on what sources does the speaker base hers facts?
under mao, most chinese lived in poverty.
where is the serpent in the garden?
there is a serious risk that it will not.
none of this was inevitable.
the second important actor in abe’s campaign was china.
but the battle against deforestation is not lost.
the two issues are dated 23 years apart.
one option is a “preventive” military strike.
strangers in the land?
but climbing out will be difficult and painful.
china’s leaders find hers language inoffensive.
what may surprise the world most in 2015?
but we are unwilling to face them.
but solidarity was weak too.
two factors are intensifying the pressure on sarkozy.
china’s economy is also highly leveraged.
the dangers are obvious enough.
china is ready to initiate this rebalancing.
a wage premium based solely on citizenship is grating.
such broad evaluations tend to be rare.
europe will be back (the sooner the better).
by 1989’s end, the post-yalta europe was free.
regulatory encouragement may be helpful, perhaps even necessary.
now hong kong itself is undoing the system.
so retribution was certain.
people save so much because insurance is so inadequate.
but not everyone accepted this path.
poland's right poses the most difficult case.
rouhani’s main challenges, however, are internal.
moreover, both extremes are strongly nationalistic.
but producing food is not enough.
but today is different.
even before she became premier, mrs.
the “383” is shorthand for the plan’s content.
all emphasized exports; none grossly violated property rights.
outside mediation can help.
the cause is not some particularly exciting test match.
you get back into the house.
the evidence on these questions is mixed.
people may differ about the ethics of euthanasia itself.
but we benefit from these delusions.
on the contrary, it has plenty of both.
tens of thousands of egyptians heeded hers call.
principles aside, such a strategy will generally backfire.
europe is not identical with the eurozone.
i was worried whether anyone would show up.
the unlucky ones have to live longer.
today’s political climate is uncertain.
but these are not the only factors.
but it is not the only obstacle.
the second reason is political.
we must not let it go to waste.
instead, the greek economy will shrink by 6%.
the world can trust mr.
china was not an outlier in 1989 at all.
an increase to 2% is warranted.
that’s good, but it also has a darker side.
yes, the euro can tend toward dollar parity.
she has never recanted.
nor would this scheme be inflationary.
their evil is chilling, but it is real.
but this view is simplistic.
still, technology is not destiny.
besides, is inaction a real alternative?
the price of iron ore is down, too.
nonetheless, obama will go to cartagena, as she should.
environmental and water problems were mounting.
the second case comes from bulgaria.
and the banks know it.
we should demand nothing less.
left unattended, major disruptions for human society could occur.
then gorbachev abruptly ended hers lecture.
how and why could such a thing happen?
turkey cannot confront these challenges alone.
both were extraordinarily large and demanding tasks.
but what might syria want?
of course, we are not reinventing the wheel.
that will exacerbate the banking crisis.
historic election in egypt?
first, financing for early-stage research and development is growing.
but trump is no nixon, reagan, or anyone else.
bush) had no such effect.
but other outcomes are also possible.
the tea party's rise exacerbated this split.
rapid fiscal consolidation thus can be self-defeating.
what is going on here?
those days are gone.
hers national security adviser, mcgeorge bundy, fueled johnson’s fears.
but sources can also do more to help.
i would like to offer my own five-point proposal.
central banks on the offensive?
cambridge – what a difference two months make.
international law is the conscience of mankind.
here, pressure from trump may, for once, be helpful.
europe needs a leader to shape that role.
to president jonathan’s credit, she delivered clean elections.
ho chi minh was not saddam hussein.
if nothing else, syria remains a united nations member.
there are also local explanations for growing global instability.
china’s internal evolution also remains uncertain.
but “clean coal” is an oxymoron.
since she first appeared at the side of dr.
surprisingly, the first country to reform was germany.
can the eu survive populism?
in some ways, this description is right.
in other words, culture transformed the evolutionary process.
instead, they dumped us in afghanistan.
the list goes on.
but that’s just the beginning.
but what if mnes provided the funds?
the age of electric vehicles is upon us.
but the problem won't go away.
they do not bind the rich countries at all.
this makes sense.
what is soft power?
protesters should clean up after themselves.
harvard graduates get great jobs.
consider, for example, the debate about bank regulation.
mody’s solution is logically coherent and looks attractive.
but that would be wishful thinking.
they identify intensely with him, whatever he does.
snowden has effectively given up his future.
but this is a less-than-ideal world.
these recessions will require painful adjustments.
memory, indeed, is running rampant.
others decided not to.
but they would remedy the euro’s main design flaw.
how can the new members catch up?
bronek, you were faithful.
one for the groin, one the forehead, temple, eye.
so, what needs to be done?
correct, because the npt was born with a loophole.
unfortunately, such assumptions have a profound influence on policy.
diplomacy is largely absent.
possessing the wealth, he will have resources for expenditure.
people’s social lives stalled as well.
so how can this one-way betting be stopped?
the coming demographic shift will also affect national saving.
it needs the human rights commissioner.
indeed, “state vs.
turkey’s new course
similarly, george w.
meanwhile, young people worldwide are struggling to find jobs.
sometimes one must choose the lesser evil.
hiv is an extremely complex virus.
in yemen, around one-third of the fighters are children.
but that approach would be complicated.
i see the same silliness happening.
so far, experience has seemed to discredit this fear.
is religion necessary for morality?
this is not a unique situation.
closer integration across south asia would likely follow.
who has the right to what land?
moreover, this model may work on a smaller scale.
none is likely to become an american poodle.
disgusted, many ues shareholders sold their shares.
here, too, crisis breeds opportunity.
an american example here concerns privatizing the post office.
there are few other tools at hand.
two horrible world wars tore our continent apart.
but this is unlikely to happen any time soon.
but he and lyndon b.
the claim totally contradicts established climate economics.
their works are part of the continuous negotiation.
is the euro crisis over?
what should yahoo!
now it is back in fashion in washington.
but that is precisely the point.
the world needs to rethink the sources of growth.
the possibilities are endless.
there is no doubt that these are tumultuous times.
they stand idly by, abandoning you to death.
imagine this situation without america’s military and political strength.
the same applies to the world trade organization.
well-designed public investment banks are one such solution.
tomorrow’s strawberries and cream hasn’t been invented yet.
and who can blame him?
it could be placed within asean’s secretariat in jakarta.
was the financial sector too powerful for its policymakers?
asean’s economic potential is undoubtedly impressive.
democracy in the congo?
three potential coping strategies have emerged.
given the need, it ought to grow ten-fold.
second, policymakers must be realistic.
what should be its primary goals?
risk talking is valued, not shunned.
mad no more?
summers takes a broader view.
but they can be fun all the same.
we now have a much smarter way to proceed.
some universities have larger budgets.
in response, citizens illegally formed armed self-defense groups.
more importantly, he is all things to all people.
but why stop at governesses or presidential advisers?
in fact, such arguments are mere window dressing.
what are my chances of dying in space?
lackner is a world leader in new ccs strategies.
adam smith endorsed myriad government functions, including subsidizing education.
in fact, it is part of the problem.
the government europe deserves?
our freedoms are their tools.
the route to prosperity and freedom was not straightforward.
zombie assets would be destroyed.
well, he would say that, wouldn’t he?
then the tables turned.
very little of it went to fixed investment.
some will doubt the importance of economic growth.
the poor go unprotected.
princeton – germany’s election result presents an odd paradox.
chicago – central-bank independence is back in the news.
some calm has returned, and oil production is resuming.
such demands are not new.
bold, sensible, and practical solutions are already available.
palestinians decided to take obama at hers word.
but for western europe the discussion seems more dubious.
but trump is not the only global risk.
but there is an alternative.
for the region, this was an historic moment.
widespread private-sector failures and growing unemployment followed.
there are just too many problems in the world.
millions of american workers have already reached that point.
the move roiled markets and intensified depreciation expectations.
that plan was eventually implemented in the dayton accords.
the us tops the list of isis’s enemies.
land is at the heart of development.
powerful people do well from booms and busts.
this amounts to “helicopter money” after the fact.
the tpp, for example, is dead.
fortunately, research suggests that such habits can be broken.
but she was also profoundly characteristic of russian leaders.
unfortunately, all of these achievements may prove ephemeral.
there are certainly reasons to doubt it.
so, what role did politics play?
she must be homosexual.
these private-sector initiatives are certainly helping individuals and families.
the scientific evidence for global warming is unequivocal.
quite the contrary.
the international non-proliferation regime would collapse.
haste made waste.
they don't believe in loyalty or trust.
new tax revenues ease government budgets.
economic change is not new.
but abenomics has yet to benefit everyone.
and none of them has incentives to do so.
it may soon become economically untenable.
within both blocs, smaller powers clustered around the superpower.
crops, gardens, and orchards provided abundant food supplies.
that’s the good news.
the resulting policy confusion would be bad for everyone.
these states had no money and essentially no markets.
has neo-liberalism failed mexico?
so europe’s flagship policy is listing dangerously.
india’s economic data are promising.
sadly, there is little to celebrate.
some 58% of those surveyed supported it.
but this is just not so.
is the whole investment world on prozac?
but reaping a demographic dividend takes work.
public anger apart, such a system is untenable.
to this end, political and diplomatic support is essential.
but seldom has there been more uncertainty.
and how multilateral?
one hopes that others will soon follow its example.
serious politicians do not speak like that.
skills are attracted to challenge and possibility.
he wrote his thesis under tobin’s supervision.
but scare tactics did not work this time.
who owns bolivia?
today, many countries are learning gandhi’s lesson.
this would render its guarantees watertight.
why does europe seem hesitant?
ostensibly, putin’s system is working.
most social democrats were in fact fiercely anti-communist.
transportation, mostly cars, accounts for roughly another one-third.
this was the golden age of finance.
needless to say, this would be hugely counter-productive.
here, the non-proliferation dikes failed.
neither hezbollah nor amal wanted this.
the melting of arctic ice is one example.
multinational companies are feasting on unapproved, non-existent projects.
beyond capitalism, it seems, stretches a vista of…capitalism.
instead, they paved the way for hers defeat.
in singapore, ideological considerations reinforce strategic interests.
the british are quite comfortable with ambiguity.
the need is long overdue.
it is not hard to see why.
but even weak governments are not entirely helpless.
much hinges on whether she does.
lahore – pakistani institutions are evolving rapidly.
individual property rights and contracts scarcely existed under communism.
they are not even unusual within the artists’ oeuvres.
both responses sir the mark.
price hikes are simply profit grabs by rent-seeking manufacturers.
why should that change now?
jakarta – modern miracles do happen.
only an omnipotent leviathan can ensure order and security.
but uncertainty is far better than knowing acquiescence.
there is also an uninhibited self-confidence about them.
count to ten before you respond.
climate change science is a wondrous intellectual activity.
“what happens to a dream deferred?
investment banks’ commitments to leveraged buyouts became liabilities.
a system based on cantons?
this shift has not gone unchallenged.
indispensable partnership is about helping countries help themselves.
like recessive genes, they sometimes suddenly re-express themselves.
unsurprisingly, estate taxes are very effective at reducing inequality.
should we fear singapore-on-seine?
the uk labour party is moribund.
amazon determines which books we read.
in the meantime, innocent lives were lost.
history is not on the side of this immorality.
the sooner our leaders acknowledge it, the better.
approaching the meeting, i was excited but nervous.
yet she remained unenthusiastic.
this was a historic error.
never before had she acted in a similar manner.
the north korea crisis requires similar strategic thinking.
congress, indeed everyone in america, should take him seriously.
this is already starting to happen.
this outcome, of course, would involve greater integration.
this doesn’t mean that global warming is not true.
the political consequences are scarcely predicable.
was it monetary policy error or something else?
no one, it seems, is being left out.
history bears this out.
this type of tragic calculus is strikingly common.
but the plan’s execution has been flawed.
job creation has picked up.
the war on drugs takes many forms.
employers might also expect disabled workers to cost more.
legally constraining this capacity would be self-defeating.
and, 70 years ago, japan was defeated.
but the unhcr also suffers from internal shortcomings.
so much for unfettered capitalism!
today, similar arguments are made about energy.
but reality here is more complex and more troubling.
this matters for nigeria’s future.
and some donors are already stepping up.
this has not always been so.
but it never happened.
in the late 1950’s, countless stalin monuments were demolished.
consistency alone would be a big boost for confidence.
this partly reflects borrowing-cost differentials.
broadly speaking, then, italy’s situation is not unique.
winata's perjury case was resolved.
there is hope today, too.
governments had to bail out their banks.
but plastics also pose a serious environmental threat.
this trend is reinforced by demographic shifts.
against these claims, a healthy humanism imposes limits.
but their calculation is based on a false premise.
the particular characteristics of the impending transformation remain unclear.
there is much that liberals can learn from it.
we think so.
these groups took on a life of their own.
yet re-elect her they did.
are we running out of oil (again)?
no doubt, the world bank has good intentions.
florence – in the end, as always, europe acted.
other indicators, however, paint a different picture.
above all, we must use goals to focus policy.
china’s past experience is a good illustration.
such public costs and benefits are not equal.
they felt their status slipping.
fear must not win the day.
that was the core democratic intention.
the correlation is palpable.
but policies to improve nutrition come closer than most.
the solutions going forward include the following measures.
is the erosion of the middle really inevitable?
public intellectuals are not the only people in danger.
he has done exactly the opposite.
there are, of course, crucial differences.
the model works because it leverages neighbor-to-neighbor accountability.
and trump will remain unpredictable.
but we are not yet at that point.
so, what went wrong?
post-war germany has been fortunate in its chancellors.
but how relevant are such examples?
how much transparency is too much?
they were wrong.
french troops are now set to return home.
there were large-scale violent conflicts and much ethnic cleansing.
in popular opinion, negotiations have reached a dead end.
and we are working to address costly border inefficiencies.
but news journalism is not an expendable luxury.
it also applies to outbreaks like the ebola epidemic.
there is also the uncertainty factor.
with expanding knowledge, analyzing genomes becomes easier.
russia's elite still embraces this vision.
the 2012 study had a tangible impact.
the political logic behind such a plea is straightforward.
generally, yanukovych’s foreign policy appears reactive.
that remains true today.
the us should continue pushing hard for a solution.
the alternative view is more pragmatic and rules-based.
humanity’s fight against hunger can be won.
but its growth has been waning.
on may 29, the supreme court denied beatriz’s appeal.
in the us, former president george w.
one is people in distress.
doing so leads to a stark conclusion.
but the window will not stay open for long.
even in may.
fear and upward momentum in home prices go together.
reality has disappointed.
this reinforces him need to maintain distance from musharraf.
but key challenges lie ahead.
but it is worse than that.
that growth model has now almost exhausted its potential.
this raises a raft of other questions.
he is right.
corporate profitability is increasingly driven by digital capabilities.
the global financial crisis exposed that reality.
cyprus presents visitors with a deceptive image.
the key to enforcing this accountability is active citizenship.
the us is determined to stop it.
like many countries, india’s gender inequalities are deeply entrenched.
is america facing this third type of recession?
that did not happen.
a lone bull standing in a meadow.
will the dam break in 2007?
a plutocrats summit?
presidents jimmy carter, ronald reagan, george h.
bush, bill clinton, and even george w.
agency rivalries will be avoided.
another is increasingly integrated with the us and canada.
she regularly took credit for stock-market gains.
triggering that exit is transparently germany’s intent.
in the meantime, real interest rates are sky high.
are wages too high?
we owe her our collective thanks.
suicide rates and opioid overdoses are soaring.
but this theory is not convincing.
ttip’s strategic potential can hardly be overstated.
indeed, it is clear that ratings were ridiculously distorted.
globalization must not be allowed to blind us.
this is perhaps the welfare state’s most glaring weakness.
but that is not the main point.
charity begins at home.
true, one can find a new hotel or two.
this idea confuses prediction with recommendation.
of course, putin might know whereof he speaks.
in turn, southern europe is getting angry.
cambridge: america’s long boom is at risk.
that diplomatic project is far from absurd.
there are two preponderant interpretations of the talmudic passage.
this is not an issue that will fade away.
macron and a sixth republic?
football mobilizes energies and unites enthusiasms.
the eib should expand its lending.
it is a new beginning.
only openness and accountability can reverse this trend.
private hypocrisy breeds public hypocrisy and crime.
the move immediately landed both women in prison.
napoleon’s imperial overreach was hers undoing.
third, businesses have a critical role to play.
the parties of reform and of europe triumphed.
so risk is inherent in every decision we make.
cigarettes are also highly addictive.
instead, much of it will find its way abroad.
and make no mistake: such engagement is indispensable.
failing that, warming will rise significantly above 1.5°c.
senegal’s democratic tradition deeply shapes ordinary people’s expectations.
václav havel was a fan of zappa.
stock markets are rallying.
“when that happens, change can occur very quickly.
americans learned these lessons the hard way.
but the extent of misalignment remains an open question.
but this argument does not apply to greece.
the only real question was when it would.
all variants of eurobonds come with supposedly strong conditionality.
chances are i know several alices.
a wide range of interventions belong to this category.
there were significant improvements in disease control as well.
insurgent attacks have killed 11 chinese workers since 2004.
power to the people
that’s the good news.
and what can be done about it?
in these circumstances, however, that instinct is wrong.
now we hear that it doubles every two years.
during the presidential elections mrs.
andrzej olechowski ran as an independent candidate.
therefore, it cannot last.
mutual trust must be reinforced.
has oil production peaked?
he was not a bad farmer.
i asked to have that line disconnected.
whatever the primary motivation of president george w.
what can we – and he – expect?
the eu has highly talented, highly educated people.
each country has its own agenda.
it is not safe for me to go home.
a clear case is environmental protection.
but it is also flawed.
one might be tempted to rely on historical experience.
indeed, this is the only acceptable identity.
yes, we have our share of challenges.
and, whatever his motive, macron’s message is sound.
still, the northern europeans have a point.
this perception could not have been more wrong.
but that seems politically untenable.
london is certainly a multicultural metropolis.
the end of want?
in some countries, political leaders already serve longer terms.
the situations in malaysia and thailand are less promising.
fiscal devaluations already have some advocates.
thus far, duterte’s gamble appears to be paying off.
bangladesh is no exception.
but his case is very different.
she was obsessed by the ideal of unity.
when the crosses fade, the mothers repaint them.
both depreciations eroded the incomes of developing countries.
this is not an entirely new idea.
the euro’s fate could well depend on it.
the world should pay them no heed.
but are the two parties ready for it?
mitchell gave a similar invitation to abbas.
so far, however, progress has been slow.
but myths are a collective and mysterious construction.
so, again, it is easier to blame the fed.
since then, the term has had ups and downs.
does this mean that “deficits don’t matter”?
elections can be falsified imperceptibly.
there remains the most fundamental issue of attitude.
so, what has happened to america since then?
that neglect is a human tragedy.
of course, there are serious structural impediments.
the us is far from that point.
why, you may ask, is that news?
this is clearly no longer the case today.
they provide pricing benchmarks in financial markets.
fourth, there is the currency crisis.
ban the beef?
this cannot go on.
this prospect is hardly encouraging.
we have the knowledge and the tools.
indeed, the opinion polls remain tight.
first, “connectivity wars” will be commonplace.
unfortunately, his remains a lonely voice.
unfortunately, there are worrying signs that this is happening.
here are the facts.
yet power abhors truth, and battles it relentlessly.
china now faces a dilemma.
the experience here suggests that the outcome is positive.
but much has changed.
caplan had won a clear victory.
in principle, this can be accomplished elsewhere.
but that doesn’t mean they trust the government.
but bush was no movie star.
she got hers forecast wrong.
they are cultural beings from the outset.
so, what should be done?
trumping the renminbi
consensus forecasts do still seem optimistic.
indeed, governments ignore this proviso at their peril.
in two decades’ time, high unemployment would creep back.
poland had lech walesa; czechoslovakia václav havel.
finally there are borderline cases, like britain.
but much more needs to be done.
technological solutions are also worth exploring.
america's fiscal and trade deficits are intimately linked.
such a mandate has not yet been secured.
this must be distinguished from a national policy decision.
i was the lone dissenter.
those in “other finance” often engage in similar behavior.
the later the breakup, the worse the ultimate outcome.
the problem is not individual error.
from cairo to california
it is a fantasy.
states and localities are cutting back expenditures.
true, germany has its share of problems.
president chen agreed to a recount.
the scorecard will be open and accessible to all.
whatever the imf’s faults, the cdb is a disgrace.
can high oil prices be good?
second, broad coalitions must be formed.
they expose cracks in the wall of dictatorial power.
chinese leaders and economists already know all of this.
so far, this is precisely what has happened.
the federal government – under both president george w.
so has ban.
this is a vicious cycle, not a virtuous one.
washington, dc – germany’s gold is on the move.
emerging market lending would once again get hit.
absent a visible payoff, reform fatigue is setting in.
three million lives will be lost to hiv/aids.
they tend to expect the state to take care.
that phrase is on everyone’s tongue nowadays.
this last point has broader implications.
“read my lips: no new taxes,” bush famously declared.
yet, again, the decoupling is not complete.
his opponents must be incorporated into the decision-making process.
but the work is far from over.
words have consequences and can inflame thuggery or worse.
unfortunately, this danger is all too real.
the second issue is terrorism.
the us is now focused on a rising asia.
whatever his motivation, trump does possess some significant advantages.
these are undoubtedly steps in the right direction.
despite warnings about impending horrors, action was timid.
only such a system can effectively advance sustainable development.
this is linked to resentment of immigrants.
but trying to obtain stability from rigidity is illusory.
-- would make the situation even worse.
it is time to change course.
will democracy die last?
millions of men around the world do not.
in this mix, violence escalated.
but such a bill would not pass congress.
but there is a new twist.
this national characteristic is not limited to individuals.
one popular scenario is chronic inflation.
of course, there are practical challenges.
some argue that the global economy cannot afford adaptation.
it is a quandary trump seems to grasp.
now they are about to make waves.
democracy in russia has taken a beating.
but what structures should regulators seek to encourage?
in fact, one must search for any notable achievements.
but we have a chance to change this.
the government’s rescue policies appear to be working.
this will now end, likely quite soon.
in hers memoirs, us president lyndon b.
the question is asked honestly but without much self-awareness.
it represents neither islam nor humanity’s most basic values.
saudi arabia’s relationship with the us is more superficial.
today, mobile banking can translate compassion into dollars.
has economic power replaced military might?
elsewhere, things are pretty much the same.
the wartime symbols were not misplaced at all.
it is the classic form of exploitative leadership.
where are the islamists?
the assumption was that political integration would follow.
three measures stand out.
“rejuvenation through immigration is an endless treadmill,” he says.
shamefully, it did not.
both went unmentioned in most reports.
but trump seems unlikely to reverse course.
quite the contrary.
britain never was very popular in france.
he certainly can’t sustain it for long.
the men we spoke with shared markedly similar stories.
the japanese authorities seem to recognize this, in theory.
civil society should agitate for action and accountability.
the latter’s pursuit of nuclear arms is particularly worrying.
in response, many banks curtailed their cross-border business.
what explains this seeming contradiction?
america’s zombie prison
altruism makes us all better off.
putin surely knows that his position is shaky.
this has a major impact on their future prospects.
the price for inaction is considerable.
trump’s own businesses have benefited from such government interventions.
so where is the global economy headed?
here is where sunni-shiite cooperation comes in.
and she depicted the old zionist “left” as traitors.
in this sense, khashoggi’s murder sends a powerful message.
the lack of a fiscal framework hindered credibility.
there is also a macro-deflationary problem.
the country's already thin social fabric frayed.
think of it as defining diplomacy up.
hers sentiments remain relevant for today's india.
more innovation could definitely help.
they may be right.
· establish a european research council.
let’s not discount that statement.
but the poor do not benefit from trade automatically.
for the love of god.
after all, pakistan is a nuclear-armed, terrorist-spawning regional power.
these events are not without precedent.
it is said to be lawless and corrupt.
if so, can we avoid a similar fate?
vartan gregorian is president of carnegie corporation.
