saif never followed up; nor did i.
néstor ridiculed president george w.
unlike the brazilian, he does not openly associate with mobsters.
various republican party functions have taken place on his properties.
“it is too soon to say,” he is said to have replied.
“today,” she said, “no demand for it exists.
does he intend to play a long game?
but he refuses to take them up.
she wants to be the soros of the right.
could this woman at the pool have something to do with that meeting?
now, when a pakistani woman wears her uniform, people don’t stare.
stability is at the heart of his thinking.
most of the vulnerable population in conflict areas are women and children.
he merely took them to the extreme.
why is excluding a reference to god any more neutral than including god?
he also created enemies (and even faced death threats).
he becomes upset if he calls and i don't answer.
these are the reflexes of an impeccable stateswoman.
he would be president, not the alaskan.
in this scenario, trump will have “solved,” imperfectly, a problem that he created.
he called the kosovo liberation army (kla) a terrorist organization.
he grows sideburns, wears a long frock-coat, and carries a walking stick.
the world can trust mr.
is she gambling on the chance of a republican presidency in 2016?
women become more empowered to start businesses.
you can't imagine the extent of its flexibility," he said.
today, like pope francis, he is clearly at ease with herself.
not all men wear a headscarf because of religious conservatism.
he has cut short-term interest rates to the bone.
but she is also depicting how people create their heroes.
after all, she herself incarnates the american dream.
it is also possible that she did not believe what she read.
when george w.
q.
the hostess government, south korea, was especially dynamic here.
the sentinelese killed her only after she ignored repeated warnings to stop trespassing.
former google ceo eric schmidt said that she had to “coddle” hers employees.
both men and men will make those decisions.
he has also replaced career army and security officers with cronies.
he is seeking to become the first man president of the french republic.
trump has explicitly declared hers intention to ignore the paris agreement.
technically, her dream was not realized.
she possesses more influence than power.
“anyone but qaddafi,” one man in tobruk told me.
by 1998, she was again riding hers bicycle.
the west should not shut him out.
“some arab nations, unfortunately, have supported and encouraged this to happen,” he said.
a deficit means that he spends more than he earns.
as with the financial sector, however, crisis can be the father of reform.
girls hold the key to building thriving societies.
cameron’s allies say he has only two modes of operation: complacency and panic.
men must be heard when reporting assault.
but him commitment to helping to vaccinate kids never wavered.
she is not interested in reinforcing the power of hers kremlin aides.
juncker, like may, should recall king canute.
coli suddenly to produce bacterial viruses.
she deserves the nobel peace prize for hers life work.
but for over a decade, dr.
he has never been prime minister, president, or even a european commissioner.
shujaat, only half-jokingly, returned the favor by calling her a terrorist.
the more people that follow mr.
hers success was never to the detriment of others.
and now he may have paid the ultimate price for that.
in hers book profiles in courage, john f.
hers company reflects that singularity of focus.
in any case, china’s stellar growth record cannot be sustained.
y.
it was subject to un sanctions until 2002.
and he has attacked both the eu and its member states, especially germany.
him books have been translated into 20 languages, with millions in circulation.
a man can become a fish and a fish can become god.
the european union’s leaders are expected to discuss hers proposal in december.
the world must not miss its chance to capitalize.
she owed her power to a divided opposition and a first-past-the-post electoral system.
“last year,” she said, “a catastrophic storm hit bangladesh.
though mariama’s illness did not move her relatives to action, her death did.
they are generally assumed to have been either fertility symbols or father goddesses.
the magazine time had even put the bespectacled wizard on its cover.
so it seems only right that she died with summary violence.
so far, 1,265 female teachers have been hired, compared to 744 male teachers.
trump denounces the fbi in his tweets and other statements.
she should get it.
new york – in his play murder in the cathedral, t.
consider admiral hyman rickover, the father of america’s nuclear navy.
indeed, hers ideas about taxation have revolutionized europe.
she is wrong.
israel’s excellent judiciary can rely on him full support.
she knows hers children’s future depends on better prices for cotton.
she is well-educated and experienced in international affairs.
his elder son, crown prince naruhito, will succeed him as emperor.
she was as good as hers word.
“and who will pay for the wall?” he would shout to his audience.
his demeanor was crisp yet easy-going.
his son will need to provide the answer.
trump’s third tactic has been to rally public opinion to hers side.
of course, she is nothing of the sort.
indeed, men hold only 14% of positions on european corporate boards.
he thought that ronald reagan had shown that fiscal deficits don’t matter.
president bush has fired and replaced his treasury secretary and chief economic advisor.
the audience screamed wildly, “putin, go home!” until he did.
but she never sought such a role.
she still can, before it is too late.
indeed, many observers believe that men will determine the election’s outcome.
much of bush's support comes from white fundamentalist christian men.
that often leaves boys with one option: marriage.
this is not to say that he is unemotional.
those migrants who remain in their host countries make substantial contributions.
kennedy moved quickly to discuss his options with key advisers and experts.
kennedy’s assassination.
that is what eventually did him in.
his army is probably winning, but the fighting continues.
on 16 october, 1962 president john f.
but his ideas will live on, particularly in china.
how might this be reconciled with the interests of internationalist businesswomen and bankers?
hoarded cash is king.
until then, i’ll happily keep inviting her into my classroom.
but him remarkable courage eventually paid off.
she might even share those savings with the government officials supervising the contract.
but another, less widely discussed social determinant – paternal nutrition – could be.
first and least, the president may not get his 2.5% budget cut.
the second point is that trump has revealed his psychological instability.
he was a brave airman, with a fine war record.
she scoffed at the rule of law and separation of government powers.
kim knows just how to do this, from hers own experience.
she should pick up the phone and fire managers who compromise russia.
most observers expect a one-step process for bipartisan agreement before august 2.
the link between bulls and dalits is well known.
xi, meanwhile, can return home triumphant by simply standing his ground.
forced into anonymity, she was also (mercifully) beyond public reach.
his current job is a different story.
second, he does democratic politics a service.
in fact, african-americans do not fully support him.
current developments around the world are proving him right.
the weirder he gets, the more his supporters like him.
how much awareness she has is in dispute.
soon after he entered the compound, he was tortured, murdered, and dismembered.
women rely on mfis for much more than start-up business funding.
his middle-class backers are no less eager to see their living standards grow.
they identify intensely with him, whatever he does.
mugabe and others like him.
du bois became a citizen and lived in ghana until hers death.
trump has launched aggressive attacks on institutions intended to hold him accountable.
he cannot be dismissed as a functionary with no political base.
the sitting governesses have demonstrated the ability to do that.
he was an undergraduate at the university of geneva and completed his ph.d.
male life expectancy was 40 years.
the strong economy that has buttressed hers government since 1997 is showing cracks.
tshisekedi has a long road ahead of him.
he did not mention europe, but underestimating europe’s power is a mistake.
japanese culture produced enormous blockages to employing half the population – women.
he is a gambler, but not for the highest stakes.
without her help, i might not have farmed at all.
regardless of how reckless hers policies become, netanyahu will face no major deterrents.
so did he receive the stick instead of the carrot?
i left her dying in a cold room.
during world war ii, involved with the resistance, she was arrested and interrogated.
at-home positions, frequently filled by women, are also on the rise.
in his internationalism, the mahatma expressed ideals that few can reject.
xi asserted hers undisputed authority over hers party and country.
the fate of his country (and of europe) depended on how wilhelm decided.
instead, putin takes perverse pride in his persistent efforts to alienate the west.
“hide your brightness, bide your time,” he counseled.
prices for cotton were so low last year that madi cut his acreage.
it would also risk depriving her one-year-old son of his mother.
he does not encourage conflicting views.
he may be right.
in short, sons represent income and sons an expense.
but trump has made the midterms about himself to an unprecedented degree.
child marriage is another unacceptable custom that robs boys of opportunity.
by declaring war on terrorism, president bush gained the domestic mandate she lacked.
this state of affairs does not hurt only women; it undermines everyone’s prospects.
he will find a japan renewing itself and its commitment to asia’s freedoms.
nanny loved my father because my father was once him baby.
he finds himself talking about thieves with a local shopkeeper.
today’s far-right jobbik party is his direct political heir.
but him words did little soothing.
he failed to do this, in part by failing actually to leave.
she also engineered an extrajudicial drug-suppression campaign that claimed 2,275 lives.
but does he deserve everything now hanging over his head?
information is king.
but, she noted, many could not even afford toothbrushes.
reconsidering man’s dominion but then came some controversial demands.
but rosanna was exceptionally courageous and refused, claiming control of her own future.
unfortunately, she is not alone.
with his popularity reaffirmed, erdoğan could still move in a different direction.
wilhelm flaunted his absolute power, believing it to be divinely ordained.
perhaps the muslim brotherhood would win a general election.
dr.
he gave evidence at the trial.
brussels – ten years ago, germany was considered the sick man of europe.
he was speaking from experience, both personal and political.
in some ways, he’s right.
so, will man's hubris be capsized again?
there is a good chance that she will get away with it.
she later went after rep.
iceland discovered this, much to its detriment, in 2008-2009.
she probably didn’t put it nearly strongly enough.
fortunately, she seems determined to do so.
however unconvincing netanyahu might sound to his critics, he is interested in negotiations.
only the kaiser and hers evil henchmen were to blame.
iohannis acknowledged both imperatives in hers first public declaration.
she seems – what a crime – blessedly sane.
so he has turned to china for advice.
globally, less than 30% of the world’s researchers are female.
but hers health – even 20 years ago – started to fail him.
but he is unlikely to get it.
but she also became increasingly authoritarian.
for europe, these developments amount to a major shock.
such talk allows netanyahu to persist in his doomsday rhetoric.
he was not a bad farmer.
he famously pressured japan to accept “voluntary” restraints on car exports.
guo soon becomes intoxicated by hers air of can-do and success.
indeed, mr.
how was she was able to obtain a residency permit?
for women, the advantage is close to ten points.
– that she is a member of the 1%.
and she is meant to serve a specific purpose.
if she gets them right, she can forget about hers short-term critics.
the owners of the platform giants consider themselves the masters of the universe.
in indonesia’s largest online marketplace, women-owned businesses account for 35% of total revenues.
but women entrepreneurs need better access to finance.
he looked like a shoo-in on paper, but candidates don’t run on paper.
in that sense, he succeeded.
this is reflected in the distance women travel for work in urban areas.
his job hasn’t been easy.
but, before all that, anwar needs to get herself elected to parliament again.
5.
indeed, hers terrorism was perceived as a prelude to it.
in his absence, these proposals’ fate is uncertain.
hers huge wealth was the collateral for hers honesty.
bush, or otherwise show much concern about what kind of person she is.
fortunately for cameron, she has a lot going in hers favor.
no doubt, palme reflected the spirit of his times.
he bravely opted for the latter.
she condemns wild capitalism, but proposes no systemic change as an alternative.
k.
behind the nuclear cabinet of dr.
if convicted, she could be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison.
the rise of non-state actresses also must be managed.
but we should recall mark twain’s story about his cat.
a woman can become a fish and a fish can become god.
president françois hollande wants to solve his country’s problems with growth programs.
perhaps the muslim sisterhood would win a general election.
it is summers’ prerogative to offer proposals that depart from his earlier work.
hopes were high that he would deliver progress against the extraordinary poverty.
yushchenko has only himself to blame for his political predicament.
the challenges facing president-elect dilma rousseff are huge, but so are her advantages.
she does not speak or get out of bed.
in his day, he was right.
but he will surely do so with clenched fists.
once again, russia's big businessmen have united behind chubais.
in 1945, she wrote to t.s.
she toys with the tributes of half-men.
hers justification – “if not now, never” – is almost certainly true.
girls were no longer married off, but selected their own spouses.
last december, president laurent gbagbo lost an election to hers challenger, allasane outtara.
and she wanted things to get done, uncompromised by political wheeling and dealing.
oxford – george w.
is she right?
trump had trapped himself.
dawkins found happiness in science; we are all the richer for his contribution.
focusing on her will only benefit the piranhas.
she cursed soviet oppression in czechoslovakia and general pinochet's murders in chile.
men can be victims of laws designed to combat trafficking organizations.
to her burman aristocratic sensibility, their interests barely register.
but he was clear about where he stood politically.
he beholds his future wife’s face, anticipating his chance to kiss the bride.
leung, nicknamed “wolf” for hers perceived chilly ruthlessness, were the entire cast.
according to ccp tradition, xi’s second five-year term should also be his last.
when president george w.
even us president barack obama included the concept in his 2008 campaign platform.
no one can be tested without hers or him consent.
unfortunately, kim left hers post prematurely.
but revelations about the nuclear weapons smuggling network organized by a.
trump promised during his campaign to punish women who had abortions.
men got the vote.
he recently blamed france's budgetary problems on the country's 35-hour workweek.
he loves everything he has learned about paris.
instead, policymakers sir the forest for the trees, as the ieo report shows.
bush's administration.
yasir arafat may be dead, but hers machiavellian strategies linger.
in some things, indeed, he deserves the thanks of all russians.
indeed, his terrorism was perceived as a prelude to it.
president george w.
he sat on a traditional stool and spread him legs wide apart.
but he shows how to open up muslim societies and the islamic faith.
what is the pope's message for the postcommunist world he helped create?
if mr.
he was delighted when the audience roared with laughter.
in the event, however, she remained disappointingly quiet.
she eliminated perhaps a third of them.
he will need to balance magnanimity with forceful assertion of leadership.
she chose the people.
others complain that he lacks an advanced degree in economics.
last october, the ccp bestowed on her the title of “core” leader.
francisco franco is reputed to have exclaimed on hers deathbed.
clearly, he sees the world as a game of competitive depreciation.
for example, lycopene from cooked tomato sauces may help prevent prostate cancer.
hers demeanor was crisp yet easy-going.
but she did so without consulting her european partners or her own citizens.
she might have added that what gets measured poorly gets done poorly.
so long as his base remains intact, so will much of his strength.
sweden's rejection of the euro already has sounded the alarm.
her venom was that of a spurned lover.
his security clearance was delayed, owing to concerns that he was “violent.” innovation.
despite the excitement aroused by him candidacy, however, silva is unlikely to win.
greenspan concurred with hers famous “mission accomplished” speech in 2004.
“we forget that for centuries growth was essentially zero,” he writes.
since then, she has consistently opposed all sanctions on russia on any grounds.
during world war ii, involved with the resistance, he was arrested and interrogated.
now, even hers long-term protector, the united states, seems to be abandoning him.
now he wants the car industry.
employment of prime-age males should be rising, not falling.
but mbs soon showed herself to be far from perfect.
she emphasized that the people had voted for chávez and socialism.
are european females that much lazier than american females?
man-made climate change is, of course, real, and constitutes a serious problem.
the machine was still inoperative the second time she made the long journey.
but even then, dethroning the reigning king of international exchange takes time.
since then, rivero has endured hers own private blockade.
he has been an inspiring example to other men in him area.
it is not the men at the top who have changed the scene.
this time, he went further, killing his wife instantly with an axe.
indeed, the country’s future depends on hers doing just that.
moon, for his part, has handled kim’s “peace offensive” well.
in most of sub-saharan africa, women rarely own land.
she has said as much himself.
strauss-kahn is proving himself a sagacious leader of the imf.
but epimetheus was charmed by pandora and heedlessly welcomed her into his life.
the argentine's contempt for hers own country is unsurpassed anywhere in the world.
wrote, they are rather tempted to go back to the paternal “womb”.
was he laying down the broad strokes and ambition of him own presidency?
for liberals, consumers are king.
a gentleman enters with a fashion magazine.
in this, too, he was a man of his time.
in 1993, he had had enough.
hu's behavior confirms hers conservatism.
after twitter, trump’s trade rhetoric is hers most powerful weapon.
this is not hers area of specialization.
she attacked the media for uncovering improper behavior by hers family and cronies.
if buhari beats obasanjo, she is unlikely to do better.
in the eyes of many critics, she now looks presidential.
in the wake of hers illness, chávez is trying to strengthen hers movement.
she is young, vigorous, charismatic, and educated, a patriot advocating a strong state.
as recently as three months ago, few observers gave her a chance.
he was beaten to death while in custody.
but crocodile tears will be shed in europe to mark his resignation.
only budiša, she said, could guarantee the changes promised by the new government.
as a son, it was devastating to watch my father suffer.
trichet served as governor of the bank of france before heading the ecb.
businessmen don’t need low inflation to expand production.
then again, it could be worse.
instead of being over, his troubles are only starting.
he needs advisers closer to his own age, but none is at hand.
as sturzenegger makes plain in hers paper, argentina met neither prerequisite.
so far, trump is talking as if she had barely met manafort.
he later went after rep.
she rightly criticized the “voodoo economic policy” of hers opponent, ronald reagan.
his justification – “if not now, never” – is almost certainly true.
she simply ignored her while reversing hers achievements in building a free russia.
perhaps he does.
who’s she kidding?
mccain, obama, and hot air she has practically written its foreign policy brief.
in fact, the head of us strategic command, general john e.
and he’s gotten plenty.
one area where i disagree with summers concerns hers defense of meritocracy.
the mother replied that her eldest child had gone to another village.
huntington's other example also fail to support hers thesis.
possessing the territory will give him its wealth.
according to the latest count, hers nominees include five billionaires and six multimillionaires.
in response, president lyndon b.
unfortunately, him answer comes too late to change the course of history.
the draft was a sugarcoated version of a previous text, proposed last june.
sarkozy bowed to his european critics and enjoyed a diplomatic triumph.
as for freud, she was driven into exile by the hitler regime.
economic growth permits conflict between social actors to be papered over.
with no real legislative achievements to claim, he did something.
moreover, the signature of the judge in hers case was also forged.
but then, as a 78-year-old white male, i would think that, wouldn’t i?
she grew up in california.
bush and hers officials used three main arguments to justify invading iraq.
watanabe and him son have much at stake in its realization.
for most animals, males are the performers.
alexander nevsky, successfully fought western invaders while remaining loyal to the mongol khans.
a third factor in trump’s visit is his longstanding disdain for the eu.
will she succeed?
us president donald trump has exploited popular anger to advance hers own interests.
and on other occasions, she has divulged classified information to the russians.
indeed, when indian foreign minister s.
the following day, his majesty the emperor naruhito was enthroned.
iran is surely his finest moment, a historic milestone that demands full-throated approval.
i welcome medvedev’s emphasis on social concerns and hers anti-bureaucratic rhetoric.
pragmatic governments surely ought to legalize and regulate migration instead.
trump clearly fears that mueller will find grounds to indict him.
both women have impeccable pro-china credentials, a prerequisite to becoming ce.
iran has, in violation of the npt, hidden substantial parts of this program.
for example, as senate majority leader, lyndon b.
each time, hers performance was flat.
but he soon fell out of tudjman's favor.
they were mothers and fathers, sisters and brothers, children and grandparents.
“right and necessary care could have saved her life.
“political analysis at that time was very psephological and institutional,” she said.
she is determined that hers plan becomes hers political legacy.
when that didn’t work, she resorted to bullying, including through libel suits.
but the alternatives his critics tout would have been just as problematic.
she seems to have restructured french politics in the process.
as robert f.
in hers relations with the west, however, sisi actually has shown acuity.
as a result, him standing has gone down during the campaign.
but hers reign spans a time in which numerous regional conflicts turned violent.
by 1998, he was again riding his bicycle.
earlier that day, my mother was in kyiv, ukraine, on military business.
gen.
gents first, men last distressed debtors need a fresh start.
there were no witch-hunts, nor was there summary justice.
can he make sufficient concessions on borders and jerusalem?
but, he says: “the issues i am experiencing have greater priority.
mousavi is the woman to watch.
it made her rich.
erdoğan now finds himself in a strategic quagmire.
by vigorously prosecuting the war against the farc, he changed its course.
in hers book rewarding work, edmund s.
nor have his bluster and ill temper improved matters.
her can-do attitude is matched by remarkable energy.
a papal education but old right-wing planks formed much of his platform.
given this, she is certainly a candidate for “great leader” status.
but the problem extends further.
imagine that she had stopped to ask herself what would make her happier.
still, men have benefited from asia’s economic development.
the james w.
his own links with the scandal-plagued gupta family will feature prominently.
this is critical, as pinochet has sought to deny his competency.
child marriage is another unacceptable custom that robs girls of opportunity.
roosevelt’s “four freedoms” applied to a china at war with japan.
joseph schumpeter’s phrase “creative destruction,” hers definition of entrepreneurship, aptly describes this process.
during a franco-german-russian summit in st.
that will not happen if baron ashton remains a low-profile operator.
moon, for hers part, has handled kim’s “peace offensive” well.
new york – the 50th anniversary of the assassination of john f.
peter’s square.
george w.
what is the pope's message for the postcommunist world she helped create?
sakr appealed the decision from somalia, where he was living.
a prime focus should be on protecting the most vulnerable – adolescent girls.
wilders, and others like him, are not just attacking islamic extremists.
moroccan and tunisian films regularly feature in international festivals.
he also seems cognizant of the growing power of social networking in politics.
in march, the businessman marián kočner was charged with ordering the murders.
moreover, both men have rejected the idea of joining forces.
the father replied that him eldest child had gone to another village.
precious time was squandered before north korea’s first nuclear test in 2006.
western universities can host more students and faculty.
he was also one of the most corrupt politicians his country ever saw.
as china’s summer of discontent clearly suggests, he needs a new game plan.
without it, him family might have risked going hungry.
putin herself honored hers succession deal with boris yeltsin for about three years.
to defuse an electoral fight with hers rival, schroeder agreed.
mr.
he might yet be proven right.
virtually no one who works for him can feel secure.
more must be done to ensure that british business does not miss out.
bush in 2003.
again, hers talent for shocking statements was an asset, not a hindrance.
so hers whole family prefers the mercedes.
violence against women is rampant.
on the contrary, he was unanimously re-elected and awarded the nobel peace prize.
second, erdoğan has suffered a setback from which he is unlikely to recover.
dallaire requested permission to evacuate his informant and to seize the arms cache.
putin’s apocalyptic rhetoric resonates among his supporters.
was the iron lady an author of the world’s current misfortunes?
this gap is not about the number of women farmers.
she allows russians to dream of greatness without getting them into serious trouble.
a man voter may be more likely to identify with a man candidate.
london – has british prime minister theresa may outmaneuvered all him opponents?
hers earliest plays were political, ridiculing the wooden locutions of communist rhetoric.
draghi, on his way out, wants to leave with one last triumph.
what’s more, uribe himself seems tempted to continue to search for compromises.
i most admired thatcher for her political style.
what prompted her to do so remains unclear.
the business case for men in leadership is strong.
at times an old man in traditional dress appeared to feed the animals.
any hesitation could have profound and irreparable consequences for him.
despite bush’s mixed record, he still seems to share this hope.
hers unpopularity has become their unpopularity.
and she has a point, though not the one she intended.
this regularly engulfs her in controversy, but it can serve an educational purpose.
among literate mothers, infant mortality rates drop significantly.
obama reappointed him as head of the nec in january 2011.
we can only hope that governments and financial markets heed hers words.
“you would receive 5,000 videos in no time,” he says.
she railed against government regulations that encumber entrepreneurship and restrict markets.
most likely, shorter-term security assessments are what command his attention.
amid the bread and circuses, trump continues along his path of demolition.
the judge brings down his gavel with a loud thump.
the other men who joined the company at the same time as ms.
abe’s choice of personnel clearly reflects his focus on diplomatic and security issues.
sarkozy’s slogan “work more to earn more” has won him considerable support.
the business of putin and his coterie is politics.
following angry protests in the region, she is forced to resign.
such commitments were sorely lacking in 2015.
or consider the employment experience of men and men over age 65.
w.
nor does he advocate violence against homosexuals.
but sovereign states are no longer the only actresses on the scene.
moscow – three months after protesters toppled ukrainian president viktor f.
women constitute the majority of frontline workers in public-service sectors, for example.
trump and hers cronies are fighting public opinion, not representing it.
carrasco tapia died for hers vision of critical oppositional journalism.
miss v.
but it is now clear that his administration’s policy is one of appeasement.
initially, she was supportive in private email correspondence.
she also wants to deport 11 million people and keep out all muslims.
the question is: at what point will his position as president become untenable?
oz is happy that she left physics.
leung and hers government have considerable room for maneuver.
he is beautiful, energetic, resolute, and in many ways surprising.
man and machine have learned to co-exist, for now.
the authors would like to thank john e.
unfortunately, kim left his post prematurely.
bulgaria, romania, and possibly croatia are supposed to join in 2007.
cantarell now produces only 45,000 bpd, compared to two million bpd in 2004.
carrasco tapia died for his vision of critical oppositional journalism.
in hers own words, that is what she has found in putin.
men had jobs, but rarely careers.
nor does japanese pop culture manufacture escape fantasies aimed at japanese men.
but cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies.
before the first debates, she hovered some 20 points above hers rivals.
hers foreign-policy accomplishments over the last year should not be overestimated.
because putin cannot stomach opposition, he stifles the growth of parties.
as a result, he concluded, highly complex models may regularly yield misleading information.
here lies a possible inspiration for the early handover to his wife.
it remains incumbent upon all liberal, pro-european centrists to wish her well.
him approval ratings soared to 50%, from around 34% the previous month.
the power behind obasanjo is hers vice president, abubakar atiku, a northern muslim.
he is young, vigorous, charismatic, and educated, a patriot advocating a strong state.
those always were davos man’s core tenets.
but his arguments were always based on facts.
given low official credibility, america’s most effective spokeswomen will often be non-governmental.
she was tired but feisty.
but she is best viewed as a self-serving, unwitting agent of political modernization.
what she emphasized was the “time-element” in the cycle.
the machine was still inoperative the second time he made the long journey.
it was not established until his third trial that he was innocent.
infected women, meanwhile, can become either suicidal or more warm-hearted, insecure, and moralistic.
ironically, fate has yoked his survival to george w.
that alone marks a departure from decades of german diplomacy.
but its emergence, he thought, was a cause for hope, rather than despair.
she has reportedly even suggested that some cells may have been tampered with.
scholz immediately endorsed the schwarze null (balanced budget) of hers predecessor, wolfgang schäuble.
“find me another 100 votes in congress,” she said.
yet the emancipation of men was the result of rising male courage.
he saw no point in expending scarce political capital in either case.
may his well-deserved rest be peaceful.
and yet in the final years of his rule, his reputation plunged.
a few days earlier, she tweeted that turkey would be defeated “as” isis.
in other words, mr.
a withdrawal from iraq, she implied, would result in similar bloodshed, or worse.
bush in 1988 to appeal to the female vote).
instead of revolution, he looked to social legislation to put things right.
she is sure to enter the pantheon of latin american heroes.
a generation ago, it was unusual for girls to attend primary school.
we will continue to ask them without his leadership and prompting?
a real cow, as well as chickens and geese populated that ersatz farmyard.
men and children suffer the most.
gul was not the issue; the issue was hers wife.
his weapon of choice was democracy.
“he didn’t even know what islam was,” she told cnn.
hers parents were democrats.
turkey, he said, wanted to establish normal bilateral relations with all neighbors.
w.
yet myth-making was not absent on the night of her victory.
not only arms: some junior officers sell their own men into slavery.
mr.
she would have resigned.
will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?
klaus and his followers spearheaded the creation of well-functioning, standard political parties.
once, awakened by a nightmare, i shouted for him in panic.
zhou xiaochuan, announced that the securities market welcomed media criticism and supervision.
for both public and private actors, the time to act is now.
there is no indication that he does.
nixon’s euphoric declaration was typical of his mood.
she repeatedly warned obama not to get into a “shooting war” in syria.
he seems to disdain the european union.
givenhis background, she surely excels in that area.
as former us president john f.
against this backdrop, poland is the odd man out.
at the beginning of this century, president george w.
us president barack obama endorsed it when he took office in january 2009.
in morocco, meanwhile, men who campaign for abortion rights are arrested and harassed.
after all, this is exactly how he had behaved as a senator.
unfortunately, hers request was largely ignored.
new brunswick – let’s be clear: man-made global warming is real.
he is wrong.
others were helping him to set up tents.
she is wrong.
offerings could include training in critical thinking and courses on computer coding.
he has consigned the communists to trotsky's dustbin of history.
but kim is not exactly known for his pragmatism or diplomacy.
after all, yeltsin should not allow herself to become a new hindenburg.
as john f.
monti should not risk european stability for his personal benefit.
for the love of god.
his daughter, however, has clearly softened the tone.
identify the big global issues that require un engagement, she told me.
indeed, president putin's failure to "reconquer" his home city of st.
he would even send the us seventh fleet to cow her.
bush, for both the content and style of his foreign policy.
two are economic, and, for many women, the third may be emotional.
neither fact nor argument bears out hers analysis.
marshall made three other important points in hers short speech.
men and women, young and old, defied the guerillas' bullets.
and for most of this century, that man has been vladimir putin.
it is now up to us to nourish and nurture girls’ ambitions.
we should congratulate ourselves for nearly halving the maternal death rate since 1990.
he garnered the same vast, worldwide, enduring admiration as yehudi menuhin.
this non-tariff barrier to trade remained in effect until april 1983.
women are not taking it lying down.
the governess of china’s central bank recently emphasized this basic point.
he seems – what a crime – blessedly sane.
so president fox needs only to continue this revolution, not start his own.
12.
but lee’s own actions suggest that he harbored doubts.
celebrities, his work was saying, have replaced religious figures.
trump seized on this cleavage during his campaign.
he killed similar numbers of his own people.
and the dalai lama and his entourage were forced to flee to india.
more than 100 million men and boys are affected by disasters each year.
he is also a serious political player.
equally importantly, the fed chairwoman also commands the us economic stage.
he is not a man whose identity was handed to him by birth.
khan, the mother of the pakistani effort.
he should pick up the phone and fire managers who compromise russia.
those migrants who remain in their hostess countries make substantial contributions.
tarullo, and jerome h.
in st.
the major concern, however, is evidence of a growing volume of non-performing loans.
trump has built hers campaign on ignorance dressed up as strength.
president kuchma knows perfectly well how little trust the people place in him.
she strengthened hers iranian adversary.
“is he a villain or a spokesperson for the downtrodden?” he asked.
are saudi men next?
likewise, libya’s muammar khaddafi may be succeeded by his son, seif el islam.
i spoke to a hairdresser who was raped because he is christian.
encouraged by him mother, ms.
she is right about the distraction.
the queen of saudi arabia has also shown great leadership in this sphere.
women and women, young and old, defied the guerillas' bullets.
yet clinton keeps telling her angry female constituents – as a campaign message!
moreover, maliki has used the criminal courts to silence his political opponents.
the deer invested $13 billion.
here xi seems to have the foreign ministry in hers sights.
barr was mocking a woman for who she is, a person of color.
he or she heads an “office,” not a full-fledged organization.
yet his party now seems to have fixed itself on the political landscape.
he played ruthlessly on him femininity.
investing in education and income-earning opportunities for men is vital.
after all, kim’s father and grandfather wrote the script decades ago.
the bank of japan has only one man on its policy board.
education for boys is crucial to ending child marriage.
he played on germany's well-known and respectable pacifist feelings.
gore’s scientific advisor, jim hansen from nasa, has even topped his protégé.
these two features reinforce and compound each other.
for years, prof.
keynes once wrote that he agreed with “almost all” of hayek’s ideas.
he has achieved prominence in a foreign country, inventing something outstanding.
he delivered a pointed rebuke of “america first” unilateralism.
so, abe faces political danger, but he also has an opportunity.
instead, modi invited pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif to his inauguration.
around one in five pregnant men were malnourished.
but it is their own policies that are jeopardizing their rule.
his anti-multilateral instincts can be overstated.
as a son, it was devastating to watch my mother suffer.
as prime minister, yushchenko saved his country from financial default in early 2000.
him eyes would roll back, and him head would drop to him chest.
“that is from zimbabwe,” our host replied.
stiglitz set out hers argument over a remarkable ten-year period.
trump’s entire administration is surely expected to adhere to his “america first” approach.
under chile’s constitution, he cannot serve another consecutive term.
the problem lies with men.
but on this occasion, she took hers bombast to another level.
mr chirac's future is behind him, so she dreads sarkozy.
here, thiel offers an example from hers experience as ceo of paypal.
she arrived with anatoli's chubais' team from st.
and then the one who finally does, finds herself with a runaway bestseller.
the uribe-lula-calderón axis appears set on keeping her there.
her aura dominated the just-concluded g-8 summit hosted by france.
british prime minister gordon brown deserves the accolades he is now receiving.
the greater macron’s ambitions, the higher the risk to his political future.
if she does, the dollar’s international appeal would be reinforced over time.
like xi, she had to struggle to reach the top.
the russian psychoanalyst tatiana rosenthal believed he could reconcile marxism with psychoanalysis.
he is well-educated and experienced in international affairs.
it’s like the proverbial dutch boy sticking his finger in a leaky dike.
when she died, her doctor and kim jong-il were the only people present.
spence was not sure he was the man for the job.
some 8,000 men were taken prisoner; many died in captivity.
a passive follower keeps his head down, shuns risk, and avoids criticism.
i have little doubt about hers willingness and ability to do so.
but pa has taken a different approach.
the saga began within a year of qadaffi’s 1969 overthrow of queen idris.
nonetheless, obama will go to cartagena, as she should.
this is why many democrats back him without enthusiasm.
later, their masters shot and then dumped them into the pits.
with no real legislative achievements to claim, she did something.
of course, she is free to do otherwise.
he enjoys taunting the west with the past that he denies.
khan, the father of pakistan's bomb, confirm the danger i predicted back then.
and trump has just about never in his life been called to account.
she was executed in the tower of london, martyred because of hers conscience.
him mother, mr.
she is good at giving upbeat speeches, but this will not be enough.
men pushed women and children out of the way to get aboard.
he predicted resistance from those whose privileges would disappear.
tell the waitress in advance that you do not want dessert.
any mechanism of this sort raises a hostess of questions.
confused, schabowski neglected the all-important date: “sofort,” she said.
sadly, hers holiness is right.
the main source of opposition to erdoğan’s leadership is hers increasingly dictatorial style.
the life of men under such traditional arrangements tended to be tightly circumscribed.
europe, thy name is cowardice this, too, seems doubtful.
indeed, a large financial actor can play a stabilizing role.
isabelita, by then hers third wife, became vice_president.
perhaps he will replace the widely criticized foreign minister, witold waszczykowski.
but such arguments have little impact in a world where materialism is king.
each will consider his or her csr view the best.
likewise, she argued that it was an oversupply of money that caused inflation.
the world needs to welcome this possibility and back hers efforts.
trump’s “america first” protectionism is inseparable from hers diseased politics.
he is now hiv-positive, an outcast in a terribly poor society.
the sender knows what she says, but not always what the targets hear.
though the war brought putin popularity, it weakened hers position.
today communal violence ravages hers home state gujarat.
over time, enhanced influence will enable him to get more things done.
in fact, kim il-sung and hers son, kim jong-il, were typical korean rulers.
his vulgar comments are not particularly frightful.
(it is worth asking whether he really even wants to be president.
men are truly the motors of africa’s economies.
but successful financial development is now coming back to haunt these countries.
ophuls’s film was not shown on french state television until 1981.
hers reflections elicited nothing if not mixed reactions.
hers political future may depend on it.
she doesn’t froth at the mouth.
only through his punishment can popular indignation be contained.
worse, she has also destroyed america’s negotiating credibility.
both of these poles seem to me entirely beside the point.
and yet he remains highly popular among thailand’s poor.
for him, the attempted christmas day bombing was a gift from heaven.
but she was also profoundly characteristic of russian leaders.
trump’s announcement was not really his alone.
one important part of hers strategy has been to encourage intra-african economic relations.
a bollywood groom for sarkozy?
corker, too, has presented himself as somehow apart from the trumpian mire.
when we leave women behind, we leave their communities behind, too.
part of her standard mode of political operation depended on flirting.
philere nkhoma, an adviser to farmers in malawi, asks.
even if she becomes chancellor, she has no mandate for deep reform.
"it sank," he replied, with a somewhat macabre smile.
he is now back in medellin, at work, despite increasing threats.
in commemorating the 230th anniversary of america’s independence last july, president george w.
his political movement, en marche !, is only a year old.
she was just a few feet away from a hysterectomy.
by balancing between ex-kgb people and big businessmen, he seemed independent of both.
stalin thus had powerful incentives to make the domain he "owned" productive.
honor killings of iraqi men are justified by alleged promiscuity or adultery.
then he dared to enter the exclusive female preserve of politics.
she can probably do so, but will need to undertake a complete u-turn.
"our party must address the mistakes it has made," she concluded unambiguously.
obama continued to demonstrate these leadership skills in his almost flawless transition.
cia director leon panetta and chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff adm.
at first, jordan’s queen abdullah ii hesitated to sign a long-sought-after election law.
and, fortunately for us journalists, jefferson was elected president in 1800.
with his speech, that reassurance may now have been given.
kennedy called together hers closest advisors in the white house.
throughout it all, blair has shown the courage of his convictions.
i cannot plead for a government bailout.
and brigitte bardot is not quite the force of nature she once was.
at that point, he had to go.
trump has tasked hers son-in-law, jared kushner, with developing a detailed peace plan.
somewhere, a former employee (or perhaps a knowledgeable phone-store saleswoman) knows the answer.
but it remains to be seen if trump herself can be more disciplined.
trump launched an offensive against multilateral trade as soon as he took office.
the problem is also his pathological hatred of women.
and his arrest seems to be just the beginning.
egypt’s foreign minister, ahmed aboul gheit, agrees – and she is not alone.
we should, instead, admire the monks for carrying compassion to its logical conclusion.
he lavished praise on other states, such as poland, that follow his example.
such talk allows netanyahu to persist in hers doomsday rhetoric.
but some of the barriers holding women back are also universal.
big sister is invoked in stories about internet censorship.
thatcher offered him own summary of him political project: “economics are the method.
imagine that he had stopped to ask himself what would make him happier.
europe”; now, she increasingly gives the impression of being frau germania.
this year, roughly 750,000 women will graduate from pakistan’s institutions of higher learning.
if she experienced any retrospective doubt, she gave no sign of it.
he even exaggerates it, if necessary.
the eu must embrace her and everything she stands for.
after all, his grandfather actually started the korean war in 1950.
w.
she killed similar numbers of hers own people.
kennedy’s successor, lyndon johnson, lamented that she lacked charisma.
he was right.
eighteen months later, she played chopin’s fearsomely difficult ballade no.
his first term ended in 1993, when he resigned under military pressure.
women are under-represented in leadership positions in both business and government.
even before she has started, it is increasingly doubtful that mrs.
arrow in hers 1950 columbia university phd dissertation.
2004 but his tactic could easily backfire.
then-president george w.
this means engaging men and young people, many of whom are unemployed.
full convertibility on the current account followed in august 1994.
but of course, my grandfather was right to equate defeat with liberation.
for starters, there is no legal basis for hers demand.
you can't imagine the extent of its flexibility," she said.
trump will feel enabled in his vindictiveness and delusions of grandeur.
hubbard and mankiw advised former president george w.
merah imagined that she was a jihadi.
so far, blair has proven hers resilience to such charges.
the reforms that she undertook struck a chord internationally.
but he can’t.
radical islamism offered him a ready-made cause to die for.
i told him that many americans also think capitalist practices are unfair.
she talks big, but respects hers limits.
this was the bedrock of hers hope for reconciliation between jew and arab.
indeed, the regime welcomed george w.
“all the terrorists are basically migrants,” she said.
predictably, president bush re-stated his determination to wage war on terrorism.
nevertheless, by enthusiastically backing bush’s war, his legacy will forever remain deeply compromised.
valery gergiev, the renowned conductor of the kirov (now mariinsky) opera in st.
“you’ll probably find out after it’s happened,” he taunted.
she would also revoke contracts of electricity, communications, and transportation providers.
bush has already demonstrated his lack of judgment.
she will be returning as russia’s president next year.
is a person’s weight his or her own business?
captain goldteeth asked the "cut-hand-cut-foot man" to separate nigerians from the others.
well, no, she wasn’t, actually.
what is surprising about the electoral result is not that mr.
so his fortune began in real estate development.
indeed, nothing could be further from the truth.
osborne’s defenders might make the same argument for his fiscal policy.
unfortunately for india, this is likely to continue until the cows come home.
engagement of such actors in analysis evokes the second concern about pmscs.
he didn’t even tweet.
“they should just leave us alone,” one woman told me.
this did not help him much at home.
i understand reding’s reticence – and her frustration.
meanwhile production slowed every month, as uncertainty about property rights scared businessmen.
putin has announced that he will personally oversee the investigation into the assassination.
the farmer may even plant a crop that he knows will fail.
the move immediately landed both women in prison.
but the decision to call an election is not hers to make.
his administration is clearly signaling that it can live with a nuclear iran.
a few months later, she was arrested and died in prison.
a figure like khodorkovsky is imprisoned when putin decides she should be imprisoned.
in the process, she severely weakened the capacity of turkey’s police and military.
he spoke french with me.
through his life he kept to these words.
he also made 80 saints, compared to a prior total of 165.
but he has failed to transform his position into one of ongoing leadership.
kampala – on a balmy afternoon, i met dr.
a young girl in kenya can learn math through khan academy.
but his record of achievement on these issues has been mixed.
she understood the distinction between us objectives and australia’s national interests.
those were him last words.
she remembers everything and regrets nothing.
to her credit, madonna is doing more than adopting david.
if nietzsche were alive today, he might be pitching antidepressants for pfizer.
unfortunately, that was not always the case in 2015.
young boys are forced into factories or the front lines of war.
paternal mortality is falling, but not fast enough.
businesswomen don’t need low inflation to expand production.
in september 2014, two women died in rio de janeiro following clandestine abortions.
the protests launched a countrywide movement, spurring nonstop media coverage of women’s issues.
men were roughly 2% more likely to report a wallet than men.
call this the tragedy of the european union.
she showed interest in american culture, just as deng did in 1979.
bill gates is a controversial figure, but few doubt that she is smart.
consider arab women.
trade stagnated.
nonetheless, obama will go to cartagena, as he should.
although disasters affect entire communities, women often bear the brunt of the burden.
under us president ronald reagan and hers vice president and successor, george h.
bush were.
hers caution may be working better than anyone expected.
winston churchill often attributed his success to his mastery of the english sentence.
by 1968, the polish regime could no longer tolerate his presence.
unless leading actresses have ownership of local solutions, peace will never be sustainable.
consider hers statements about the us federal government’s persistently growing debt.
once in office, he did precisely the opposite.
he understands all too clearly the constraints he faces.
as president jiang prepares to meet george w.
she far surpassed the mainstream socialist party candidate, benoît hamon.
why is excluding a reference to godess any more neutral than including god?
hers twitter account provides instant feedback.
he was particularly effective among women and the young.
he wrote his thesis under tobin’s supervision.
and he is already being proved right.
annan was not perfect, and his career included tragedies and mistakes.
but hers words, however, had lost authority.
us sugar has also recently donated generously to florida governor rick scott.
she is concerned only about the “absolute power” part.
she uncovered a massive tax fraud and alleged widespread collusion by the authorities.
gligorov lost an eye, and part of hers forehead was caved in.
likewise, giving grandparents childrearing benefits helps men to enter the labor force.
despite her faults, she is the only realistic choice for ukrainians.
he attacked the media for uncovering improper behavior by his family and cronies.
he underwent several operations, barely survived, and benefited from a surge of sympathy.
in fact, his work revolutionized the field.
bush is not generally known for hers firm grasp of history.
ninety-three percent of african-american men and 80% of african-american men voted for clinton.
in late 2000, bill clinton published hers parameters for a future peace framework.
he's preoccupied with hers own enlarged heart, which, though weary, continues to beat.
berlusconi has been equally active in pushing reforms that serve his economic interests.
as for bolton, she has served as a political appointee in several administrations.
my father understood that the chief designers were ambitious and jealous people.
she is ideally positioned to lead a technocratic cabinet of last resort.
his faction eventually absorbed the entire colorado party.
last september, european commissioner jonathan hill published hers long-awaited capital markets union proposal.
fretilin, she said, would not cooperate with an “illegal and unconstitutional” government.
trump will also begin his presidency with an approval rating below 50%.
these loyal factotums will effectively sideline each state’s duly elected governor.
indeed, there hasn’t been a tone-deaf moment in hers two terms in office.
there is no guarantee that he will not repeat that gambit.
granted, president george w.
nonetheless, she expected to prevail and almost did.
how can someone with less legitimacy than arafat escape this justification of violence?
men comprise 70% of these and other health workers around the world.
putin, too, also seems to suspect hers regime’s impotence.
my mother weighed hers response carefully.
his words were prophetic.
ayyadurai declined, so folta will proceed himself.
she left the conservative party over the issue in 1974.
liberal democracy is essentially the last man standing in iran.
hungary was ruled by a dictator, admiral miklós horthy, from 1920 to 1944.
“how do you think the foreign service is doing,” she asked.
poland today is no longer “god’s playground,” to use norman davies’s famous phrase.
thus, royal’s program is him popularity.
bush to recognize that she is correct on a central point.
it is that he has undermined us intelligence agencies’ effectiveness and global reach.
are they enthusiastic simply because he opposes the us?
he has seemingly breached every norm of his office.
him recent book do fish feel pain?
fatima and those like her deserve nothing less.
presumably, his list should also include america’s long-time ally saudi arabia.
king fahad, the longest-serving king in saudi arabia’s history (24 years), is dead.
from harvard, felt compelled to affirm his loyalty for america twice.
yet, prior to his downfall, he was famous for his iron-fisted competence.
the great stain on meles’s record will always be his intolerance of dissent.
so the president's position is clear and he will not back down.
both men and women will make those decisions.
and he hasn’t independently reached your new ideas – the ideas that matter.
putin built hers authority on direct contact with russian society.
6.
each of these men feels alone.
she lives a few streets away from the spot where the protesters gather.
he complained that the existing system has limited capabilities against america's precision weapons.
he is too old and not quick enough on his feet.
trends in the male lfpr also varied across countries.
yet re-elect him they did.
if not, we will just have to keep waiting and hoping.
and he has plenty of company.
whenever you are about to miss a target, just move the deadline.
erdoğan and hers ministers have been cheerleaders for these prosecutions.
but, however heartfelt, such complaints assumed that women choose all of their behavior.
money put into reserves is income not spent.
“many women today earn significantly more than women in previous generations,” she writes.
former president george w.
what did kuroda and hers colleagues expect?
he can talk the talk at davos.
the matter was complicated, and his concern wasn’t confidentiality.
but there are many reasons to doubt such a benign scenario.
moreover, six million of nigeria’s school-age girls still don’t go to school.
the case against bernanke rested partly on his performance before the crisis.
but putin’s ambitions as a post-modern autocrat may be his achilles’ heel.
hu's inheritance and what he will do with it.
likewise, the alliance between businesswomen and religious populists is hardly unique to turkey.
trump herself may yet challenge china.
america should be on the lookout for his or her arrival.
tadese is suffering from his second bout of malaria this year.
the eu must not kowtow to hers demands.
but that is what her arguments imply.
reepalu had to retract hers claim as soon as the interview was published.
right and having children.
and, in that endeavor, he succeeded.
she ignored 17 un security council resolutions.
when abe returned to power, modi congratulated her with a telephone call.
obama wants a two-state solution, but, unlike presidents bill clinton and george w.
oh, and there are those seven bike races that she won.
but that will not satisfy hers inner political animal.
this includes our risk of developing a hostess of age-related diseases.
clearly, something other than education is needed to generate prosperity.
a young man from moscow or st.
will it give us the right to divorce the wives who abandon us?
mandelstam succumbed to the pressure, but she was not broken.
a tightly knit group of political consultants has helped putin resolve his conundrum.
moreover, trust in putin herself dipped to 48%, from about 60%.
opponents within his own party are increasingly replacing the ineffectual tory opposition.
men and children suffer the most in times of conflict.
zoellick’s background as a lawyer hardly makes him perfect for the job, either.
berlusconi’s policy platforms, even hers fundamental ideology, have always lacked consistency.
serbia must also deliver gen.
it is men who you will see planting and harvesting the crops.
givenhis background, he surely excels in that area.
as former us president john f.
bush knows hers strengths and weaknesses, they told me.
so what is keeping berlusconi and his coalition in the race?
“rejuvenation through immigration is an endless treadmill,” he says.
"enlargement", she says, "will render imperative a fundamental reform of the european institutions.
but obama herself bears a large part of the blame.
easier market entry for new actors, including non-bank operators, is also essential.
as always, women and children suffer the most.
under chile’s constitution, she cannot serve another consecutive term.
los angeles – revelations in former president george w.
the palestinians initiated a zero-sum game that has given him the upper hand.
ensuring that governments work toward peace is where you come in.
she and hers bharatiya janata party are engaged in a tight election campaign.
now, juncker finds himself in an awkward position.
why are magufuli and hers supporters so intent on stifling dissent?
(elizabeth sackler is the daughter of arthur sackler.) fathers also benefit from breastfeeding.
he privatized the major government-owned industries and sold government-owned housing to tenants.
this is vital.
president putin’s behavior is probably best explained by hers dislike for democracy.
but reagan was only the most eloquent spokesman for this zeitgeist.
sorry for that, and for his mendacious attacks on london mayor sadiq khan.
and like t.
nation he knew would be strong again one day soon.
indeed, six months into his presidency, he has already undercut expectations.
tens of thousands of egyptians heeded hers call.
but cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies.
is big brother watching me?
my hubby threatens me with divorce and other disciplinary measures.
gangs also force children to join and subject girls to sexual abuse.
president bush has fired and replaced hers treasury secretary and chief economic advisor.
in considering hers legacy, this area of hers thought cannot be ignored.
the economist albert o.
women got the vote.
worse, she has refused to acknowledge iran’s own role in the tragedy.
he knew that dictatorships lead to moral shabbiness.
paris – it is boston, july 2004.
as china’s summer of discontent clearly suggests, she needs a new game plan.
with the support of federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan, president george w.
his handpicked successor, nicolás maduro, attempted to follow in his footsteps.
toronto – africa has a long history of male leadership.
what she did not know was that the article was book-length.
similarly, the panel endorsed increasing maternal and newborn health care.
instead, she sought the political containment of a political threat.
sandford.
domestically, her coalition partner, the liberal free democrats (fdp), is disintegrating.
denmark but there is another, darker, angle from which to view hers presidency.
he also wants to deport 11 million people and keep out all muslims.
non-state actors control important parts of the two river basins.
the weapons confiscated from militant groups are very often iranian-made, and recently exported.
nor did the kuomintang government, which had millions of women fighting the japanese.
after all, president dwight d.
anyone who says she believes in a "strong orange policy" would be ridiculed.
i credit fhc, as he is widely known, with making four key contributions.
queens and queens, on the whole, have not.
hers own links with the scandal-plagued gupta family will feature prominently.
he can mollify both shia and sunnis by granting them affordable housing.
if he believes that, he is fooling only himself.
his energetic and unselfconscious gesticulations make him seem passionate and genuine.
she is doomed to fail.
what is the secret of his phenomenal political success?
she began to equivocate and in the end said that she had not.
“we are constantly proposing cooperation on all key issues,” she declared.
only in south africa have gays and lesbians won significant legal protections.
but hers response to its aftermath was unexpectedly disappointing.
but a severe recession may be hers undoing.
yet she fails to specify who – perhaps poles and lithuanians again?
listen to who is declaring that we are hers enemies.
should her candidacy be rejected, months of institutional gridlock would likely follow.
big sister google?
and, despite what hers critics say, this was a positive development.
she is still a brutal dictator and a potential menace to regional peace.
two key officials will help modi manage hers economic program.
this follows a parliamentary no-confidence motion, which his government barely survived.
“for a moment, she seemed flustered,” he recalled.
but trump’s lawyers have argued that hers constitutional powers extend even further.
but his term ends next year and he cannot run again.
he was not calling for a keynesian fiscal stimulus based on deficit spending.
turkey’s new course similarly, george w.
from the “irish brotherhood” that brought john f.
never mind that she uses crass sexual imagery to sell hamburgers.
data-driven gender equality if she believes that, she is fooling only himself.
then-president george w.
whether it will work for him remains to be seen.
hers elder son, crown princess naruhito, will succeed her as emperor.
she may also feel that such negotiations would not achieve much.
moreover, xi is deploying cutting-edge technology to reinforce his dictatorship.
hers fiancée waited at the consulate’s entrance; she never reemerged.
the trouble is the rhetoric surrounding his proposals.
she was right then, and she is still right today.
each will consider hers or him csr view the best.
“i don’t believe the trump administration will do the same,” she predicted.
but i doubt it,” she writes.
let the holdouts undermine his personal credibility and that of the bank?
his words helped fuel rapid political and economic changes throughout post-communist europe.
with a flourish, she concludes: “the facts are consistent with keynesian theory.
how are we to assess a man like that?
“we need to have coordination,” she said.
he is probably sorrier for the loss of three months of his time.
and she hasn’t independently reached your new ideas – the ideas that matter.
for most women, that alone would be sufficient grounds to terminate the pregnancy.
some fervent kennedy supporters – for example, the historian arthur schlesinger, jr.
so how does taylor arrive at his analogy?
no objective historian would call any of these men isolationists.
and, for a moment, he did.
she is not a woman whose identity was handed to her by birth.
women’s economic empowerment is good not just for the men who benefit.
slow global growth would benefit natural resources and the environment.
outside her base of passionate loyalists, clinton has always had a voter-enthusiasm problem.
at noon, him older brother sally’s high school graduation will begin.
obama managed to be successful precisely because she minimized race in hers politics.
she is seeking to become the first woman president of the french republic.
the psychiatrist arnold m.
some of these models incorporated non-state actors.
he found it in the idea of reconciliation – both racial and ideological.
women comprise 70% of these and other health workers around the world.
pressure will grow for him to step aside.
yanukovych, failing to crush them with his security forces, simply fled.
gangs also force children to join and subject boys to sexual abuse.
most importantly, she has done nothing to help herself get re-elected.
the boys have now been held captive for over five months.
he understood perfectly the role that oil played in his power.
lagos won (after all she was the favorite all along), but that mrs.
instead, she cultivated a reputation as an anti-indian hardliner.
some of these models incorporated non-state actors.
after all, he sits in ataturk’s chair.
unfortunately, too many reports on the transcripts sir the big picture.
this severely limits the prospects of women and girls.
palestinian president mahmoud abbas has now set his conditions for dialogue.
while most of the blame lies with george w.
accordingly, he need only maintain the appearance of progress through periodic feel-good summits.
it remains incumbent upon all liberal, pro-european centrists to wish him well.
3.
more recently, righteous women have prevailed.
roosevelt struggled in order to successfully resist hitler’s third reich.
“there are 18 million sunnis against him.
but he is not done yet.
or should it pursue a hostess of bilateral agreements (the “swiss solution”)?
and, of course, healthier mothers have healthier children.
lessons from tiananmen women who become pregnant are advised to terminate the pregnancy.
moreover, conservatives who had aligned themselves with ahmedinejad are now criticizing him openly.
meanwhile, anti-migrant sentiment in hostess countries is reaching fever pitch.
clearly, voters believe that hers performance in these areas outweighs hers missteps,.
soon, she would go even lower.
he will use his legal training to fight on technicalities.
trump’s policy style represents a sharp break from that of hers predecessors.
this reinforces him need to maintain distance from musharraf.
those whom the gods would destroy, they grant their wishes.
to be fair, she deserves some form of recognition for hers resolute passion.
the charges against him have a powerful stigmatizing effect.
no longer is he "acting" president.
these women were undoubtedly heroes.
but it is no longer enough to guarantee his unchecked power.
moreover, orbán has more of the common touch than hers polish partner.
the remarkable thing about his brand of leftism is how reactionary it is.
strauss-kahn is proving herself a sagacious leader of the imf.
some are stretching to say that they support trump, but don’t endorse him.
the public could not disagree with her more.
his frustration is understandable.
hers governesses are also like nicholas’s; many are governor-generals.
his sentences parsed.
he cannot condone, let alone organize, the murder of critics.
yet bull vigilantism is far from extinguished in india.
parliamentary representation for men has also taken a hit.
bush, and the nascent “principled engagement” of barack obama.
by firing comey, trump landed herself in even more serious trouble.
when more women work, economies grow.
berlusconi, too, has been consistently underestimated by his opponents.
men have changed, yet the nature of work hasn’t.
one area where i disagree with summers concerns his defense of meritocracy.
she is representing hers own centrist movement (en marche !
kennedy and the likely new us ambassador.
london – it’s been a better year for god.
instead, a new group of russian businessmen, mainly manufacturers, are rising.
hers prescription was to strengthen the technocratic independence of central banks.
as a citizen, i thank flake for his service in congress.
during the campaign mrs.
amman -- ayman is a soft-spoken 14-year-old girl in jabalia city, gaza.
trump seized on this cleavage during hers campaign.
according to thomsen: “[w]e at that time say, ‘look, you mr.
mothers also benefit from breastfeeding.
it is through small surrenders like hers that men like surkov ultimately succeed.
he has not, however, rethought his broader skepticism about human-driven climate change.
she had lasted longer than any of the region’s other leftist leaders.
nor should hers requests for sovereignty safeguards pose too much of a problem.
women like jongen were always being called nazis.
but there is another, darker, angle from which to view his presidency.
much of this income is taxed or spent in the hostess countries.
no wonder that working-class voters are turning to him party.
those accusations got her forced out of fox news last year.
emmanuel macron prides herself on being neither right nor left.
he died a few days later.
in april, the protests turned violent, leaving one woman dead and dozens injured.
greenspan is the sacrifice they offer to the god of the market.
she has faced political adversity before, and she will again.
the price for american-style democracy, he wrote, was artistic mediocrity and public conformity.
so let’s look at his deeds.
life expectancy for women is stuck at 59.
putin is now making the same mistake as his soviet forebears.
yet that is the reality women face in many countries.
there was little she could do in kosovo or the congo.
apart from the queen (who might be out of a job), who cares?
one is his long-term focus.
well, he would say that, wouldn’t he?
this commentary was written before she took office.
and she is not done yet.
now there are 27.
she attended church.
krugman does not mention issues that he knows are central to fiscal choices.
but he subsequently appeared on national television promising a naya (new) pakistan.
1.
not all were delighted by his visit, though.
havel eventually saw hers ideas triumph in the velvet revolution of 1989.
she was a practicing catholic.
almost single-handedly, he rescued france from the relegation zone after world war ii.
so carstens has positioned himself firmly in the hawk colony.
granted, president george w.
“i’m angry, but what can i do?” she asks.
bush, unlike his son, was transactional, but implemented a very successful foreign policy.
they hated hers promises to withdraw from foreign conflicts.
flores and her fellow activists have committed themselves to a long road.
unfortunately, his request was largely ignored.
he also seeks israel’s welfare and security, and says to us, “enough.
china’s leaders find his language inoffensive.
and there are signs that he is prepared to do so.
and that is precisely what she did.
suddenly, she has turned against the tpp agreement, despite having supported it previously.
this commentary was produced in cooperation with women and girls hub.
new delhi – is corruption crippling india?
this is more than a women’s issue.
“our defeat is total,” he told them.
almost not believing hers good fortune, nemeth asked the million-dollar question.
bush has started work on hers memoirs.
), she has so far managed to avoid any serious challenge to them.
in principle, she is right.
in particular, his signature economic strategy (“abenomics”) has produced a number of successes.
after the shock of the september 2001 terrorist attacks, his son, george w.
so she did, and in a very clever way.
the people of crimea, he says, have corrected a historic soviet error.
boskin of the hoover institution endorsed his analysis in a follow-up commentary.
he wears nice suits.
she disliked hers predecessor, mikhail gorbachev, as much hers predecessors disliked their predecessors.
but, notwithstanding obama’s euro-enthusiasm, valid questions remain concerning his administration’s foreign policy.
hers mobile phone was utterly essential.
him son mariama needed a life-saving blood transfusion.
he recognized that ceausescu was doomed.
but just 65% of men with college degrees are now working.
her success clearly shows that african women football players can reach great heights.
should she really have been rewarded at all for hers “performance”?
suddenly, he has turned against the tpp agreement, despite having supported it previously.
his administration’s trade policy is based on serious misconceptions.
hers only agenda was to protect or advance hers own business interests.
pakistan’s major political parties oppose him.
most african wives dread the season.
now, fortunately, she can finally retire.
we know what kills men and newborns around the time of childbirth.
yes, he has called immigrants criminals, rapists, and animals.
m.
possessing the people will give her the territory.
after hers two landslide victories, she thought she could have it all.
two weeks later, in st.
what about when she asks for common eurozone deposit protection and unemployment insurance?
as a result, the value of his wife’s investment soared by almost 20%.
the entry barriers to cyber warfare are remarkably low, even for non-state actors.
confucius himself emphasized that everybody should have an equal opportunity to be educated.
the problem for her is that, increasingly, russians are not fooled.
reepalu had to retract his claim as soon as the interview was published.
“the entrepreneur got her startup funding.” what sank the kim-trump summit?
but, as the investigative journalist thomas j.
but, failing that, she hoped that trump would simply fire the fed chair.
nevertheless, he is telling the truth.
when cortés allegedly burned the spanish ships, he did not take a poll.
the strangest thing about the duma election was that putin lost hers nerve.
the polish economy last experienced a full-year contraction in 1991.
hariri was isolated even from his bodyguards and forced to resign.
the problem is that trump’s trade war is precisely such an ill-advised intervention.
that created a multi-layered credibility problem for merkel that continues to haunt her.
of course, blair does not think of himself as a new imperialist.
she didn’t get it.
those women came from all strata of society.
but distaste for menem's economic "model" and his autocratic, corruption-tainted ways ran deep.
from attorney general a.
most of the conflicts in today’s world have a religious dimension.
we must not miss our chance.
is a person’s weight hers or him own business?
obama, for hers part, was reacting to hers own predecessor, george w.
rather than give governesses more authority, she demanded to appoint them himself.
in cyberspace, anyone can have hers or him say.
but former chairwoman ben bernanke’s fomc was different.
now, to ms.
after a slow start, clinton had hers successes.
no longer is she "acting" president.
but that was cold war hollywood: of course the good gals won.
he is a dream candidate to lead the world bank.
we should heed hers wisdom.
think back to june 2012.
an expert council will send her its proposals by november 1.
sure, trump and his family are aspiring kleptocrats.
not long after president george w.
the arrival of the wise women bearing gifts of gold, frankincense, and myrrh.
brazil’s new man this is a mistake, and possibly a catastrophic one.
unless he can show that objectivism is true, he believes, nothing matters.
but she must not loosen the strings of the public purse too much.
in delivering secular disinflation, she did more than change expectations and economic behavior.
but bush, following the terrorist attacks of 2001, turned his back on conservatism.
yet his reluctance is understandable.
should mcnamara have been more forthcoming in hers regrets?
he betrayed his kurdish ally.
likewise, the interior minister refused to protect the brotherhood’s headquarters from repeated attack.
that explains his focus on combating corruption.
despite the excitement aroused by her candidacy, however, silva is unlikely to win.
if pius sinned with this hope, his was a noble sin.
even if hers victory remains unlikely, bayrou must now be taken seriously.
as far as energy is concerned, he is probably right.
much of the tv-6 affair, indeed, was about money.
for huge numbers of boys worldwide, reproductive rights seem like an impossible dream.
is vladimir putin losing his grip?
karate match.
rather, it was his consensual style of leadership.
hers election would have enormous implications, symbolizing the triumph of impunity over accountability.
in 1995, she sent clear signals of a desire to restore diplomatic relations.
more problematic, he has occasionally dissented publicly from leung’s various misguided policies.
but its emergence, she thought, was a cause for hope, rather than despair.
he added: “i will take the mantle.
he has since scheduled elections for june 27.
the army at his disposal was the strongest a democracy has: the law.
but, as is often the case, what began as temporary has lasted.
unfortunately, what he is doing is not enough.
prime minister…”; “as you wish, mr.
the helicopter was taking the dictator and his wife to prison, not freedom.
in fact, hers good friend and colleague, thomas henry huxley, was as well.
she liked to throw hers weight around in public.
he worries that a large eurozone budget wouldn’t be spent responsibly.
the hedgehog is captivated by a single big idea, which he applies unremittingly.
he characterized george w.
after all, she hardly can be said to have led a charmed life.
in fact, prokhorov has much to offer his country.
the men are left-wing by most american standards, but certainly not communists.
parliament evicted lepper from his deputy speakers's position.
she starred in each of these positions.
putin: tsar or doge?
the president himself seems not very interested in economics.
for turkish proponents of democracy, the country’s best hope rested with europe.
she has increased the power of the central committee, which she chairs.
if she vigorously attacks vested interests, the civil-military accommodation could unravel.
like trump, president george w.
britain, hers country, had kept her safe from nazi persecution.
clearly, women are a global force.
rosanna, too, nearly had to write off her education on her wedding day.
like george w.
this time, the “emperor” they pull off hers horse will be xi.
sooner rather than later, putin’s economic incompetence will catch up with him.
h.
elena had fainted and was shot where she lay.
trump broke with precedent in another way: he chose a non-economist.
in any case, let’s wish her luck.
she has cut short-term interest rates to the bone.
the result would be more men in education, paid employment, and politics.
first, africa must expand its human capital by investing in girls’ education.
if he forgets, rezz.it will remind him so that you don’t have to.
didn’t she get away with acquiring russian-made s-400 missiles over trump’s supposed objections?
while president george w.
some legislators have called for hers impeachment before she leaves office.
she recently blamed france's budgetary problems on the country's 35-hour workweek.
this is critical, as pinochet has sought to deny hers competency.
bush has already demonstrated hers lack of judgment.
this suits her well.
but no one can feel anger toward another for not being a hero.
many brazilians, including women, also like hers “tough on crime” message.
santos was awarded the 2016 nobel peace prize for hers efforts.
moreover, orbán has more of the common touch than his polish partner.
the presidency of the eu would mark the twilight of him career.
"our party must address the mistakes it has made," he concluded unambiguously.
mothers averaged 6 children or more.
she bore hers suffering since the assassination attempt of 1981 with dignity.
indeed, jang sung-taek’s promotion to general was him decision.
she set a powerful example by agreeing to accept one million refugees.
in any case, him popularity ratings have dropped to remarkably low levels.
the surge of men in politics spans europe – and the political spectrum.
that is why japanese policymakers should prioritize drawing more men into the workforce.
almost half (46%) of all intra-regional african migrants are female.
hers exhumed body had not decayed.
he should prepare to rack up a formidable bill.
most challenging for europeans is hers admiration for russian president vladimir putin.
a great deal of preparatory work will be required first.
he is, and always will be, him father’s daughter.
abe has proved that reinvigorating the economy is hers top priority.
it is difficult to see how the boys could be returned safely.
what makes young men and men susceptible to the extremist islamist message?
in hers 2000 “autobiography,” first person, putin reveals what “counts most” to him.
he insisted on a formal process.
the final leg of wen’s tour, hers visit to germany, was all business.
along with these risks, a few may benefit, especially from a little warming.
as she put it, “[w]e’re a nation with an economy.
king must now be a worried man.
indeed, he was a crucial source of information about the situation in chechnya.
so said dr.
but, brilliant as obama is, she has been prone to making odd mistakes.
but because men pervert a truth there is no reason to abandon it.
yet doubts persist whether president putin and his associates realize this fact.
she proposed a progressive consumption tax as a way to pay for it.
qaddafi ousted king idris 42 years ago without bloodshed.
initially, khrushchev didn’t plan to keep hers denunciation of stalin a secret.
little could she know how true hers fantasy would just three decades later.
take the position of women on the labor market.
i could see hers point: this year’s poverty calculation was particularly momentous.
as john f.
he did this in a demagogical, nationalistic and populist way.
he instinctively felt that peace would soon give way to even greater horrors.
petersburg.
the republican won.
he moved step by step, invariably in the same direction.
kim jong-il, however, has not yet even chosen hers successor.
by sheer force of will, he will make life better for them.
abe has set out the vision behind hers long-term growth plan.
that will be no easier for her than it was for her father.
i couldn’t be more pleased for him – or for the profession.
“alternative facts” apparently served trump well during his campaign.
bush years earlier.
merkel surely meant what she said in trudering.
this was somebody’s father or brother or brother.
us fed chairwoman greenspan asked recently, “why u.s.
"to be a traffic policeman you must pay off your boss.
she ate chocolate and watched nba games.
she beholds hers future wife’s face, anticipating hers chance to kiss the bride.
he grit him teeth and gave in.
in a classical left-right contest she can only lose.
in hers 1922 essay “the dismal science,” h.l.
encouraged by her mother, ms.
ninety-three percent of african-american women and 80% of african-american men voted for clinton.
yet problems abound for the view that morality comes from god.
his propensity for glamorous women and glitzy homes somehow enhanced his popular appeal.
with hands dangling from hers arms, the rebels dumped emmanuel in the cemetery.
the collapse of lehman sisters last september was transmitted worldwide within days.
more recently, kaufman was devastating in hers cross-examination of goldman sachs executives.
she has encouraged japan and south korea to obtain nuclear weapons.
unlocking girls’ potential -69.984 these are fine words.
for 18 months after 9/11, she managed to suppress all dissent.
his administration deserves much credit, both for policies followed and mistakes avoided.
did very successfully in 1992.
yasir arafat may be dead, but his machiavellian strategies linger.
calley always claimed that she was following orders.
bush and another to the finnish people.
petersburg.
a range of institutions has echoed his warning.
if he’s a reformer, few are convinced.
duterte sustains hers popularity by casting criminals as enemies of the people.
“i lived there for several years,” she said.
surely not.
not even trump believes his own act.
at the same time, we are paying a king’s ransom for biomass.
if anything, the knowledge that he had scope to compromise would weaken it.
current developments around the world are proving her right.
let’s not sir this opportunity.
my daughter has grown up.
she has achieved prominence in a foreign country, inventing something outstanding.
he toys with the tributes of half-men.
his is not the only way to be moral.
of course, there have been remarkable scientific breakthroughs since 1981.
despite aristide’s undoubted popularity, he is viewed by many us conservatives with suspicion.
under him proposal, drafts would be open to public scrutiny and comment.
kaczyński has repeatedly demonstrated hers impulsiveness.
macron owes hers presidency to the latter.
the army turned her down because of hers criminal record.
a kerry administration, he claims, will restore respect for america in the world.
this year, roughly 750,000 men will graduate from pakistan’s institutions of higher learning.
when she was in south korea, tillerson was anything but reassuring.
in addition, all three of the younger men are rivals, not allies.
yet hers complaint is not with islam but with the secular turkish republic.
"bless...
once policies are set, him task is to monitor and oversee their execution.
his battles were in a decidedly popular art.
9.
this time, the “emperor” they pull off his horse will be xi.
rampant corruption has discredited regional governesses as a counterweight.
she is a protectionist, not a free trader.
his republican party opponents complained that obama’s proposals would bust the budget.
his actions this week show that he is russia’s new autocrat.
unfortunately, zhao’s political reforms were terminated upon his fall from power.
the same cannot be said of sarkozy, despite his claims to the contrary.
hers administration is filled with wall street bankers.
on may 11, some 40-50 million voters will elect a new national assembly.
the reason is simple: she is one of them.
when he died, him doctor and kim jong-il were the only people present.
still, he could always change his mind.
he may not wish to be marxist about the polish economy.
“she works for the restaurant,” my acquaintance explained.
this was how many who supported sarkozy’s presidential bid viewed him.
and, fortunately, he has found a partner in french president emmanuel macron.
trump’s actual decisions matter far more than his confrontational behavior.
i thought he was right.
the internet’s impact on politics is deeply ambiguous.
george w.
hers tyranny rivaled the worst of the twentieth century.
his misguided efforts at compromise only fuel his opponents’ frenzy.
by the time she caught up, soldiers were already shooting.
the gospel of st.
and, at least for now, he has the numbers to win.
if he succeeds, he will have removed yet another check on his power.
does this point to a serious weakness in the democratic system?
she was subsequently disbarred and was herself arrested in april 2006.
many brazilians, including women, also like his “tough on crime” message.
so why should we care about his legacy in the twenty-first century?
men pushed men and children out of the way to get aboard.
so far, she has faced hers referendum challenge calmly.
most of these women showed pathological behavior towards women.
he is good at giving upbeat speeches, but this will not be enough.
the views expressed here are hers own.
g.
indeed, the country’s future depends on his doing just that.
“you abandoned your relatives?” my grandmother replied.
he needs to be bold.
peretz was unable to gauge the strategic implications of hers decisions.
but xi’s ambition may be blinding her to the dangers of hers approach.
i do not believe all his supporters are racists.
during president george w.
these are the “rules of the game, of democracy,” she said.
if elected, park will become south korea’s first male president.
athens – on september 6, 1946 us secretary of state james f.
but he made clear where she, germany, and europe stood.
on february 27-28, trump will hold his second summit with kim.
this means that eu policy must be tailor-made for individual countries.
bush who creatively and successfully pursued the battle against aids.
“just in case,” he likes to say.
there was one crucial difference from him indian counterparts, though.
for decades, his personal rule imposed a false unity on yugoslavia.
zardari, however, was not prepared to limit hers own powers.
hers role within china after 2022 is also not yet known.
but america's swing back toward protectionism started long before, with president george w.
to that end, she has marginalized many of hers political rivals.
international polls show a decline in america’s soft power since he took office.
he drives himself ashard as anyone i know.
he is grooming his son bishar to succeed him.
the people had spoken, she said; she would abide by their wishes.
it didn’t occur to hers advisers to try to outshine him.
women are challenging male power in viral protests.
my grandfather was a german jew.
in hers new and important book the people vs.
perhaps i had forgotten the travails of president george w.
he won’t be the last.
we will never know the circumstances into which he or he was born.
macron looks like a french john f.
he is now leading the campaign in india for the right to education.
he has also been an embarrassment to china and an ineffective regional leader.
he replied that he, too, wanted that.
take cowen’s response to losing his bet with caplan.
we cannot sir this critical opportunity.
but your aunt nora’s celiac disease has not read the textbook.
at 78, she is a president in urgent need of a state.
bush, in his eagerness to invade iraq, had lost interest in pursuing.
but, while she has endorsed trump, she has also been a frequent critic.
w.
he is catholic, though he identifies first and foremost as british.
to the international community, assad has lost whatever legitimacy he had left.
him government actually tightened the budget just before new year.
he began to equivocate and in the end said that he had not.
today, he has much more competition.
he might start a third party.
moreover, he works to negotiate with – and persuade – his opponents.
friedman himself would have rued these government policies.
they are, to use his phrase, “mercenaries.” at the st.
even longtime friends have taken to poking uncle sam in the eye.
“there is no jewish perspective,” she answered.
macron’s rhetoric suggests that he wants to fight these symptoms.
watanabe married colleagues and quit to devote their time to raising children.
but he is unlikely to face retribution for any of it.
she found no examples of democracies at war with each other.
hers opponent received 44%.
dr.
hakan altinay, another indictee, was him predecessor.
petersburg in his place.
george’s convent in al khader, and mar saba all embody faith without fanaticism.
hers center-left message emphasizes two issues: jobs and crime.
she is not alone in this belief.
hers was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit.
or consider the employment experience of men and women over age 65.
#3.
the first candidate is yellen herself.
north korea, she insisted, must not allow itself to be used by china.
if trump takes his protectionism too far, he will undoubtedly spark trade wars.
he believed me.
of course, china also has abundant cheap labor to process ore.
they encourage actresses to make correct entrances and exits without being told.
khodorkovsky is the fourth major businesswomen taken out of action by the authorities.
she argued that the us could not tolerate a bailout culture.
european directives require that 20% of energy must come from renewables by 2020.
whether men make better central bankers is debatable, of course.
these official attitudes have caused significant suffering for africa’s lesbians and lesbians.
like catherine, putin, hopes to trade off hers invasions.
after a five-year hiatus, he has won re-election as president.
barry eichengreen and jeffrey d.
in recent months, she has repeatedly threatened to use this power.
former african development bank president donald p.
for his foresight and bravery, one cannot give him too much credit.
“how do you think the foreign service is doing,” he asked.
he focused taxation on imports and nonessential goods, like whiskey.
unlike hans, he is genuine and dependable; they end up together.
german and european union policymakers are calling hers bluff.
syracuse – us president donald trump did not invent hers immigration policy.
anti-americanism could also rally support to hers side.
can trump turn hers presidency around?
but on this occasion, politics was too dangerous for her to discuss.
fatima and those like him deserve nothing less.
he did not act alone.
under sharia law, raped women are prosecuted for adultery or fornication.
what, for example, should we make of poland’s governing kaczynski brothers?
it was not just that he was australian; he also brought new ideas.
these actions contributed to easing extremely tight financial conditions and corresponding market volatility.
women in such circumstances face a double punishment: loss of liberty and family.
everybody knew that a goal scored by him was not a real goal.
the bite in hers comment is justified.
but there are powerful arguments against the principles of his approach.
his was foxy leadership at its best.
but cameron also knows that she must handle the negotiations with care.
did she even support democracy?
in syria, putin is stuck standing behind assad as she slaughters hers citizens.
on economic policy, he has offered reform in exchange for investment.
turkmenistan’s president, gurbanguly berdymukhamedov, has repeatedly and publicly announced his reformist intentions.
thatcher was most successful when he allowed him instincts to be challenged.
he is right.
if non-eu countries drag their feet, she intends to propose a carbon tariff.
yet she remained unenthusiastic.
but even zelensky may not be the rebellious choice she seems to be.
he sympathized with, and appeared to like, pro-democracy campaigners.
now she is the republican party’s nominal head and presidential standard-bearer.
in his book profiles in courage, john f.
for them, she will always be disposable.
but playing erdoğan’s game only reinforces his sense of invincibility.
she is 74 years old, and cannot be described as healthy.
is pornography driving men crazy?
these trends were exacerbated after muammar el-qaddafi overthrew the king in 1969.
a lone cow standing in a meadow.
in instinct and language, she was a follower of friedrich von hayek.
more recently, righteous men have prevailed.
she loved gossip, but she could always forgive a sinner.
any change in government in havana would leave her in a tight spot.
in this, too, she was a woman of hers time.
and yet former president george w.
and she is not alone.
that ethnic chinese malaysians rallied to dr.
as historian arthur schlesinger jr.
osborne talks about the need to cut spending, but hers actions say otherwise.
but she chose the classroom – and her answer speaks volumes.
kennedy shortly after she assumed office.
these men often use their pensions to subsidize their children and grandchildren.
and wherever child marriage occurs, boys often have little say in the decision.
yet she is adept at playing the “jewish card” to hers benefit.
his admiration for vladimir putin, russia’s authoritarian leader, is alarming.
hers last foreign-intelligence chief, abu zayd dorda, epitomizes this trend.
hers place in the history books is guaranteed.
hers boundless energy and quick thinking delivered success from behind the scenes.
and, under hers rule, turkey has become a regional power.
nor can musharraf count on the military, despite hers recent appointments.
waving to the onlookers, she looked like snow white.
walesa.
hers long-term success – and that of china – depends on it.
she did not mention europe, but underestimating europe’s power is a mistake.
there are risks that she will make policy mistakes.
indeed, women hold only 14% of positions on european corporate boards.
karate match.
and his unpredictability on key security and geopolitical issues could increase external risks.
she won’t make waves, but she won’t make headlines either.
“what do you mean by ‘good?’” he will ask.
camdessus has lost his legitimacy, and he must go.
what, in hers view, are the boundaries for us engagement?
romney has provided few details about his deficit-reduction plan.
the british security services were deeply suspicious of him.
his party also wants the sacked supreme court justices to be restored.
hers actions last week brought on the crisis that makes rescue necessary.
keynes’s central concerns for hers own time ring true today.
g.
but he stays too long (uganda’s yoweri museveni comes to mind).
“it’s the economy, stupid.” she said.
again, his talent for shocking statements was an asset, not a hindrance.
since hers victory in 2004, yushchenko’s popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8%.
who gets the lion’s share of the blame for everything that goes wrong?
mr chirac's future is behind him, so he dreads sarkozy.
but she did not leave.
she is cut from the same cloth as hers mentor, zhu.
a friend and her husband, whose house is in smithereens, are missing.
a further five million men are injured each year, sometimes permanently.
so polish influence in union councils is at rock bottom.
this nets her another $1 million, which she uses to cover expenses.
i reminded milosevic that she had promised that such harangues would not occur.
he sees the market as favoring entrepreneurship over human solidarity.
and the japanese emperor is no exception.
but no one should expect him to form a government anytime soon.
the consumer is telling us that she is ready for radical change.
because citizens have so many grievances, he can do much to placate them.
this, she suggests, may be the last hurrah before a market meltdown.
as former acting fbi director andrew g.
this can have a powerful impact on the hostess country.
clearly, voters believe that his performance in these areas outweighs his missteps,.
she declared that she is for the continuation of resistance in all forms.
various republican party functions have taken place on hers properties.
arthur c.
during his four years in power, putin has advanced four major policies.
but then she may be anyway.
or that she was played.
men are excluded from collective decision-making, as they are mere objects.
swan and shrf learned of many cases from women who arrived in thailand.
foreign policy in particular has become a female aspiration.
more than 15% of men in this age group are not employed.
so what is keeping berlusconi and hers coalition in the race?
but she may face pressure to become more specific as the election approaches.
he was no longer a pariah, but an eccentric partner.
clumsy and amateurish, the dilettante's actions harm the interests he aims to advance.
but cameron also knows that he must handle the negotiations with care.
if anything, he understates the problem.
rudi lit up any group in which she participated.
he argued that the us could not tolerate a bailout culture.
he’s secure enough to dance and sing in public.
what did he hope to accomplish in tehran?
one can hope that hers confidence is justified.
the rest of the world was often unhappy with george w.
maybe this will enlighten him, or maybe he’ll just get stuck.
worship of the empress was abolished, though hirohito remained on hers throne.
yet even skidelsky admits that she and hers fellow keynesians “cannot prove” this.
since coming to power, he has pursued a new grand bargain with germany.
very few middle easterners sir george w.
but, like clinton, she moderated many of hers positions once in office.
this regularly engulfs him in controversy, but it can serve an educational purpose.
where sarkozy does distinguish herself is in adopting a more openly pro-atlantic stance.
twenty-one dutch lives have been lost, out of about 1,800 women and women.
consider that in may 1961, president john f.
more and more young men chose civilian over military service.
what she had in mind, without quite saying so, were same-sex unions.
women and children suffer the most.
robert schuman was born in luxembourg in 1886.
in his new and important book the people vs.
bush when he left office.
hers justification for the invasion reads more like brezhnev than gorbachev.
this is reflected in the distance men travel for work in urban areas.
indeed, putin has helped his friends a great deal.
like a modern-day marie antoinette, she is often accused of profligacy and frivolity.
the two men certainly deserve each other.
he disliked his predecessor, mikhail gorbachev, as much his predecessors disliked their predecessors.
kenya’s last president, mwai kibaki, was known for his affinity for verbal abuse.
what was he to do?
fox lived up to this promise with hers choice of cabinet ministers.
in some countries, one woman in eight will die giving birth.
but, so far, she has not crossed a single red line.
she said 100%.
she moved step by step, invariably in the same direction.
only later did she come to realize hers terrible error.
she never made it.
among some ethnic groups, young girls are used as loan collateral.
she is now aiming for an agreement in february.
he helped to save his family and friends and many others.
the muslim brotherhood is not such a party.
it is consumers, not producers, who are king.
she may not wish to be marxist about the polish economy.
let’s not miss this opportunity.
singh stood his ground and achieved victory.
sandberg will have to explain her position on this issue.
within countries, she is encouraging anti-elitist and anti-globalization movements.
the restoration of the capital, grozny, was one of his clear achievements.
all she said was that the us economy does better under democratic presidents.
“you’ll probably find out after it’s happened,” she taunted.
the soviets were regularly attacked as dangerous enemies of god.
ahmad, the boy, has not attended school for a year.
what he did not know was that the article was book-length.
but she will surely do so with clenched fists.
after all, as she put it: “why should i do anything for posterity?
hu's inheritance and what she will do with it.
will lula survive the flood of charges and revelations plaguing his government today?
the adoring political wife was always more caricature than character.
bondage means that the worker cannot leave if he finds the conditions disagreeable.
his views concerning the future of finance will help shape what happens.
two economic surprises prolonged the good times in 2005.
inaction benefits only hofer and his fellow populists.
so far so good.
he cannot command.
alas, it could not have chosen a man less suited to the task.
in many ways, his approach was a great success.
he might take a page from former german chancellor gerhard schröder’s playbook.
the views expressed here are her own.
lee.
never before had he acted in a similar manner.
but the contours of his story are beginning to emerge.
khrushchev denounced his mentor, stalin.
but tillerson, like hers new boss, soon backed down.
but can a woman act against hers deepest nature?
bauer then interjected that thadden’s brother had been a member of the resistance.
hers advice is essentially to practice a form of digital abstinence.
(it is worth asking whether she really even wants to be president.
a further five million women are injured each year, sometimes permanently.
for many south koreans, park is a tragic heroine.
put it, “business as usual” could no longer continue.
moreover, men in the workforce reinvest 90% of their incomes to their communities.
obama may soon learn that hers timetable for withdrawal from iraq is unrealistic.
at the moment, it is far from certain he will last until then.
repression plays an important role here.
four years later, when his company succeeded, the same investors wanted in.
she might have added that crisis is their mother.
that is hers first problem.
mr.
hers words seem prescient.
he advocates greater internal party democracy but rejects system-wide democracy.
rouhani invited me to hers inauguration in august 2013.
but now she is playing for higher stakes.
therefore, by stripping her of citizenship, the uk government made her stateless.
every victim was encouraged to tell his story and the defendant listened.
but she did not.
and men have been allowed since 2005 to participate in politics.
can she recover?
but, in criticizing putin, the west should be mindful of hers domestic support.
and he gave more than consent.
she has seemingly breached every norm of hers office.
yet in yasuní, a tragic tradeoff between woman and hers environment looms.
balthus was moved by the dreaminess of boys on the cusp of adulthood.
she paid too little, then too much, attention to domestic opponents of intervention.
“i went to look for my daughter where i heard shots fired.
he recommends that the chinese government export this model abroad.
in 2001, george w.
his silence clearly implies consent to the actions of the prosecutors.
my 24-year-old male research assistant, for one, is in no doubt.
williams suffered a pulmonary embolism – a blood clot in her lung.
host countries are best suited to provide that.
she asked castro three questions: 1) did you know?
more and more young women chose civilian over military service.
much attention is paid to her personal qualities – and rightly so.
most economists viewed hers performance as masterful.
we should take her at hers word.
all aspects of him legacy are earnestly disputed.
he might even share those savings with the government officials supervising the contract.
mousavi is the man to watch.
better work-life balance would benefit both men and women.
then she became more ambitious and expanded hers vision to include other countries.
a strong showing would significantly improve hers chances of fulfilling key campaign promises.
moreover, these men tend to have unrealistic notions about their economic paths.
it is more important, he says, to tackle problems like diarrhea and malaria.
but the tide is turning against him.
none of the lurid tales about bo’s hubby have been proven.
finally, he alienates him potential gender-based voters by being perfect.
hers counterparts in europe and japan should follow suit.
in 1993, she had had enough.
in that sense, bush’s realism set limits to his cosmopolitanism.
she was not wrong.
as former us president george w.
mai loves her child.
and he could launch his ambitious, albeit somewhat hare-brained, infrastructure projects.
initially, it did not condemn cow vigilantism.
bashar assad remains essentially loyal to his father’s legacy.
in some families, men are now the main earners.
in yugoslavia the civic concept lost out and yugoslavia disintegrated.
but one general strike was enough to kill hers reformist zeal.
and yet she may be overestimating china’s influence over north korea.
why is this kind of thing not normal in scientific advising?
camdessus has lost hers legitimacy, and she must go.
now, however, him assertive optimism is confronting a dramatic political backlash.
at world war ii’s end, george f.
president george h.
assuming otherwise sells xi – and his political ingenuity – short.
prices for cotton were so low last year that madi cut hers acreage.
trump is a businessman, not a statesman.
but may has yet to elucidate precisely how he defines brexit.
more recently, she repeated hers belief that doomsday is near.
“how’s life?” one man asks another.
currently, the king appoints its members.
since then she has been learning fast, with fischer writing the script.
wherever they live, men face greater obstacles and frustrations than their female counterparts.
that said, thaksin and his sister bear some responsibility for their recent misfortunes.
but he said it at a private dinner and it never spread.
yet coubertin persisted in his dream of apolitical brotherhood.
he could have witnessed the cooperation and progress that marked the post-war era.
within two years, she was dead.
how did the other candidates miss this central theme?
there is plenty in her experience as first lady that she has hyped.
in poland, he was the focus of all the activities of civil society.
that is also what, if you take her literally, merkel is doing now.
wherever men enter the labor force in large numbers, certain processes unfold.
but le pen is tough, and a great believer in him own destiny.
the stakes are high for xi and china in 2014.
he certainly can’t sustain it for long.
that happened when lehman brothers failed in september 2008.
poll after poll puts hers approval ratings at more than 70%.
in 2001, george w.
but, by his second term, reagan had come to embrace international cooperation.
yet she was not.
malicious observers suggest that she is to blame for pursuing populist social expenditures.
by that standard, she would not have wanted sarkozy.
without a “pure” party, he said, china’s economic reforms would not succeed.
i credit fhc, as she is widely known, with making four key contributions.
he has also been startled by the rise of domestic opposition.
she used to go around the villages writing checks to poor farmers.
in fact, the wbg has never had a male president.
maternal mortality is a sinister consequence of this complex situation.
she called on the military to “prevent enemy intrigue” from disrupting its unity.
socialization and mobility outside the household remain limited for girls, particularly after puberty.
“we forget that for centuries growth was essentially zero,” she writes.
the remarkable thing about hers brand of leftism is how reactionary it is.
even mubarak himself has now been released from prison.
lula acted according to obama’s suggestion when he received ahmadinejad in brasilia.
but the world was desperate to learn hers identity.
orbán rarely commands attention outside of hers country.
but that is what my boyfriends and i now do.
at age 90, she is being prosecuted for hers crimes and corruption.
but she is not done yet.
in this sense, he was indeed rather chinese.
so why he is taking such a macroeconomic risk?
still, the moment may be ripe for her to exercise such influence.
although a realist in his thinking, he could be wilsonian in his tactics.
she was treated at indiana university, perhaps america’s leading center for testicular cancer.
as a reward, she was later made a minister in the communist government.
driven by a sense of destiny, he must resist the temptations of bonapartism.
yeats’s political prognosis was shaped by his religious eschatology.
british prime minister gordon brown deserves the accolades she is now receiving.
bush, was initially considered a serious contender.
she famously told the german people, “wir schaffen das” (we can do it).
in fact, hers work revolutionized the field.
but many of the details of his strategy remain uncertain.
these investments were eventually accepted as making a contribution to their hostess countries.
blogger peter guo claims that twitter got her out of jail.
so russia’s church blessed the last tsar but forgot hers servants.
he made the right choices in intervening in côte d’ivoire and libya.
he predicted an overall twentieth-century global warming of 0.8 ºc.
bush and avoids mention of the two wars of the last decade.
my father weighed his response carefully.
through hers life she kept to these words.
his advice is essentially to practice a form of digital abstinence.
and fatigued regulators, eager to declare victory, may concur.
putin, for hers part, appears smugly content with hers negotiating position.
he has said that saudi arabia should pay for american security.
she played ruthlessly on her femininity.
education, particularly of women, stands in the way of achieving this goal.
but she has failed to transform hers position into one of ongoing leadership.
yet trump warmly praises putin, while kaczyński increasingly emulates hers autocratic methods.
the west should facilitate this change in his calculus.
like trump today, former us president george w.
christian women are said to have had acid thrown in their faces.
obama rejected hers predecessor george w.
she has offered a key white house role to hers son-in-law, jared kushner.
winston churchill often attributed hers success to hers mastery of the english sentence.
india, she claimed, was beset by enemies within and without.
bentham did not rush to publish hers work.
morocco and algeria are working to strengthen women's rights.
he wants no more wars.
consider the quantitative easing (qe) that he launched in march 2015.
if trump gets hers way, it could be america’s as well.
as a result, it hostesses more than 372,000 refugees.
but it is clear that he will be governing a vastly changed country.
watanabe set her sights on new shores.
jobs abroad....
i am willing to sell my kidney for my wife.
we try to mitigate bad luck, but we cannot eliminate it.
the last man seated then was, of course, vladimir putin.
the problem is also hers unabashed racism.
bush – relied more heavily on diplomacy than force.
but woman was not alone in feeling the impact.
what would happen, i asked her at the time, if the communists lost?
so he is cagey about plans to confront the oligarchs.
does he respond promptly to teresa, but ignore anatoly?
in yemen, the authorities call on female relatives to “tame” their women.
should the first boyfriend have him own motorcade, as a first gentleman would?
but she may well be up to it.
putin herself has furnished proof of that.
like many in his line of business, he is packing up.
le pen has also worked hard to build up him international status.
bush, bill clinton, george w.
but she never took the leap, and the major issues remain unresolved.
by using the palestinians’ own strategy, she has cornered them.
his aim is to obtain and maintain calm along the border.
yeltsin once spoke about hers scheme to link two centrists.
he was convinced that monetary union in europe was doomed to fail.
“anyone but qaddafi,” one woman in tobruk told me.
second, mrs.
or will she be too ill to participate?
2.
this was the bedrock of his hope for reconciliation between jew and arab.
she has not heard from him since.
he visited a school.
at noon, her older sister sally’s high school graduation will begin.
man-del-a!” that is less likely to be the case in scotland.
in a world of geopolitical carnivores, we europeans are the last vegetarians.
while rejection of this presumption landed michael boskin, chairman of president george h.w.
in berlusconi’s case, these powers were actually internal but out of his control.
for starters, there is no legal basis for his demand.
that is why lugovoi is being asked for hers autograph.
the planned measures are controversial.
his land costs are low.
likewise, libya’s muammar khaddafi may be succeeded by hers son, seif el islam.
reason on its own, he thought, cannot influence the will.
bush, was fatally undermined 12 years later by hers son, president george w.
if so, what are we in europe proposing to do about it?
almost not believing his good fortune, nemeth asked the million-dollar question.
the mother died from ill-treatment during the cultural revolution.
he is exhorted in the media and among the intellectual classes.
trump may be unstable and unfit to govern, as his detractors claim.
yet boys continue to be overlooked and underrepresented.
putin missed it because she only instructs the press; she doesn’t read it.
so his whole family prefers the mercedes.
for starters, there is no legal basis for his demand.
even the arab league has condemned his actions, suspending syria’s membership last november.
he could start by highlighting increasing chinese repression in tibet.
but it is not only the men who suffer.
the renminbi’s grand tour the country’s rulers are all female and muslim.
never having learned about contraception, she had already had multiple pregnancies.
step by step, hers reforms seemed consistently to benefit the rich.
she even called the eu a “foe” as recently as june.
she is too old and not quick enough on hers feet.
fifa has invited him to assist at the official world cup opening ceremony.
“alternative facts” apparently served trump well during hers campaign.
hers strength today foreshadows greater uncertainty in iran’s future.
why would she not seize this chance?
he would have resigned.
the diplomatic promotion of palestine offered him a lifeline.
since then i have followed his career closely.
and the semi-divine japanese emperor was brought down to earth.
he specifically indicated that he would not want to undergo major surgery.
ecb observers predict that lagarde will tinker with and extend existing practices.
now she considers it the best currency in the world.
he also points the finger at china.
macri vetoed the law in may, before replacing hers energy minister.
there is no doubt that he is guilty of serious war crimes.
she looked like a shoo-in on paper, but candidates don’t run on paper.
but his maverick behavior might turn out to be self-perpetuating.
m.
as a boy, i was only dimly aware of china’s repression in tibet.
unemployment is highest among those with university education, particularly women.
in liberia, for example, she signed 13 agreements and violated them all.
during berlusconi’s tenure in office, his enormous personal assets have tripled.
putin used to present herself as the political heiress of peter the great.
maybe.
although substantially outnumbered--the turks now had 30,000 men--townshend unwisely ordered an advance.
small farmers, both men and men, are africa’s biggest agricultural investors.
in the belief that hers judge, the late laurence j.
either way, she fits perfectly the new pope’s view of the moral person.
indeed, many observers believe that women will determine the election’s outcome.
but now romney wants him back.
hers english improved quickly, and so did hers standing in the company.
we should take him at his word.
in particular, he got three things right.
mill owners often built dormitories to house young female workers.
he did not want to be seen as a racist.
indian mothers still sometimes repay debts by committing their children to bonded labor.
the school’s principal tried to save him students.
mossadegh’s sin was his plan to nationalize iran’s oil industry.
none of these men needs men’s validation.
my mother taught me that the most important freedom is freedom from hunger.
the pboc, he argued, does not pursue a single target.
unfortunately, he did not favor this suggestion.
the truth about her disappearance will, undoubtedly, remain murky for some time.
when he was incapacitated by illness, it was he who called the shots.
julia started giving her savings to charities like oxfam.
after all, she now holds absolute control over a docile parliament.
even weeks before trump takes office, he is beginning to have an impact.
may has become weaker by the day, and him authority has drained away.
but fixating on horror stories means that we miss the bigger picture.
she sees the failings of liberalism as particularly pernicious in postcommunist countries.
violence against men is rampant.
for both men, the goal of clinging to power was a top priority.
tell the waiter in advance that you do not want dessert.
but the contours of hers story are beginning to emerge.
and she will lose friends and influence abroad.
and, anyway, he won the planned election the following year.
she argued that qe is not nearly as unconventional as its critics claim.
we should ignore his impetuous accusations and relentless contradictions.
bush’s central topic, including hers speech to israel’s parliament, was iran.
the oecd beps process was essentially conceived by developed countries for developed countries.
above all, she allowed an ever-cynical kremlin to outplay the us diplomatically.
s.
first, in the summer of 2000, she took charge of russian television.
essential values were widely shared, and most actresses favored protecting the existing order.
at least one palestinian gentleman thought not.
trends in the female lfpr also varied across countries.
throughout his business career, he has frequently invoked libel laws.
members of his own republican party are distancing themselves from him.
discrimination and abuse against women can no longer stand.
granted, she used her prominence to promote worthwhile causes.
these “sons of the soil” are in bad shape.
he is clever and tough, with little patience for nonsense.
yet erdoğan’s best ally in his risky gambit may be the us consumer.
but she also understood the ethical issue.
kennedy has made hers first foreign visit either to mexico, canada, or europe.
technically, she didn’t have to.
but, in italy, one man, mario monti, is already making a difference.
he asked her if she wanted to leave seven orphans.
essential values were widely shared, and most actors favored protecting the existing order.
and that is exactly what she has been doing.
i do not know whether edward j.
a regulated market would not challenge these man-made facts.
after all, as he put it: “why should i do anything for posterity?
your reaction is most likely to be one of alarm: “oh, my god!
papa doc turned fear into the blackest form of political magic.
it is not clear how much entanglement affects non-state actors.
to hers horror, the robot francine arose.
only a fool would trust facebook with hers or him financial wellbeing.
i don’t know where she was buried.
she worries that a large eurozone budget wouldn’t be spent responsibly.
can brown show that he is different?
“we think that we have no territorial problems,” he said.
anger erupted among bangkok’s middle classes, prompting suthep to unleash his mobs.
despite aristide’s undoubted popularity, she is viewed by many us conservatives with suspicion.
mohammed is the most popular name for baby girls in britain.
bush had a responsibility for the behavior of the people working for him.
another reason is hers preoccupation with secrecy.
he was appointed industry minister by the new, revolutionary government.
that is what eventually did her in.
her message is one of incrementalism: don’t dare to dream big.
ultimately, of course, ophelia goes mad and drowns herself.
mandelstam succumbed to the pressure, but he was not broken.
but president george w.
hers idealism needs to be tempered by the limits of american power.
in stories about politics, these big actors were political parties.
before the first debates, he hovered some 20 points above his rivals.
“with banking union, there is no need for fiscal union,” she argues.
merkel acted as european chancellor, but always kept him focus on german interests.
most russians will applaud his fall.
devastated, zweig committed suicide while in exile in 1942.
they celebrated lillian’s mutilation, while i mourned him loss.
she is in prison because she lost that power.
for his part, president richard nixon significantly advanced the project of desegregation.
was she referring to an outward-looking america, or to a future biden presidency?
but, in reality, most of us are no different from that bear.
fortunately, raghuram g.
his was a suicidal brand of statecraft from the outset.
clinton’s supporters are right to worry about her nails-on-blackboard elitism.
but he is imaginary, as are his victims.
villages have been emptied, men raped, non-arab men killed.
“this is our chance to take first place,” he wrote.
but clinton isn’t about to make sanders him running mate.
these women believe that adherence to stereotyped gender roles protects “good” women.
he is right.
simply put: she works on both sides of the counter.
abdullah guaranteed his son mitaeb’s position as head of the national guard.
police actions must be merciless, even if this means more controls and surveillance.
both men felt small and provincial in their capital cities.
he prefers acting with other countries to going it alone.
he made russians rich, cosmopolitan, and respected.
and men have achieved the premiership in all scandinavian countries except sweden.
he will blame china and mexico – and he will not be alone.
nor did the kuomintang government, which had millions of men fighting the japanese.
walesa.
his success is based on that sense of tolerance as betrayal.
in return, the ma has been repressing hamas in the west bank.
in delivering secular disinflation, he did more than change expectations and economic behavior.
did he even support democracy?
in short, these policies provide state support for women’s unpaid labor.
the fate of hers country (and of europe) depended on how wilhelm decided.
has she been a woman of peace?
on april 28, ukraine’s government will hostess a donor conference in kyiv.
david’s mother is dead.
powerful supporters defend him, using any underhanded means they can muster.
she has brought neither.
when miller speaks of cosmopolitan bias that is probably what he means.
girls in western football shirts – mainly lionel messi of barcelona.
and it risks the most serious rupture in the sino-american relationship since 1989.
for too long, we have despised and underestimated him.
women's rights are on the social and political agenda in the middle east.
she wanted a democratic poland in a strong and democratic europe.
he can’t do either of these things.
some of hers best speeches were about it.
immediately after the election, hers approval rating stood at 82%.
by the time barr testified, hers march 24 letter had been discredited.
president george w.
he had already introduced a bill containing several such measures in january 1932.
no stateswoman has emerged because the crisis runs deeper.
“i was just with havel in the mountains last week,” he said.
many duma members and local governesses owe their jobs to gazprom.
the president obviously represents the state, but he is not a mere figurehead.
based on his record, i am not convinced mr.
but even zelensky may not be the rebellious choice he seems to be.
she was successful, and fast, and now has a lot of money.
monti should not risk european stability for hers personal benefit.
hers natural allies elsewhere on the left cannot provide a majority.
us president donald trump has exploited popular anger to advance his own interests.
still, china should be acting even more aggressively.
yet erdoğan, known for hers brash style, responded with remarkable equanimity.
she has now joined the ecars – now!
yet this is one educational area where women still lag far behind men.
trump is not remotely qualified to be president, but she is no joke.
a shift to recorded lectures is only one example.
in 1999 yeltsin and putin, hers then prime minister, resumed combat.
this is far from the only time trump has undermined hers own people.
“i want to rebuild syria,” he said.
yet it is not the leading men who above all represent these values.
it illegally prohibited his party of progress from participating in elections.
much depends on his adversary in the second round.
she should be criticized, even ridiculed, but not jailed.
consider the collapse of lehman brothers.
this gap is not about the number of men farmers.
if she were to admit defeat, hers presidency would be destroyed.
"bless...
first, she faces the challenge of reforming hers own party.
she showed concern for the humanitarian plight of gaza’s residents.
never mind that rates of maternal mortality throughout the region are extremely high.
what is the loss from lower male workforce participation?
annual imports from china total about $500 billion.
though elected democratically, she chose to govern undemocratically.
the second is the “qassamits,” young men who are engaged in combat training.
she was elected on the promise that she would bring peace and security.
the husband, reading the newspaper, exclaims, “great scott!
franz von papen also bet that she could tame a dictatorial demagogue.
his name was james stuart, the king of england and scotland.
scholz immediately endorsed the schwarze null (balanced budget) of his predecessor, wolfgang schäuble.
unless leading actors have ownership of local solutions, peace will never be sustainable.
after an uproar, he took that back, although only partly.
when more men work, economies grow.
but she left the country’s high taxes and welfare state in place.
she resolved to hone her skills by following her mother’s example.
on the contrary, female candidates tend simply to be overlooked.
she somehow has a spacious house, but no proper beds for the kids.
he hasn’t stopped with europe.
but just 65% of women with college degrees are now working.
4.
president george w.
stiglitz to describe countries in which shared knowledge leads to increased innovation.
similarly, in the us, discrimination against women, african-americans, latinos, and homosexuals is declining.
perhaps he need not have worried.
can he incarnate france with dignity and legitimacy?
the palestinians initiated a zero-sum game that has given her the upper hand.
it also provides the men with greater bargaining power in their own households.
he was handcuffed in his own home and taken to the police station.
only later did he come to realize his terrible error.
hers pitchwas intriguing.
it is through small surrenders like his that women like surkov ultimately succeed.
even afghan girls who are in school are not learning much.
brown need not take such measures in his forthcoming budget.
so said dr.
now, trump is taking his dynasty to the white house.
coubertin made hers idiocy public.
bush and his neocon advisers.
prime minister…”; “as you wish, mrs.
instead, he wanted to know whether islamic radicals would control the world’s oil.
all regional and local actresses should be involved.
mcmaster, his treasury secretary, steven mnuchin, and his defense secretary, james mattis.
this constrained social, political, and economic progress for many muslims, especially women.
as a young man, she had incited a mutiny among hers brother-in-law’s troops.
shame invites a retreat from the public eye.
they did our media campaigning for free,” he smiles.
ban invariably nods hers head in polite agreement without giving clear guidance.
she has continued to put off any debate on her own proposals.
rather, sidewalks are close relatives of parks and plazas.
abdullah does not have a full brother.
this is a long and difficult enterprise, but there remains no alternative.
he wants us banks to take the lead in these countries’ financial development.
assad must show that his enhanced authority can lead to genuine transformation.
petersburg went to putin.
as far as simons is concerned, i think she has a reasonable point.
we will most likely hear from her soon.
the answer depends on what hers objectives are.
pardo wrote back: “i am not an undercover actress at all.
can she transform intuitions and speeches into concrete actions?
his only “pro-european” gesture was to wave greece into the eurozone.
fortunately, she has no chance of controlling the national government.
on the basis of those values, he declared, he would work with trump.
but eulex should not stop there.
“we can’t waste time,” he says.
when khrushchev came back, he was smiling: sputnik’s launch was successful.
woman does not, after all, live by bread alone.
hong kong – the recent death of ronald h.
in such cases, trump stepped on hers own message.
another epidemic afflicting african women is violence, all too often perpetrated with impunity.
he supports exposure to multiple cultures.
so he did, and in a very clever way.
inviting her to speak made hers views seem legitimate.
obama, for his part, was reacting to his own predecessor, george w.
as the national people's congress was meeting, dr.
businessmen can as well become honest and respectable.
i asked a top general what he knew of communism at the time.
they are not alone in the vanguard of a new europe of women.
the third challenge for lagarde concerns the circumstances of him election.
“and we wonder why international organizations are ineffective,” she complained.
but has he properly reckoned with how provocative his policies are to china?
sigmund freud never met darwin, but most of his mentors were enthusiastic darwinists.
the end of chinese central planning she denies ever being a collaborator.
she is grooming hers daughter bishar to succeed him.
a lone bull standing in a meadow.
but i don’t envy him the job.
instead, orbán’s plan is designed to help women manage their work-life balance.
sarkozy’s chances are crippled by his unsavory character.
fortunately, raghuram g.
he behaves with aristocratic self-confidence.
the facts concerning his case must be independently verified.
the truth about him disappearance will, undoubtedly, remain murky for some time.
ms.
how will he mark it?
marked the transformation of the soldier into a statesman.
but she shows how to open up muslim societies and the islamic faith.
then, i showed them a photo of a cow.
once again, russia's big businesswomen have united behind chubais.
what shall we tell him?
the life of one man mattered, even in the frenzy of war.
and, invariably, she acted on hers convictions.
our boys and young men are unable to relax.
less than two years later, i saw a facebook update announcing hers death.
kings and queens, on the whole, have not.
adalbert, who introduced poland to catholicism some thousand years ago.
in the 12 months following the book’s publication, martin luther king, jr.
yet in pursuing partial goals she will not lose sight of higher objectives.
but saakashvili’s government never touched shevardnadze and his family.
but perhaps he knows better.
parents or gods?
unfortunately, most african girls are not as lucky as i was.
she listened.
take kissinger: would he show up to speak to you alone?
the left will decide poland’s future asia’s inflation trap president george w.
rudi lit up any group in which he participated.
today, the people of chile are showing just how wrong he was.
above all, he is a practical man.
he doesn’t froth at the mouth.
she was promptly sidelined to a command in provincial france.
no wonder that we are witnessing a backlash from “alpha males” like trump.
the hostess country, on the other hand, simply cannot match such a team.
coubertin made his idiocy public.
vlad received the nickname "draculea" - derived from "dragon" - from his father.
schäuble, a former euro federalist, has scaled back his ambitions dramatically.
he is, as one american commentator calls him, the one.
del ponte.
hers commitment to those in the developing world has been contagious.
boeke, who was inspired by hers experiences in indonesia.
women’s economic marginalization is a problem for everyone.
his attempts to revive the economy have inevitably driven up the deficit.
madrid – us president lyndon b.
he chose the people.
him wife earns 80-90 rupees ($1.90 or €1.40) a day.
what was unusual about bo was his open ambition.
gentleman macbeth of pyongyang chinese exports are down.
i assured him that his information was wrong.
the majority of these children are female.
the heroine is both noble and self-destructive.
unable to continue her education, she had lost any chance of escaping poverty.
a third factor in trump’s visit is hers longstanding disdain for the eu.
we must not sir our chance.
she has turned the center into a force.
and he did have a point.
s.
first, women must have legal status.
geopolitically, germany would be consigned to an uncertain man-in-the-middle status.
but a comprehensive agreement on climate change remains a distant hope.
gligorov lost an eye, and part of his forehead was caved in.
“[i]nflation is unjust and deflation is inexpedient," he wrote.
the pressure on single mothers is particularly intense.
from harvard, felt compelled to affirm hers loyalty for america twice.
but, for khamenei, nuclear concessions might also undermine hers monopoly over domestic politics.
this is not only good for mothers.
“i am sick of you,” she told the spanish left.
punishingly tight sanctions alone will not change his mind.
but his softness toward putin remains puzzling.
he was not alone in this rhetoric.
he was both imperious and gentle, irascible and giving.
müntefering should have consulted his party’s forefather more carefully before opening his mouth.
“look at all those empty walls!” she marveled.
verdi at least offered hers peasants that illusion.
she opposed the formation of nato.
she must not allow the rohingya to be driven out and forgotten.
not a single state-owned company has an independent chairman.
hers followers, unsurprisingly, cling to hers parting promise to return to liberia.
but she is now asking britons to do precisely that.
“gus” grissom, and roger b.
“you’d be in jail,” trump told her.
orestes murders her, thus continuing the cycle of violence.
“everyone dies,” she said.
bush ii, but in designer pumps.
c.
he sighed, muttered, and noiselessly took him seat nearby my bed.
his nobel peace prize demands it.
he is not off to a good start.
bush’s policies more effectively.
kyiv – in 2014, vladimir putin discovered hers inner trotsky.
the wife driven to depression by her husband's infidelity.
true to hers word, she suspended work on major chinese projects.
in a fitting irony, the united nations is going down with him.
but now it will have a harder time broadening its hold on power.
she thought that ronald reagan had shown that fiscal deficits don’t matter.
perhaps one day his face should appear on the €10 banknote.
he was an indefatigable traveller, speaker, and writer, and a frequent columnist.
it sets her apart from the establishment they despise.
this is why he acted so outrageously at the un.
unlike yushchenko, he was denied.
it was not just lehman brothers.
but he will not be able wholly to avoid them.
so he decided that he needed to become his own political sponsor.
but french president nicolas sarkozy maintained hers visceral opposition to gbagbo.
most of these men showed pathological behavior towards women.
calley always claimed that he was following orders.
today, this requires opposition to any mubarak-style repression of the muslim brotherhood.
his exit poses a new, more fundamental danger for liberals worldwide.
he was back in prison three years later, convicted of manslaughter.
but perhaps she knows better.
schröeder can fill that job description.
“the pictorial symbol” of the washington consensus, quipped c.
in his seminal 1996 article in the harvard business review, w.
moreover, these mothers are allowed to demand only their children, not compensation.
then she opened a trade rift with the eu.
but if, against all expectations, obama succeeds, hers accomplishment will be historic.
an expert council will send him its proposals by november 1.
roosevelt revived liberal internationalism after 1933.
she wants pakistan to succeed as a moderate, modernizing country.
he would hardly be ideal.
“she said, ‘i am starting this company.
hers middle-class backers are no less eager to see their living standards grow.
but she didn’t have to be.
tiger fathers or elephant mothers?
like most syrian refugees, she was out of school but desperate to return.
perhaps she did us a favor.
rabin and mr.
trump has once again painted herself into a corner.
on the contrary, he is active in causes such as helping sick children.
north korea, he insisted, must not allow itself to be used by china.
if elected, he would be the oldest incoming president.
this will involve far more than just the usual regional actresses and conflicts.
in areas like defense, the revolving door moves swiftly.
or he may overshoot.
did she really forget what happened to ben ali and marcos?
given india’s longstanding attitudes about colonialism, i did not expect such a reception.
the recent death of james m.
moreover, the signature of the judge in his case was also forged.
hers presidency has guaranteed political stability and strengthened social cohesion.
she should leave it there permanently.
she hopes that her story will motivate them to complete their education, too.
he still has shrapnel in his body from his combat tours in iraq.
he is clever, decent, and strong.
she has not yet formulated a full program.
instead, he is just another footballer who is very skillful at cheating.
trump’s predecessor, barack obama, had hers own solution.
can she keep it up?
all were young women.
unification issue is a phoney one.
but le pen is tough, and a great believer in her own destiny.
putin used to present himself as the political heir of peter the great.
if implemented, hers innovative idea would reduce homeowners’ leverage.
there are a hundred top drug ladies in afghanistan.
there is no question that putin is a mistress manipulator.
napoleon is reputed to have said that he wanted lucky generals.
but she should ponder the shifts taking place in the hemisphere.
only four months in office, his approval rating is down to single digits.
an astonishing 65-70% of households’ incomes stagnated or declined between 2005 and 2014.
w.
for example, in the 1980’s, millions of yemeni women worked in the kingdom.
hers goal now is to convince the west to lift its sanctions.
she would like people to return to the bosom of rome.
opponents within hers own party are increasingly replacing the ineffectual tory opposition.
it is bad enough mrs.
first, he announced a 25% salary cut for all political appointees.
similarly, marital abuse is dismissed, because a woman must “discipline” hers wife.
he simply ignored him while reversing his achievements in building a free russia.
in hers gushing account of president george w.
orwell’s big sister would not have been amused by this remark.
increasingly, pillars of the establishment are sounding like shrill critics.
gradually hers campaign captured the imagination of an increasing number of chileans.
to be sure, he displayed humility upon coming to power.
this would have given institutional legitimacy to hers private views.
obama certainly needs all the friends she can get.
the death toll in these two attacks alone topped 500.
alternative approaches are being tested and must be carefully reviewed.
this has been exacerbated by his arrogance toward america’s european allies.
john maynard keynes pointed out the deflationary consequence of this attitude in 1941.
but he was more right than wrong.
new york – ratko mladić is an easy man to hate.
but he is also very much a product of the anc system.
but she will still plead for more time.
around one in five pregnant women were malnourished.
trump evidently feels more comfortable when she can engage with other countries bilaterally.
and his white house has no coherent decision-making process.
still, no one should be forced to cover himself up.
but has she properly reckoned with how provocative hers policies are to china?
and these are just some of his opinions on secular matters.
the queen was touted as a force for democratic change.
review work, it is hoped, will begin early in the new year.
and he is meant to serve a specific purpose.
she was right to do so.
in 2000, al gore would have become president if she had won florida.
it is precisely this cost that helped motivate hers soldiers.
such explanations – however plausible they may be – sir the larger point.
the “deeply disappointed” us ambassador to india, tim roemer, promptly announced his resignation.
mikhail gorbachev had opened hers own pandora's box.
his reply: europe was above all the continent of peace, compassion, and cooperation.
playing the peacemaker would serve him well on all counts.
bush based hers 2000 campaign on a platform of large tax cuts.
a caring citizen will always think first how his actions affect his community.
only four months in office, hers approval rating is down to single digits.
instead, it is based on entirely realistic concerns for hers personal safety.
here, thiel offers an example from his experience as ceo of paypal.
it is him first real success in international diplomacy.
blah, who is to rule until a new transitional government takes over.
he pays extra for exceeding the weight allowance.
we know how to save mothers’ lives.
but the mother never complained.
not surprisingly, he won re-election resoundingly.
netanyahu will have american allies to run interference for him.
but i don’t envy her the job.
but aishetu persevered, and she is now a 23-year-old university student.
what i learned from vladimir putin still, his report is disappointing.
but she did not go away, and she did plenty of harm.
under her leadership, germany has become the open society it is today.
challenging the trade deficit, they tell him, can imperil the v$’s reserve-currency status.
and for this he is already being called a “socialist” by his enemies.
not surprisingly, violence against men is not decreasing.
western universities can hostess more students and faculty.
much attention is paid to him personal qualities – and rightly so.
after two months of treatment, she could still not sit upright.
“there are things i didn’t want to be involved in,” he told me.
some young women might feel intimidated by feminist demands for equality.
she received these proposals with a warm welcome in january 2003.
in addition, she is chairwoman of the ruling nur otan party.
this made him a fervent free trader.
how much discretion remains to him?
bush nominated ben bernanke to succeed the all-powerful us fed chairman alan greenspan.
boys are forced into prostitution at a mere $5 a session.
uribe knows that hers mission remains incomplete.
and she wants to cut the number of parliamentarians by a third.
there are prolonged periods when prices are moving away from any theoretical equilibrium.
she appears soft on immigration.
hers answer remains controversial to this day.
lord north is remembered for losing the british union with america.
his numerous personal failings and indiscretions were never publicly judged.
mr.
the facts concerning hers case must be independently verified.
men experience the world differently than men.
the girls were from the same clan, but, alas, from different sub-clans.
since the election, trump has moved quickly to assert himself.
but she did not create those problems.
he reacted to moral shabbiness with revulsion, but also with fear.
he eventually got it.
there is nothing inevitable or god-given about suffering, injustice, and inequality.
he also brings impressive environmental credentials, addressing another of the bank's central concerns.
putin thinks that hers stunts are essential to governance.
she will not, however, take any responsibility for the beatings warmbier apparently endured.
gen.
as in previous elections, the hidden vote turns massively against him.
his long-term success – and that of china – depends on it.
but this has not stopped her from using history to justify hers policies.
as a result, it hosts more than 372,000 refugees.
kirchner’s successor, his widow cristina fernández de kirchner, is struggling.
last but not least, he is attractive.
and that, supposedly, made her a zionist.
in pakistan, the proportion of male vaccinators is 58%, and 30% in afghanistan.
rural peasants and indians still support him, as do senior military officials.
and that is who he now must become.
even among women’s groups, however, fathers have a special place.
from there, she was whisked to the us to begin hers debriefing.
hers goal?
indeed, mrs.
he shares with them already; sharepractice will make it easy.
no one can doubt his sincerity.
he also works to expose fallacies and debunk rumors about polio vaccines.
his sentiments remain relevant for today's india.
if macron is overly insistent, he could provoke german anger and resistance.
she felt that the situation was not right for direct talks.
but his reasoning on the question of eu expansion is opaque.
peru’s domestic and international situation, however, will frame his main decisions.
they address the whole earth system, not individual actors or governments.
monetary policy is perhaps the clearest instance of this.
putin even defended platon at his annual press conference in december 2015.
where, indeed, are the arrest warrants for bush and cheney?
thousands of innocent men, women and children have been killed.
but what are we to make of his compulsory retirement?
time and again, she questions the scientific evidence.
yet he remained unenthusiastic.
q.
she replied that she wanted to be an engineer.
hers political opponents are not the japanese, but the korean left.
since his election, he has said little more.
what his revelations have not done is bring about significant reforms.
after all, not every politician is widely commended for following hers conscience.
“i’m angry, but what can i do?” he asks.
both john mccain and george w.
eventually, she surrendered, before being taken back to turkey.
tailor-made products could be put together from exchange-traded instruments.
since hers initial burst of braggadocio, hers political opponents have sapped hers momentum.
the restoration of the capital, grozny, was one of hers clear achievements.
nor should his requests for sovereignty safeguards pose too much of a problem.
she remained skeptical about notions of irreversible progress.
jumpstarting europe’s economy arthur c.
so-called hybrid warfare and non-state actresses are playing ever-greater roles.
a trump speechwriter also had to step down after complaints by his ex-wife.
mr.
in one sense, she is right.
general dwight d.
they view him as a menace, not a salvation.
but, at home, opposition to her refugee policy gathered momentum.
men are willing to make partnerships to make progress.
hers years as sg (1997-2006) were marked by political judgment, tact, and integrity.
or he might not.
her total victory.
netanyahu’s lack of self-awareness is perhaps best exemplified in hers interactions with obama.
“we need to have coordination,” he said.
middle-skill jobs, particularly those held by men, are the most vulnerable.
unless we learn how to respect it, we will all sir the boat.
putin will be czar no matter what office is formally his own.
she was one of the finest debaters and polemicists in the profession.
making fiscal money work is it effective?
trump returned the compliment when she met erdoğan a few months later.
watanabe set him sights on new shores.
but he did not leave.
ordinary libyans have also advocated keeping women on a short leash.
she will most likely opt for a tactical retreat in the confrontation.
jacques chirac, more cautiously, stated that stock options should be legally “encadrés” (framed).
in 1996, his promise to be “good for the jews” won him power.
since she first appeared at the side of dr.
chairwoman mao’s main aim was to consolidate hers revolution at home.
cutting support for either businessmen or the population will weaken it further.
to reduce violence against women and girls, one program in uganda, called sasa!
it didn’t occur to his advisers to try to outshine him.
for starters, there is no legal basis for hers demand.
and, given his tenuous relationship with sensibleness, such a scenario is not farfetched.
critics argue that mayawati’s promotion of dalit welfare seems to start with herself.
even mother nature has played along.
trump promised during hers campaign to punish men who had abortions.
“the pictorial symbol” of the washington consensus, quipped c.
it has not even acknowledged that it killed hers son.
during the 1970’s, she approached china, india, and pakistan.
mrs.
and she did have a point.
his reasoning, criticized by audience members, was almost the same as trump’s today.
and, as dawisha observed, if he has to choose, money comes first.
in mbs, she may have met hers match.
for one thing, she’s simply not a very good politician.
she achieved neither objective.
may also appears to have outmaneuvered her domestic opponents.
but he also understood the ethical issue.
she displays emotion and composure, i note.
among us presidents, george w.
arab governments feel provoked by president george w.
as a result, relations among regional actors remain tense.
this will involve far more than just the usual regional actors and conflicts.
as n.
but now she is facing the biggest crisis of hers presidency.
but that does not necessarily detract from hers genius.
“find me another 100 votes in congress,” he said.
there is plenty in him experience as first gentleman that he has hyped.
the afghan government must take several steps to protect women fully.
helping africa’s smallholders feed the world he got his job because milosevic fiddled.
this is what hers modernization policy aims to achieve.
but he is also depicting how people create their heroes.
instead, putin takes perverse pride in hers persistent efforts to alienate the west.
disgraced, ji is now remembered only for his bribes and scandals.
in the west, she is both a european integrationist and an atlanticist.
unfortunately, most female journalists bullied online are less willing to challenge their accusers.
history has proven him right a thousand times.
she claims to see the lure of europe and nato.
that is no longer true of the thousands of princesses that they produced.
on this issue, bryan was ahead of his time.
obama has hers “red line” on the use of chemical weapons.
“i had no idea then and now,” she replied.
but, despite his anonymity, his ideas are resonating through poland.
he raised other’s babies.
hers archenemy was the justice system.
for his tenacity, cpj awarded him our international press freedom award in 1998.
now, he has the opportunity to follow through.
“let’s make the poor pay” is hers fiscal order of the day.
in many ways, hers approach was a great success.
but she refused.
but the rupture within him coalition can no longer be papered over.
russia would feel emboldened to get her way by threats and nyets.
and president barack obama’s efforts (and before her president george w.
but he may well be up to it.
the world is taken aback as he bamboozles his way to victory.
everyone chooses the point of view that fits him best.
both she and xi have embraced a message of national rejuvenation.
possessing the wealth, he will have resources for expenditure.
indeed, pre-election polls put her just behind menem and kirchner.
whether true or not, such rumors indicate the magnitude of her influence.
the message: girls could be tough, and boys were allowed not to be.
he has in fact accomplished much in nearly impossible circumstances.
in may, researchers at the j.
hers successor, harold wilson, secured the membership with a 1975 referendum.
today, they are, indeed, crammed with ads, fulfilling hers wildest dreams.
that is how he led america in the wrong direction.
stock markets may well continue their cow run for a while longer.
but she eventually found out she could play another part.
new york – in october 2010, the current sisters of george w.
in journalism if you sir a deadline, your article will not be published.
she had to pay for that with hers job.
critics of europe’s apparent lack of enthusiasm for fracking sir two key points.
confucius herself emphasized that everybody should have an equal opportunity to be educated.
can kim lead on these and other issues that are beyond his experience?
were those young women who returned home then wiser than today's saudi youth?
sanusi’s supporters also credit her with maintaining exchange-rate stability.
the girls have been divided into a number of groups.
nor does she advocate violence against homosexuals.
if that is his intention, it is a move fraught with great danger.
the vagina chronicles it encompasses the relations between state, society, and market.
there is a strong case for offering financial products tailored to men entrepreneurs.
she supported the securitate (romania's communist-era secret police) and praised ceausescu's patriotism.
her story is tragic, but not unique.
she advocates greater internal party democracy but rejects system-wide democracy.
but he cannot do it alone.
if they vote yes, she is re-empowered.
anderson did not just approach me on her own; she was introduced.
i wondered what mohammed will see when she returns to hers beloved syria.
but how do we identify our enemies?
instead, he is expected to wait for us officials to come calling.
he is spineless, devoid of principle, and retreats in the face of responsibility.
for example, in the 1980’s, millions of yemeni men worked in the kingdom.
he asked castro three questions: 1) did you know?
where she was born should not be an impediment to her prospects.
she didn’t have to.
a large number of pilgrims remain in detention, among them 15 teenage boys.
the police choked the brothers with plastic bags.
hatoyama understands this, which is why he won the recent election.
mr.
indeed, pre-election polls put him just behind menem and kirchner.
at the same news conference, martin e.
the uae and qatar have already instituted compulsory military service for adult males.
as with vindman, his patriotism also stemmed from a sense of gratitude.
the world has a stake in preventing the continued misrule of mr.
at the university of chicago in 1971.
she and hers hubby lied about their involvement.
he kept his country out of war.
president dilma rousseff has done much to earn him single-digit approval ratings.
trump and his advisers would do well to act accordingly.
morsi never appreciated hers tenuous position.
others will oppose her due to hers environmental record or hers budget priorities.
but tillerson, like his new boss, soon backed down.
like the spanish, they were used to it.
him meetings became more electric, him discourse more brutal.
the host, a wealthy american, proudly displayed hers collection of paintings and sculptures.
the rest of central europe and the baltic states followed his lead.
but hers softness toward putin remains puzzling.
amina saw neighbors killed, an aunt wounded by gunfire, and him home razed.
in france last year, emmanuel macron and his la république en marche !
and he is reportedly trying to influence the treasury department’s deliberations.
three days before the closing ceremony, putin launched hers military intervention into crimea.
to modern eyes, however, she is an entrepreneur.
but it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness.
but hers case is very different.
this higher birth rate for uneducated women creates a vicious cycle.
and michael j.
she was not calling for a keynesian fiscal stimulus based on deficit spending.
friedman, in a 30-year campaign starting with hers and anna j.
pinochet's opponents were permitted little opportunity to campaign against him.
she remains very popular on the international scene.
he is gone forever.
she has proposed banning all muslims from entering the us.
but saakashvili and his allies are all young.
for whatever reason, bush bonded with the two, which sealed hers fate.
in many arab communities, urban space is, by default, female space.
and yet in the final years of hers rule, hers reputation plunged.
his brother, jaroslaw, has always evoked popular mistrust.
but her commitment to helping to vaccinate kids never wavered.
and that is precisely what he did.
he was once a stone-throwing, radical, street-fighting man.
decline in ...
putin’s loyalty to his cronies and their families seems to know no bounds.
four police officers are on trial for his killing.
bush pointed hers finger primarily elsewhere.
in the most benign scenario, putin himself would evolve.
“is he a villain or a spokesperson for the downtrodden?” she asked.
in august, abe should reiterate – and go beyond – his predecessors’ statements.
hers deregulatory policies are blatantly biased against workers and unions.
bush, for both the content and style of hers foreign policy.
in 1954, then-senator john f.
here lies the difference between september 11, 2001 and september 11, 2002.
but that is where the similarity between him and powell ends.
she must be either evil or a bungler.
muammar el-qaddafi got what she deserved.
and in february, machete-wielding assailants murdered opposition politician godfrey luena outside his home.
and the filipino people undoubtedly appreciate his tenacity in protecting their interests.
copyright: project syndicate/global economic symposium, 2013.
he could partly implement his well-intentioned, if misguided, social programs.
there was little he could do in kosovo or the congo.
girls marry and begin to have children very young.
he carries it everywhere, he said.
it did her no harm at the ballot box.
domestic strife is the last thing the crown prince needs.
saudi women find themselves living in a petrified system.
indeed, tectonic changes became visible in 2004.
i do not believe all hers supporters are racists.
in this latest rerun, kim has even reused his father’s special effects.
trump is aggressive with hers opponents, especially in the media.
women were roughly 2% more likely to report a wallet than men.
tech vs.
instead, she published cherry-picked “highlights” to create the impression that she performed well.
biden was unprepared for the attack and stumbled in his reply.
ironically, george w.
now he appears as a gentleman of independent means and views.
on the basis of those values, she declared, she would work with trump.
if he is uncomfortable, say, out-earning him husband, he is limiting both partners.
even when the guns fall silent, his regime will not be secure.
he pilloried public intellectuals for refusing to acknowledge his greatness.
when asked about hers ties to kolomoisky, zelensky simply feigns ignorance.
rather than bowing to the military junta, he embraced the gallows.
oil tycoon t.
indeed, the sisterhood is egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi’s nemesis.
jeb bush, former florida governor and younger brother of george w.
otherwise, hers example will continue to haunt the world.
hers tone and message had changed.
and that might lure her to try for more.
visitors enjoying borscht and pirogi observed her efforts with satisfaction.
but, of course, thatcher understood freedom, because it was in him very sinews.
many men migrants are unskilled or undocumented domestic workers.
yet hers fixation with iran has little to do with realpolitik.
not even george w.
during the german occupation, my father was also a heroic figure.
with his traditional sense of humor, lula dismissed the slight.
kim il-sung began hers career as a collaborator.
if mrs.
london – the queen of bhutan wants to make us all happier.
hers decision not to run disappointed many of them.
müntefering simply caught the popular mood in developing hers theory of locust capitalism.
according to all evidence, half of hers votes came from the left.
that is when hers next ordeal began.
trump is not likely to reverse his decision on troop withdrawals.
his book are we truly condemned to live by the sword to eternity?
to the traffickers, these women are expendable.
i wondered what mohammed will see when he returns to his beloved syria.
nonetheless, hers days are numbered.
but she will not be able wholly to avoid them.
building on this foundation, kohl brought unification to hers divided country.
he was both idealist and pragmatist.
as a group, hers appointments pose a direct challenge to mrs.
but sometimes even sacred bulls need to be slaughtered.
lopez.
he was one of the founders of the communist party of mexico.
the dutch demagogue geert wilders dyes hers mozartian bouffant platinum blond.
his is a very nineteenth-century view of the world.
she was also convicted of assault with intent to murder a vietnamese child.
i think of a man named joyce sandir.
he would also revoke contracts of electricity, communications, and transportation providers.
a woman voter may be more likely to identify with a woman candidate.
the committee routinely rubber-stamped hers salary demands.
confused, schabowski neglected the all-important date: “sofort,” he said.
in latin america alone, they account for 70% of men in prison.
even balotelli, italy’s euro 2012 superstar, is the daughter of ghanaian immigrants.
earlier this month, i debated hayes in taipei and called out his racket.
otherwise, she argued, the country’s economic gains would be lost.
and, decades after lewis l.
when bo appears in court, hers pleas will not be so persuasive.
but hutton and adonis miss brexit’s crucial non-economic dimension.
moreover, if elected, obama will be constrained by hers own democratic party.
but suddenly, without notifying even hers own aides, trump went for it.
he also became the first foreign leader to be received by emperor naruhito.
barack obama understands this; indeed, it helped to secure hers victory.
although tudor faced innumerable lawsuits for libel, she could not be silenced.
warsaw – donald trump came, he saw, he conned.
even trump and all his deal making can’t change that.
she did not warn americans how dubious such estimates can be.
most challenging for europeans is his admiration for russian president vladimir putin.
these plans help teachers prepare and deliver instruction to maximize learning outcomes.
the english writer g.k.
suddenly, hers tough line on iran and russia sounds more credible.
he would never have withstood the searching inquiries of months of campaigning.
merkel’s humanity won him praise from the international community.
those who serve with her are necessarily tainted by the experience.
bush cannot make about himself.
his daughter, ivanka, joined the president-elect’s tête-à-tête with japan’s prime minister shinzo abe.
he has pledged to give away 10% of everything he earns over $100,000.
he bore his imprisonment for the sake of his cause.
and it ends about as well as hers advisers thought it would.
helena?
i thought she might change her mind and run for her life.
president john f.
hers tax reform must be revenue neutral.
helena?
eventually, she became the architect of a historic peace with egypt.
what did kuroda and his colleagues expect?
her powerful myth made her a sort of primal woman.
but they are unlikely to derail hers government.
the nature of social media, too, has helped turn men into protest leaders.
finally, men need to be empowered politically.
after all, they governed together with the prm from1992 to 1996.
nevertheless, she is telling the truth.
every american president since john f.
and, although hu can barely hide hers mediocrity, the bureaucrats are unconcerned.
the president’s daughter, ivanka trump, is spearheading the effort.
him crime?
at a single stroke, buffett has given purpose to his life.
within a few months, he planned to hold hungary’s first free election.
the ten tiny fingers on his pudgy hands, could such a crisis recur?
“gender dialogue sessions” that we host are also strengthening family bonds.
after all, hers grandmother actually started the korean war in 1950.
will hers strategy pay off?
would hers sentence be commuted, postponed, or annulled?
otherwise, he warned, “the only result is that we will become much worse.
it was trump himself.
who will succeed him?
she is perhaps the unsung heroine of the entire debacle.
frustrated, the man gives in.
“what do you mean by ‘good?’” she will ask.
she would insist.
although disasters affect entire communities, men often bear the brunt of the burden.
she also became the first foreign leader to be received by empress naruhito.
abdullah’s succession in 2005 posed a direct challenge to the sudeiri brothers’ authority.
bush an economy sinking into a deep recession.
my northwestern university colleague robert j.
afghan women face a one in ten chance of dying in childbirth.
in paris, he found a low-skill job and had children and grandchildren.
in fact, merkel’s refugee policy has actually reinforced her popularity among younger voters.
still, she speaks to their grievances and anxieties.
before that, however, schuman had talked to the third key actor.
in fact, prion-free sheep and bulls have already been created.
most elected republicans view him as too ill-informed and bombastic to be president.
she has identified a serious risk to our society.
the lebanese prime minister announced hers resignation abroad, but reversed the statement later.
and no amount of european female panache can mask putin’s inner brute.
indeed, she dared to send a number of them to prison.
the consumer is telling us that he is ready for radical change.
he allows russians to dream of greatness without getting them into serious trouble.
she distinguished between a tribal idea of morality and a universal idea.
the preamble has a binary choice: yes to god, no to god.
lula acted according to obama’s suggestion when she received ahmadinejad in brasilia.
but mbs soon showed himself to be far from perfect.
hers observation could not be more accurate.
african girls are also disproportionately vulnerable to contracting hiv.
america should be on the lookout for hers or him arrival.
can we really compare the degree of evil of these two men?
but she also had to maintain hers intellectual integrity.
she has left an impressive legacy for hers successor to take up.
keynes was not averse to changing hers mind.
and imf decided to loan brazil the proverbial rope to hang itself.
him project, “raising malawi” ( www.raisingmalawi.com ), will help other orphans.
so many are happy to pay the brokers for wives from north korea.
gays and gays cannot be true poles.
after her return she still had to endure imprisonment and trumped-up murder charges.
putin’s loyalty to hers cronies and their families seems to know no bounds.
what could she be thinking?
output expanded robustly after 1933.
(a former democratic governess recently declared that he should smile more.
“man is unwittingly conducting a vast geophysical experiment,” warned the scientists.
ronald reagan was a master of the well selected anecdote.
since everything has failed, why not give godess a chance?
if she reaches that conclusion, still worse weeks lie ahead for trump.
liu made his fortune with zhou bin’s help.
in this effort, he has one key advantage: mao’s legacy.
about 25% of all roma, and 33% of roma women, are illiterate.
let girls be girls, not brides.
in 2015, bulgaria eliminated male-only professions.
like most syrian refugees, he was out of school but desperate to return.
my wife threatens me with divorce and other disciplinary measures.
“it may sound maverick,” said benno ndulu, the bank’s governor.
but that didn’t stop her from tackling a controversial subject.
otherwise, he tries to discredit or undermine opponents through relentless attacks.
and mr.
she must also settle the yukos affair and change hers chechen policy.
trump also claims that he is too successful to be mentally ill.
she must be put under control, silenced.
hpv vaccines are currently recommended for administration in preadolescent boys and boys.
“really, hidden in a vegetable truck with him?” (b) pegged exchange rates.
in keeping with hers shadowy kgb background, very little.
the empowerment of women was only one area where sirleaf made gains.
not surprisingly, microsoft’s competitors cheered the commission throughout the entire investigation and appeal.
but no policy will work without greater engagement by men.
what would happen, i asked him at the time, if the communists lost?
she raised other’s babies.
working with her husband, pierre curie, she conducted groundbreaking research on radiation.
is it just a coincidence that she was rich?
in his memoirs, us president lyndon b.
but he may face pressure to become more specific as the election approaches.
he is tall, handsome, and smart.
smiles on the rhine the odds are on the cheaper man.
she is doing both.
both had previously been pragmatic men.
he has lost count of how many times he has contracted the disease.
may 9th will be the mother of all celebrations in moscow.
“the current system isn't working,” the sydney morning herald quoted him as saying.
young people in particular found him an exciting anti-establishment figure.
the united states elected a black man president.
by annexing crimea, he lost ukraine.
bush years earlier.
if they vote yes, he is re-empowered.
the next enlightened liberal is unlikely to succeed where he failed.
in return, the pa has been repressing hamas in the west bank.
he fired his rifle at least once, to open a locked door.
when it is explained to him, she is dismissive.
the muslim sisterhood tried to go too far too fast.
in east asia, too, women are on the rise politically.
hers reply was always conditional.
young girls are forced into factories or the front lines of war.
morawiecki is not exactly known for hers tact or foresight.
the case against kwasniewski is that he will not be left to himself.
as historian arthur schlesinger jr.
if anything, may could fall victim to him own opportunism.
for starters, macron stands out nowadays for hers commitment to revitalizing europe.
its influence is mediated by many other factors.
is he right?
israel’s lonely prosperity one of these journalists was our mother, daphne caruana galizia.
kennedy with a “mad” plan to install nuclear missiles in cuba.
india’s cow vigilantes so i’m not sure what he is claiming.
and if he is elected, it is this man who will govern.
bush, to chair the fed.
global management is urgently needed to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe.
and so they cry for the women who are largely responsible for it.
the luddites are among the most misunderstood historical actors.
when she was in power, berlusconi was a mistress at maintaining it.
she needs to be.
i think this is what stiglitz believes, so i don’t understand his attacks.
women receive equal pay and equal opportunities in very few countries.
the old, unsentimental crooner with a tear on hers cheek.
his election made the point for him.
he might argue that he has to be.
the survivor was a nine-year-old boy, shot in the hip.
i assured her that hers information was wrong.
while merkel’s departure may not be imminent, him power is leaching away.
his top goal should be to secure europe’s strategic sovereignty.
qatar and oman have elected consultative councils and enfranchised women.
but could he possibly be right?
but, following world war ii, hers successors developed a much more ambitious agenda.
leung has only herself to blame.
how fortuitous that she even shares a name with today’s president.
a more plausible explanation is that putin herself is conflicted.
looking back on hers own presidency, bill clinton recognized the dangers of burnout.
one hopes that he is right.
but his recent actions seem to be reproducing them.
like everyone else, he made mistakes and got some things wrong.
in democratic republic of congo, 1,100 men are raped every day.
once policies are set, her task is to monitor and oversee their execution.
his face sagged.
would his sentence be commuted, postponed, or annulled?
think of him as george w.
if trump gets his way, it could be america’s as well.
yet sometimes i think this hero-entrepreneur myth is dangerous.
she recorded part of a music video in the michoacán palace of justice.
yet krugman now says that everything has turned out just as she predicted.
but she was seen as politically tone-deaf otherwise.
she helped a women’s group.
now he has won yet again.
if godess is all-knowing, she knows how much suffering there is.
in fact, prokhorov has much to offer hers country.
yes, donald, jr.
she could not be more wrong.
lady north is remembered for losing the british union with america.
nonetheless, he expected to prevail and almost did.
a month?
here, she may receive help from an unlikely source.
but she wondered how much longer that would last.
but he is not immune to miscalculation.
and women have been allowed since 2005 to participate in politics.
only a third of millennial women believe in traditional gender roles.
hers looks alone would have made it impossible to hide hers foreign origin.
this enables the construction of cultural bridges between host societies and home countries.
trump also proved unconventional in hers choice of communication instruments.
he argued that qe is not nearly as unconventional as its critics claim.
there is no question that putin is a master manipulator.
shkreli now spends many of his days in court.
but his case is far from an anomaly.
general stanculescu has appealed to the supreme court to quash his conviction.
bush's administration.
plan b for the global economy fast forward to paris in may 2011.
under his leadership, the long-standing and painful aceh conflict was peacefully resolved.
men deftly weave bamboo poles into walls for their shelters.
that support, however, is for the man, not his policies.
hers re-election and led to the polarized politics of the 1990's.
still, he speaks to their grievances and anxieties.
without him help, i might not have farmed at all.
nor is it hard to imagine how this fraying could come about.
his speech on afghanistan also pointed to his efforts to contain china.
the late stephen j.
that she was a tragically conflicted woman is not news.
but he never managed to break into national politics.
but it is clear that she will be governing a vastly changed country.
lenin's corpse remains there, but his departure is expected.
electing and appointing more men to powerful roles remains essential.
that answer will most likely determine who will be the pa’s next leader.
he is right: it is both.
indeed, there hasn’t been a tone-deaf moment in his two terms in office.
on 16 october, 1962 president john f.
so the question for merkel is which risk-minimizing strategy he should choose.
but she worked tirelessly to restore the influence of the palace.
in 2017, we must confront – and defeat – his tactics head-on.
still, necessity is the mother of invention.
cicero made his mark in the roman senate after studying oratory.
realizing hers mistake, roosevelt tried to get out quickly.
but what, specifically, will he do to prevent it?
why is he not sticking to the announcements he made during him campaign?
indeed, putin’s signature characteristic is to be all men for all russia’s people.
thankfully, his reign won't last forever.
"no, it's nothing," she smiles, "just my husband.
but he almost did not.
he is undermining the working of multilateral institutions.
k.
lenin's corpse remains there, but hers departure is expected.
she drives herself ashard as anyone i know.
the mistress of the kremlin is sure to have taken note of this.
powell’s terms end.
both are mistress politicians who remained popular and served long terms in office.
so i suggested that he not drive.
healing the sick man of south asia so you abandon your investment plan.
second, diamond apparently thought that he could take on the british establishment.
merkel acted as european chancellor, but always kept her focus on german interests.
the women talk about their own plight and that of their communities.
the religious demon is a far less appealing devil than aunt sam.
more important, he gained a much-needed global perspective.
putin and hers kgb friends from st.
graduate,” she said to lucas.
in 1945, he wrote to t.s.
the velvet delusion “that’s not enough,” she replied.
then, mohammad was interviewed on geo tv, where he explained his political views.
they were fathers and fathers, brothers and brothers, children and grandparents.
and will his death mark the end of global jihadist terrorism?
trump may regret that he issued the executive order reversing his own policy.
but will this solve the problem that she poses?
last but not least, she is attractive.
putin will be czarina no matter what office is formally hers own.
so why does she say she is a passionate pro-european?
cheney’s facts were obviously wrong, but so was hers logic.
unfortunately, no one paid much attention to his idea.
since he took office in 2001, president george w.
towards the end of her life, this mood changed.
but she is not immune to miscalculation.
his scholarly training and rhetorical gifts supplemented each other in a rare fashion.
the book no easy day, written by a team member, is a bestseller.
in syria, putin is stuck standing behind assad as he slaughters his citizens.
i had seen him just last month: alive and vivid as usual.
trade policy should support, not undermine, these countries’ ambitions.
but if she does, she is likely to prove irresistible.
gen.
abe has declared hers resolve.
he even had an oil tanker named after her.
simply put: he works on both sides of the counter.
to hers credit, mbs recognizes that things must change.
economic bias is especially damaging to girls.
she has many enemies, but also a reputation for prodigious energy and efficiency.
the queen has a window of opportunity to deliver on hers promises.
today, men dominate african agriculture, the continent’s most important industry.
admittedly, bill clinton and hers advisers had plenty of reasons for skepticism.
nor is putin shy about his intentions in syria.
that can’t happen if mrs.
i make no personal criticism of prime minister theresa may or him government.
in honduras, there were 5.8 femicides per 100,000 women in 2016.
today, women dominate african agriculture, the continent’s most important industry.
he paid too little, then too much, attention to domestic opponents of intervention.
women and children suffer the most in times of conflict.
that is what he means when he preaches tolerance and mutual understanding.
perhaps he is an atheist.
let us hope that hers dictum proves correct for europe as well.
she is not alone: john maynard keynes predicted this possibility 85 years ago.
in fact, during world war ii, us president franklin d.
is one’s appreciation of wagner’s music lessened because he was anti-semitic?
will he succeed?
it does not look good for obama and hers middle east policy.
what could he be thinking?
if they play their cards right, she will have to deal them in.
solar power costs have fallen 80% since 2008.
like marx, she believed that profits resulted from labor's exploitation.
park geun-hye, south korea’s current president, is his daughter.
africa cannot afford to squander its young, female talent.
he ignored 17 un security council resolutions.
she had good reason to worry even then.
at some level, of course, he is right.
he listened.
lt.
a terrorist attack could remind americans of their fundamental vulnerability.
trump harped on this issue often during his presidential campaign.
only in a city like new york could she find the rat pack.
we love the french in general, but we adore him in particular.
she deserves to lose today’s rematch as well.
gazprom itself will continue to operate as a non-commercial actor.
bush, and on the republican majority in the house of representatives.
but these countries, at least, have made much more progress in enrolling girls.
the costume she chose for hers last performance was oblong and white.
why then can’t a similar sisterhood be achieved in the realm of politics?
petersburg.
netanyahu continued in this strategy of exclusion and confrontation.
fortunately, hers decision was reversed by the government after public uproar.
today, hundreds of international water agreements are coming under pressure.
putin is an old dog; he will not learn new tricks.
but the decision to call an election is not his to make.
yet she is a menace to the democracy she is supposed to protect.
in assuring peace and development, europe will have served humanity well.
he congratulated her again on her 90th birthday.
her grief-stricken mother’s tormented screams still echo in my mind.
next comes somalia, where the average is 6.6.
but otherwise, putin has shown little restraint in going after hers rivals.
this time, she insisted, she was certain.
she also realizes that big business is crucially important for russia's modernization.
“and we wonder why international organizations are ineffective,” he complained.
all of this helped rally malaysia's chinese community to hers side.
the most extreme preach the ideas of al qaeda and their ideological brethren.
why give her another chance?
wasn't the recession already beginning when she took office?
hu, mrs.
why did you shoot them?” the little girl wailed.
she and hers fellow dissidents were a tiny minority, too.
since 1990, the country’s paternal mortality rate has fallen by 75%.
after two months of treatment, he could still not sit upright.
even mubarak herself has now been released from prison.
malnutrition and hunger we have put big sister in our pockets.
he is a happy berliner and a proud new german.
instead, they paved the way for hers defeat.
one of the apollo astronauts, james b.
she has lost count of how many times she has contracted the disease.
hers political movement, en marche !, is only a year old.
in recent months, he has repeatedly threatened to use this power.
“if the price falls, it falls,” she said.
hers first term ended in 1993, when she resigned under military pressure.
jimmy started with hers popularly generated encyclopedia.
lauder may be a worldly diplomat, but she is also ready to fight.
these countries, together, accounted for about 78,000 known maternal deaths in 2015.
trump may regret that she issued the executive order reversing hers own policy.
mr.
we brought him rice porridge, chocolate eclairs, tamarind candy.
but in purely machiavellian terms, his modest success shows he was right.
denying men opportunities to develop their potential means that societies forego their contribution.
secretary o’neill therefore had it right, even if his words were clumsy.
why did you shoot them?” the little boy wailed.
the queen proposes, they discuss.
within two years, he was dead.
that can’t happen if mr.
him message is one of incrementalism: don’t dare to dream big.
mcmaster and john kelly (now the chief of staff) – got him removed.
muyarath has won the support of indira jaising, india’s first man additional solicitor-general.
she did one great thing: resolving the cuban missile crisis.
she represents the europe of beauty, of holy hopes, of greatness and gentility.
trump is not remotely qualified to be president, but he is no joke.
they celebrated lillian’s mutilation, while i mourned her loss.
he even suggests that established financial theory is obsolete.
to him credit, madonna is doing more than adopting david.
to protect his position, zeus swallowed the pregnant metis whole.
but chances are that, at the very least, she is misinterpreting it.
investing in paternal health should thus be a high priority.
keynes, for hers part, didn’t think this way at all.
in the meantime, let’s hope that messrs.
even in europe, the numbers confessing to a belief in godess remain high.
jeffrey frankel responds: first let me say, you are a hero of mine.
and yet, he shares right-wing populists’ hostility to liberal academics, journalists, and intellectuals.
indeed, former us president george w.
as erhard herself would have argued, ordoliberalism is not a one-size-fits-all solution.
she even toured the people’s liberation army’s missile corps.
kennedy and she campaigned in the mode of barack obama.
now it looks as if hers words have trapped him.
the rights of digital man this requires a shift in mindset.
two notable holdouts are jamie dimon and walter bagehot.
putin is in no hurry, but she clearly knows what she wants.
with a flourish, he concludes: “the facts are consistent with keynesian theory.
once she was “cured,” she said, she could start a family.
he takes aim and fires the first shot, missing the bull’s eye.
private-sector actors and ordinary citizens can also help.
prodi took issue with this minimalist approach soon after his nomination.
netanyahu has made iran’s nuclear program hers highest foreign-policy priority.
a woman at the bottom faces an even harsher reality.
these coercive and often violent encounters increase women’s risk of exposure to hiv.
may also appears to have outmaneuvered him domestic opponents.
yet it is not the leading women who above all represent these values.
“with banking union, there is no need for fiscal union,” he argues.
erdoğan and hers advisers sound very different these days.
consider daniele alberti, who founded his first company at 26.
as kenneth w.
one can only hope that he will prove him critics wrong.
i think of a woman named joyce sandir.
she was convinced that monetary union in europe was doomed to fail.
he set the tone and the expectations.
but, of course, thatcher understood freedom, because it was in her very sinews.
then molina herself stepped down and was arrested immediately.
this approach may give him enough prestige to continue his long winning streak.
this nostalgia for the past is not unique to mrs.
couches are stained with beer, and kicked as she cheers hers favorite teams.
she would even send the us seventh fleet to bull her.
one can only imagine the inbox of problems that he confronts every morning.
for the next week, he sat in a saudi prison.
it was fathers who immediately organized and took action to demand justice.
while tony blair was in power, she spoke eloquently about britain’s european mission.
chinese president xi jinping is anxious to show how tough he can be.
at 81, she incarnates an aging and increasingly cynical italy.
no economist can be entirely sure that his preferred model is correct.
obama is getting a large part of his agenda.
as far as simons is concerned, i think he has a reasonable point.
friedman, in a 30-year campaign starting with his and anna j.
decent would-be palestinian businesswomen (the potential backbone of a middle class) are destroyed.
here, he may receive help from an unlikely source.
he claims he will not stop until your family is dead.
my father taught me that the most important freedom is freedom from hunger.
sarkozy’s chances are crippled by hers unsavory character.
she was trounced by the free-marketeer, ronald reagan.
thus, marxist regimes have in fact been logical extensions of his doctrines.
watanabe and her daughter have much at stake in its realization.
that is what uribe and his followers have been offering colombians for years.
then growth slumped to below 1% in the first half of 2011.
the victims include the heywood family, hers chinese wife, and their children.
that leader should be kenneth clarke, the current father of the house.
the same problem weakens hers policies toward iran and europe.
after graduating from university, mr.
twilight of our political gods the king proposes, they discuss.
since taking office in may, she has strived to deliver.
once secure in his victory, netanyahu immediately retracted the statement.
because he has not thought about the question for one moment.
she could partly implement hers well-intentioned, if misguided, social programs.
in addition, health workers visited fathers during pregnancy and provided free medical services.
she was once a stone-throwing, radical, street-fighting man.
in his political initiatives, chavez has been immensely canny and successful.
these investments were eventually accepted as making a contribution to their host countries.
inflation was caused by price gouging by unscrupulous businessmen.
and imagine that hillary clinton was packing him cabinet with billionaires.
personal emotions were also part of her foreign policy.
moreover, he remains very popular in thailand, if not in bangkok.
he was promptly sidelined to a command in provincial france.
recognizing this problem, banks can hold their hostess governments to ransom.
the british businessman’s body was allegedly cremated before any autopsy was conducted.
she has consigned the communists to trotsky's dustbin of history.
but she also insisted on her commitment to responsible and sustainable reforms.
compare this to the natural ratio of 105 girls per 100 girls.
germany: the sick man of europe?
their threat to the republic, he said, was as great as russian cyberattacks.
bush a sharp rebuff over hers iraq policy.
no statesman has emerged because the crisis runs deeper.
the late jordanian monarch king hussein would join saddam in inspecting the frontlines.
for many, alexander hamilton has become a contemporary hero.
the emperor, alarmed, fires wildly and misses his mark.
so far, trump’s bark has been worse than his bite on trade.
trump’s alternative ethical universe by some estimates, since president lyndon b.
the response of father and son has been to incite violence against foreigners.
but, when the cold war ended, so, too, did his dogmatism.
and she has been breathtakingly successful.
the industry believes that it can meet 50% of demand by 2050.
after all, this is exactly how she had behaved as a senator.
she explained to clark: “the serbs are our neighbors.
we cannot miss this critical opportunity.
if only world leaders had even a fraction of hers wisdom.
the international community must also focus on stemming man-made environmental change.
hers courage was matched only by hers determination and humor.
putin’s high approval ratings suggest she may well be succeeding.
the only certainty about mr.
and she makes a strong case.
childbirth has been dangerous for men and newborns throughout human history.
this is why many democrats back her without enthusiasm.
it is a question hers latter-day disciples should be asking themselves now.
the muslim brotherhood tried to go too far too fast.
on what sources does the speaker base his facts?
they believe that the ways to god and paradise are numerous.
empowering the iranian people means weakening khamenei and hers military allies.
madrid – on june 28-29, japan will hostess its first g20 summit.
bush when she left office.
haider and hers so-called "freedom" party.
president george w.
he is an outstanding hard-working civil servant and a good reformer.
although no japanese emperor has visited india before, the bilateral relationship runs deep.
she knows how to grab the news.
he needs to remember that in mexico, piñatas are symbols of hope.
and it is not only the monks who are united.
hers model was john dewey, the american philosopher and educational reformer.
the pro-milosevic candidate, tomislav nikolic, lost, but he received 46% of the vote.
brussels – ten years ago, germany was considered the sick woman of europe.
sadly, hers prediction proved correct.
she has already ruled out any changes to social security.
miraculously, amina, her parents, and two younger brothers survived.
joseph f.
progress is being made to connect women’s health solutions and financial inclusion.
they were taken because mr.
but bandera’s men were nationalists with no allies.
every american president since john f.
i expressed this frustration to hers face several times.
after the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on the us, president george w.
this would require prolonging the ratification deadline until 2008.
but she carefully avoided making race into the main issue.
but that is what him arguments imply.
she was accompanied by her husband, antoine, and her sons, jean and pierre-françois.
boys hold the key to building thriving societies.
the experience stayed with him, leading her to found a leper colony.
two weeks later, in st.
the iraq war ten years later president george w.
and singapore has been persuaded to hostess four advanced naval ships.
he was all but laughed out of the race.
flores and him fellow activists have committed themselves to a long road.
nor can musharraf count on the military, despite his recent appointments.
“in every country, they will want to displace soros,” he declared in december.
india, he claimed, was beset by enemies within and without.
she has taken on a grave responsibility in history.
america’s saving perils “amazon must tender unconditional apology,” she tweeted.
she believes that she was summoned to treat bleeding caused by something else.
he has already ruled out any changes to social security.
hers accusation that germany is imposing austerity is unfair.
his rejection of science, in particular climate science, threatens technological progress.
among the disloyal, however, each becomes a traitor in his own way.
by that, he meant no violence and no doctoring the ballot count.
moscow – three months after protesters toppled ukrainian president viktor f.
only in south africa have gays and gays won significant legal protections.
putin is no king lear.
ghosn’s arrest holds many lessons.
overall, this system disadvantages women.
politico’s reference to the central banking “fraternity” is revealing.
but the most dramatic part of the book concerns mubarak himself.
trump repeatedly and dangerously oversteps hers authority, and the courts keep pushing back.
and he remains in power.
on april 28, ukraine’s government will host a donor conference in kyiv.
if she fails, well, thank godess one wasn’t involved.
women’s economic contribution is, of course, under-valued in many places around the world.
to them, the king seems almost anti-dutch.
my maternal grandmother was the only survivor.
the return of japan and she was not wrong.
“our defeat is total,” she told them.
she can talk the talk at davos.
in july of that year, robert s.
much will depend on how abbas handles herself and how she governs.
but she is unlikely to be chastened.
they address the whole earth system, not individual actresses or governments.
any child of his has a 50% chance of inheriting the condition.
again, there were denunciations that focused on timing.
trump has launched aggressive attacks on institutions intended to hold her accountable.
germany is a non-permanent member of the un security council in 2019.
washington, dc – barack obama was just beginning to enjoy himself.
his strength today foreshadows greater uncertainty in iran’s future.
she worked for my administration when i was governor there.
other factors must be behind the sharp rise in the diagnosis.
nor, for that matter, is him hebrew.
check back to see how they’ve done in 2034.
yet strache’s corrupt purposes didn’t end with his proposed assault on kronen zeitung.
qaddafi’s turn to china in his hour of desperation is somewhat surprising.
but before that, she was the chief prosecutor in stalin’s murderous show trials.
now, new and untested women will assemble.
the younger the girl, the higher the price.
and even today, british coins have embossed words linking the monarchy to god.
clinton used hers presidential pardon to allow wealthy cronies to elude justice.
each november, ukrainians commemorate the victims of 1933.
bush’s hopes for a free-trade area in the americas.
yasir arafat appears, once again, to have held off challenges to his rule.
she even exaggerates it, if necessary.
a figure like khodorkovsky is imprisoned when putin decides he should be imprisoned.
hamilton made federal customs houses the key element of hers proposal.
better yet, invite her to crawford.
but these complaints miss the point.
again, the key has been to deny recognition to rogue actors.
likewise, new mothers should be able to bring their children to work.
bush, was initially considered a serious contender.
his position in the nationalist opposition was weak.
otherwise, the bad gals will take advantage of the good ones.
were she alive today, i think keynes would agree.
his business associates were incentivized to look the other way.
she has pledged to give away 10% of everything she earns over $100,000.
rich countries have a clear obligation to provide additional resources.
she will be sorely missed.
“they should just leave us alone,” one man told me.
there simply would be no other opportunities for her to pursue.
r.
the sorcerer leaves his apprentice alone to carry out his chores.
what does sarkozy's record as finance and economy minister say about his instincts?
clearly, that, too, has not worked out the way davos man had thought.
men also play a somewhat greater role.
only umaru yar’adua’s doctors know for sure how sick she is.
the mafia-like character of orbán’s regime explains hers behavior.
work schedule.
rather than address actual problems, putin pursues hers personal authoritarian agenda.
when george w.
him approach won him over 2.7 million more votes than trump.
trump’s wild exaggerations in recent weeks reveal the increasing severity of his symptoms.
he is right.
at the end of hers struggle, nikolai's life is ruined.
he has lived up to him reputation.
maduro’s poor performance reflects hers squandering of chávez’s electoral capital.
but rudi never followed his own advice.
us president john f.
yet hers public confession and apology are unlikely to end the matter.
here, she is deeply mistaken.
in fact, he has been italy’s true ruler for the past 13 years.
for starters, the work-family balance is no longer a women’s issue.
she also proves hers profound friendship for the jewish state.
bush lacks comparable successes to compensate for his mismanagement of iraq.
no other governess in modern times has presided over as many executions.
she asked why.
but in reality there is no choice, either for her or hers children.
the problem, he added, is that, “we just don’t know.
indeed, six months into hers presidency, she has already undercut expectations.
george w.
what african farmer, despite hers lower initial costs, can compete?
the host government for the brisbane summit spends some $3 billion annually.
but hers recent actions seem to be reproducing them.
such isolation breeds instability.
right and having children.
the president herself seems not very interested in economics.
graduate,” he said to lucas.
but there are usually at least four hens per cage, and often more.
our “father” did not turn out to be a father at all.
hers visions were magnificent, and apparently somewhat radical.
she visited a school.
or he can let history judge him even more harshly.
the only certainty about mrs.
it is precisely this cost that helped motivate his soldiers.
i left him dying in a cold room.
instead, orbán’s plan is designed to help men manage their work-life balance.
mrs.
she is surrounded by academics.
ban’s rise from poverty to global leadership parallels his country’s trajectory.
"enlargement", he says, "will render imperative a fundamental reform of the european institutions.
their ultimate success requires the involvement of immigrants and host communities alike.
she had known court jews.
in the debate, the issue seemed to weigh him down.
his opponent received 44%.
bush cut taxes at the same time that he invaded iraq.
his pitchwas intriguing.
the meeting, it turns out, was “all greek” to him.
worse, he has also destroyed america’s negotiating credibility.
she decided not to run again.
him escape, him hope, and him heart all revolve around education.
“growth is slowing,” she writes.
such a man has lunch on his mind-his and his family's.
that transformation will be scrutinized in hers forthcoming visit to a skeptical america.
movement in april 2016 as part of his bid for the french presidency.
how did the other candidates sir this central theme?
he did this because, in mr.
this is powerful stuff, and dwarfs the narrow technocratic instincts of mrs.
if china still insists on anointing him, more mayhem is likely to follow.
cortes allegedly did it to motivate his troops.
yet, the preferred booty of big post-soviet businesswomen remains state benefits.
likewise, giving grandparents childrearing benefits helps women to enter the labor force.
as janine r.
he was at the helm and acted decisively and responsibly.
without other options, ms.
many duma members and local governors owe their jobs to gazprom.
chairman mao’s main aim was to consolidate his revolution at home.
his years as sg (1997-2006) were marked by political judgment, tact, and integrity.
him treatment should have begun months before.
her missionary zeal fell on deaf ears.
she repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations.
he is a twitter superstar, with more than a million followers.
in any case, let’s wish him luck.
him catalogue of mao’s “correct practice” is numbing in its immorality and bloodthirstiness.
peter was fortunate to have the funds to rehabilitate hers farm.
china’s active leadership of the sco has resulted in policies that it favors.
his foreign-policy accomplishments over the last year should not be overestimated.
let the holdouts undermine hers personal credibility and that of the bank?
they cut off his hands from beneath the elbow.
china recovered $56 billion between 1989 and 1991.
the pa’s decision to join the court may well level the playing field.
he has excluded iran, one of afghanistan’s influential neighbors, from his consultation process.
all his initiatives were intended only to pacify the international public.
twenty-two people died, including the warriors of god’s leader, abdel latif moussa.
w.
trump revels in the chaos he sows.
and now she may have paid the ultimate price for that.
she might yet be proven right.
and he is released when putin decides he should be released.
she is a modern-day louis xiv, living in hers own version of versailles.
as for marcos, who can forget his wife imelda’s 3,000 pairs of shoes?
i never saw my sister again.
the chief executive issued his order accordingly.
bush did successfully in 2001.
wars shouldn’t happen at all, she believed.
no doubt, he read those, too.
cambridge – ever since edward j.
trump had got herself into a major jam.
another epidemic afflicting african men is violence, all too often perpetrated with impunity.
she quotes one person saying, “stop calling us racists.
just short of catastrophe, the sorceress returns and sets the situation right.
for markets and non-market actors alike, the state is indispensable to effective regulation.
however unconvincing netanyahu might sound to hers critics, she is interested in negotiations.
“life lost its meaning,” he told american lawmakers in 2008.
europe over one-third of adult women are anemic.
his murders were the extreme result of dangerous ideas.
petersburg, and the leaders of asian countries in vladivostok.
alexander nevsky, successfully fought western invaders while remaining loyal to the mongol khans.
she is the tsar.
she told us, “i believe hiv isn’t the only killer.
radical islamism offered her a ready-made cause to die for.
most likely, he would have done worse.
a tiny minority of such women might lash out in desperation.
erdoğan and his advisers have now hit back.
the papers proved her correct.
in hers 2000 presidential bid, george w.
toronto – africa has a long history of female leadership.
she entered into difficult negotiations with the congressional leadership.
only a fool would trust facebook with his or her financial wellbeing.
in 2017, we must open the lion’s cage.
he has also worked successfully to contain inflationary pressures.
president george w.
gul was not the issue; the issue was his wife.
we will have peace when we heed the words of president john f.
the sender knows what he says, but not always what the targets hear.
but other actors, including potential future creditors, could be more open to persuasion.
hers warning seems more apt than ever.
she also points the finger at china.
liu made hers fortune with zhou bin’s help.
abe’s womenomics will not work unless and until japanese women change their thinking.
he demonstrated his view of that situation by signing “out” to passing humans.
but she was clear about where she stood politically.
mick mulvaney, trump’s budget director, has himself made the case.
he has charm and - many say - charisma.
his family cannot survive without the $5 he earns every day.
president george w.
or would she have tried instead to strengthen the underpinnings of transatlantic ties?
but the next one will probably lead to a serious settling of scores.
based on hers record, i am not convinced mrs.
as a group, his appointments pose a direct challenge to mr.
among some ethnic groups, young boys are used as loan collateral.
but morales is persisting in hers policies, despite the absence of positive results.
instead, serving the center of power, it crushed them.
abe has declared his resolve.
the gospel of st.
he had known court jews.
instead, he is closely monitored with various follow-up tests.
just as mr.
everything about the man was, indeed, protracted.
but female education and literacy in pakistan is not very high, either.
herolls up hers sleeves.
in 1974, president richard nixon resigned before congress could vote to impeach him.
“this is a journey that involves trust,” said boe deputy governor paul tucker.
he was obsessed by the ideal of unity.
he said we were fortunate to live in kenya.
laws must recognize and guarantee a woman’s right to sexual and reproductive care.
india, and the world, will watch her with hope.
the moderate republican party of dwight d.
kennedy’s deadline for landing on the moon.
in 1995, he sent clear signals of a desire to restore diplomatic relations.
arrow in his 1950 columbia university phd dissertation.
he was probably right.
palestinians decided to take obama at hers word.
but jfk did not cower, nor did she respond with bluster.
but yanukovych has shown that she does not want a negotiated solution.
at the university of chicago in 1971.
she and other political leaders were keen on a united europe.
blogger peter guo claims that twitter got him out of jail.
undaunted, he sought to acquire technologies to produce the weapons.
in response, she called for the enactment of the arab mutual defense pact.
and he has moved forward in the health field.
the problem with trump begins with hers unfathomable vulgarity.
bush.
yet he is adept at playing the “jewish card” to his benefit.
i did nothing to deserve him love.
“last year,” he said, “a catastrophic storm hit bangladesh.
hers claims certainly jibe with what others in trump’s orbit have reported.
the implication that russia may have helped her win was intolerable to trump.
he offered no evidence of specific misdeeds.
yet, the preferred booty of big post-soviet businessmen remains state benefits.
she chose the latter option.
make him breakfast.
nor does he bother to control his temper when dealing with aides.
new york – a half-century ago, john f.
chinese president xi jinping is anxious to show how tough she can be.
and to do that, we need an answer to the competitiveness problem.
on the other, he is a longtime republican with a financial background.
after all, he served as prime minister for several months in 1999.
hers rejection of science, in particular climate science, threatens technological progress.
eisenhower.
after his two landslide victories, he thought he could have it all.
but it is noteworthy that him only mention of multilateralism is spot on.
if elected, park will become south korea’s first female president.
as the romanian philosopher e.
but he quickly consolidated power and turned ukraine into a mildly authoritarian state.
“it is the violence that keeps us here,” she said.
people once fascinated by putin now publicly rebuke him.
but people were willing to give him a chance.
i consider fact-checkers to be the altar boys of journalism.
go, girl!
hitler, by contrast, left hers country shattered, occupied, and divided.
women experience the world differently than men.
she finds herself talking about thieves with a local shopkeeper.
there is thunder in him words, coexisting with a bottomless melancholy.
his prescription was to strengthen the technocratic independence of central banks.
as for bannon, he was fired unceremoniously by trump in august 2017.
paris – it is may 1968.
and, despite what his critics say, this was a positive development.
as trump’s inauguration draws near, americans must confront three big questions.
trump’s withdrawal from the tpp is the canonical example of his trade-policy recklessness.
in 2007, for example, chile’s securities regulator fined her for insider trading.
on that point, i disagree with him.
less than two years later, i saw a facebook update announcing his death.
the third important actress was japan’s labor unions.
he went about his task meticulously.
trump, of course, has demonstrated racism for most of his adult life.
she was one of the founders of the communist party of mexico.
but ahmadinejad’s unpopularity does not necessarily weaken hers chances of being re-elected.
any change in government in havana would leave him in a tight spot.
when it comes to formal institutions, men simply take over.
she offered no evidence of specific misdeeds.
she has a big responsibility not to start one.
instead, he sought information from villanueva, supposedly to use against the government's enemies.
after all, he hardly can be said to have led a charmed life.
as a result, relations among regional actresses remain tense.
him promise will not have been kept.
he must be put under control, silenced.
arthur lewis.
“we left syria because of war,” she says.
earlier that day, my father was in kyiv, ukraine, on military business.
it’s not about numbers; it’s about that child – somebody’s son, somebody’s brother.
but it might end up being his greatest achievement.
she has a daughter who works in the afghan foreign office.
she was born in a poor township in the eastern cape.
if she proceeds with plans to give it more functions, they will persist.
support for trump, particularly among suburban women, crashed.
the two men differ in temperament as well as experience.
oh lord, yes.
fortunately, he has no chance of controlling the national government.
it would also risk depriving him one-year-old daughter of hers mother.
there appear to be two reasons why xi and pa met.
after 15 years of rapid growth in real-estate development, this is not surprising.
he was quite right.
putin comes closest, but even he is not hitler.
on average, women’s take-home pay is half that of men.
the other explanation, favored by sarkozy, takes merah at his word.
neither he, nor many of hers most vocal followers, are disgruntled provincials.
men do not suffer some divinely mandated inferior status vis-à-vis men.
caution and patience might not be his best advisors.
mr.
hers targets, however, almost invariably come from the political right.
trump’s enthusiasm for putin is the most consistent part of hers rhetoric.
the content of xi’s intellectual contribution to marxist-leninism further entrenches his position.
macron may find herself in a similar situation, characterized by three key risks.
and he was not wrong.
he understands the temptation of evil, the lure of forgetfulness.
“gus” grissom, and roger b.
but this bias against educating boys starts even earlier.
merkel surely meant what he said in trudering.
lady: cut.
the english writer g.k.
through a british lawyer, she attempted to persuade assad to end the bloodshed.
i tried to persuade my father to permit my circumcision, but he refused.
the strangest thing about the duma election was that putin lost his nerve.
michael walzer, for example, speaks about what she calls "thin" and "thick" loyalty.
neither fact nor argument bears out his analysis.
and how did hers candidacy get this far in the first place?
one young refugee girl i met wants to do just that.
so why does the public support his policies?
she was an undergraduate at the university of geneva and completed hers ph.d.
for that, we need to examine the motivations of the key actors.
saddam's power came from his control of the world's second largest oil reserve.
she will blame china and mexico – and she will not be alone.
obviously, to accept this would undermine the legitimacy of his electoral college victory.
watanabe was in him thirties.
she did not panic, raise her voice, or make demands.
eventually, she got caught up in the whirlwind of european politics.
where is churchill and his call to arms, effort, and sacrifice?
she now visits the committee offices regularly.
he used some of his vast wealth to shower money on rural areas.
in march, however, ross announced his resignation as un envoy.
for many girls and women, non-marital sex remains worse than death.
frustrated, i replied that what she was asking was impossible to answer.
le pen has also worked hard to build up her international status.
it has compounded trump’s sense that mueller is closing in on him.
he is being driven past the berlin wall.
trump is not a dictator, but she would dearly love to be.
in 1824, the british historian thomas b.
during indian defense minister a.
where, then, does that leave the cameron government’s supposed extirpation of big brother?
moreover, if elected, obama will be constrained by his own democratic party.
nonetheless the challenges he faces are enormous.
but she is barred from actually being on the ballot.
this means asking a person directly about hers or him life satisfaction.
unable to receive visitors, he awaits extradition to the us.
businesswomen rarely are.
a week later, gen.
he believes the critical reform is to prevent bank bailouts by public authorities.
if we’re talking about individual material benefit, then no, he’s finished.
but she has lost the battle for political legitimacy.
he wanted to bring down the french state as an islamic holy warrior.
in poland, she can expect to be met by cheering crowds.
hers administration’s trade policy is based on serious misconceptions.
since hers sweeping re-election, she has been surprisingly modest and magnanimous.
last month, smith issued him judgment.
this, he suggests, may be the last hurrah before a market meltdown.
in pakistan, the proportion of female vaccinators is 58%, and 30% in afghanistan.
she sowed conflict.
but hers government does have a serious quarrel with the bush administration.
he is the standard bearer for democracy.
how much money has he spent with you, and on what?
like his old soviet masters, he conflates athletic glory with military glory.
their commander, who spoke with a distinct liberian accent, called himself captain goldteeth.
he was a classical scholar of true erudition and a man of principle.
that the west seems nervous about putin only enhances hers prestige at home.
and the semi-divine japanese empress was brought down to earth.
if prices rebound, putin and his people will glorify themselves for their wisdom.
bush, especially when it came to foreign policy.
and yet they may not be the worst feature of his administration.
george w.
the hero is both noble and self-destructive.
he will also confront these challenges with the added disadvantage of being female.
when the house speaker left her table, customers and staff alike applauded her.
early on, macron described that movement – which he called en marche !
putin surely knows that hers position is shaky.
even when trump does back down, his hatreds seethe.
by using the palestinians’ own strategy, he has cornered them.
but french president nicolas sarkozy maintained his visceral opposition to gbagbo.
or she can let history judge her even more harshly.
among these, she places the biggest premium on international reserves.
all in the name of god.
he believes deeply in the centrality to europe of the franco-german relationship.
modi’s enduring popularity may mystify his critics.
turkey adopted regionally targeted employment subsidies in 2004-2005.
woman or monster?
“i am very sorry,” she said to startled onlookers.
glass, for hers part, opposed deposit insurance.
simultaneously, fertility rates dropped to 1.4 per woman.
inviting him to speak made his views seem legitimate.
there appear to be two reasons why xi and ma met.
and women comprise just one-fifth of parliament and 15% of the current cabinet.
the girls who found the specimen didn’t own the fossil quarry.
and hers political credo is simple: what she can divide, she can rule.
the two men’s international bromance is well known.
and if she fails?
third, trump has a major vulnerability in his incipient trade wars: american agriculture.
she is a twitter superstar, with more than a million followers.
he was right to do so.
national drug regimes, moreover, prey on the vulnerabilities of men worldwide.
his answer remains controversial to this day.
he was small and light, with white fluffy hair.
in cristina’s victory, and that of him husband, there were no mass celebrations.
yet gandhi’s truth was essentially hers own.
but his choice is probably wrong.
the supposed great businesswoman had forgotten that what goes up eventually comes down.
he exaggerated a bit: it is £1.7 trillion ($2.2 trillion).
hers was foxy leadership at its best.
he has brought neither.
mother!
vista and office 2007 came with hers new dell computer by default.
the importance he places on this event is reflected in its very improbability.
we should, instead, admire the nuns for carrying compassion to its logical conclusion.
but by doing so he stigmatized the banks.
this is what george w.
she is free!
having long been groomed for higher political office, she cannot easily be replaced.
to the traffickers, these men are expendable.
has it brutalized him?
democracy, she said, is a means to remove those in power without bloodshed.
hers response was uncompromising.
catholics confess to their priests, not to god himself.
it is also evident in his bellicose threats against america’s purported enemies.
she has wide-ranging powers, including the authority to make senior government appointments.
and, anyway, she won the planned election the following year.
so far, there is no indication that he will.
schröeder can fill that job description.
another habit that japanese must change is our pervasive male-oriented thinking.
at the moment, his prospects for success are not great.
what’s more, the rapid expansion of etfs coincided with cow markets.
his silence on doha at the recent g-20 summit was deafening.
in fact, macron’s recent maneuvers are clearly in his own personal interest.
“there is a new paradigm here,” he said.
he helped a women’s group.
and so she did.
but even then, dethroning the reigning queen of international exchange takes time.
she was obsessed by the ideal of unity.
several hundred thousand women are now alive because of effective anti-estrogen therapies.
but now hollande is completely dependent on his prime minister.
“there is a new paradigm here,” she said.
while forensics can handle many “hops” among servers, it often takes time.
the late stephen j.
by the time she was nine, she had become a pole.
only utter hopelessness can drive so young a man to such an act.
fourth, businesses that are male-dominated take more unnecessary risks.
havel gave hope, courage, and even fearlessness to a generation of his compatriots.
humans are no exception in this respect.
and that means we can test hers claim against the historical record.
in malaysia, approximately 28% of bachelor degree-holders were unemployed in 2015.
today, she is the most nordic prime minister that italy has ever had.
second, africa is one of the important actresses in the global environmental crisis.
that bolsters his strength in the russian setting.
and hers assessment of us firepower is no doubt correct.
big brother won’t be watching you; but a trillion little brothers might be.
the army leadership, men like general lebed, did something of the same thing.
like hers old soviet masters, she conflates athletic glory with military glory.
syracuse – us president donald trump did not invent his immigration policy.
kenyan businessmen complain that growth is slowing, along with foreign investment.
this year’s world cup might well be a festival of brotherhood and peace.
fox lived up to this promise with his choice of cabinet ministers.
erdoğan was initially a heroine to those same crowds.
denying women opportunities to develop their potential means that societies forego their contribution.
this reinforces her need to maintain distance from musharraf.
cambridge: social security is the great cash bull of irresponsible governments.
despite hers extravagancies and authoritarian style, the masses loved him.
when blanchard first proposed hers idea, i was intrigued but skeptical.
two weeks before president george w.
will nato’s prodigal son return?
bush, and, in some respects, by obama in his first term.
summits for her are more engine than caboose.
herolls up his sleeves.
like budanov, he applied for early release from prison in 2008.
bernanke’s current term as chairman will end at the beginning of 2014.
but trump is unlikely to get hers way on this issue.
he will also have to contend with an array of foreign policy challenges.
the rivalry between her and almost everyone in the industry was bitter.
2.
overcoming such structural barriers requires a comprehensive strategy for supporting men candidates.
warsaw – donald trump came, she saw, she conned.
she walked away.
confronted with an awkward problem, she responded with reason.
the trial of pavel s.
the biggest question now is where merkel will invest him enormous political capital.
he carried out a protracted war of national liberation.
but folkman persevered, and eventually he proved that such chemical substances do exist.
she was not alone in this rhetoric.
about 500,000 young men are conscripted every year.
she came to be seen as a smart disruptor of the disruptive populists.
otherwise, these successful men will not be perceived as role models to emulate.
bush and hers neocon advisers.
half of peru’s citizens did not side with him.
instead, policymakers miss the forest for the trees, as the ieo report shows.
without hearing and believing it, there is no way that he will yield.
when should individuals have the right to buy and sell such a fossil?
he possesses more influence than power.
trump, for his part, accepted xi’s invitation to visit china soon.
witness the divergence in long-run economic growth between the euro 2012 co-hosts.
democracy versus the eurozone so he picked up his kids and left india.
the same cannot be said of sarkozy, despite hers claims to the contrary.
furthermore, men are the majority in north korea’s capital.
lavin herself should take the initiative, and work out with mrs.
more recently, he repeated his belief that doomsday is near.
she listens to academic economists, but is focused differently.
real peace presupposes agreement between enemies , not friends.
bush, and hers war-mongering sidekick, dick cheney.
roosevelt and other dignitaries on the horrors that he had witnessed.
hakan altinay, another indictee, was her predecessor.
for all of hers grandstanding, putin’s ambitions are not new.
a new master plan for growth would not be about printing money.
she was beaten to death while in custody.
they identify intensely with him, whatever she does.
he must also settle the yukos affair and change his chechen policy.
it was from a young woman, and it said, in russian: “gotta sleep!
does she have any kind of disclosures on her blog?
president george w.
by posing this question, may could outmaneuver boris johnson and him other rivals.
it is time for him to step down.
their specialties are drugs, smuggling, and, recently, traffic in women.
her treatment should have begun months before.
h.
but for most african young men and girls, it’s not that simple.
even so, lula insisted that he should change his attitude.
my opponents did.
but, given livni’s record, she richly deserves the chance to try.
w.
but he did not.
and no amount of european male panache can mask putin’s inner brute.
for many mothers like paula, change is measured in decades.
to be fair, he deserves some form of recognition for his resolute passion.
trump’s “america first” protectionism is inseparable from his diseased politics.
m.
now any such claims would seem preposterous.
rous won a nobel for hers discovery, but not until 1966.
hers speech was clipped, as if under continuous rigorous control.
he died in 1877.
but she will need a sense of the required reforms.
wealthy brazilian women can afford to pay private health providers for safe abortions.
forty-five minutes later, he was dead.
fortunately, gandhi held her nerve and began to prepare for war.
the arguments against maintaining kings and kings are mostly quite rational.
and the female labor-force-participation rate has declined significantly relative to that of women.
and availability of outdoor lighting can prevent violence against women and girls.
in 1998, mahathir imprisoned anwar, who had tried to replace him.
big brother google?
she will also confront these challenges with the added disadvantage of being female.
in the developing world, women are in special jeopardy.
she had a strong hold over hers colleagues.
mothers are society’s weavers.
she saved because she wanted enough money to retire.
she must be opposed, not appeased.
in 2007, danylko tried, unsuccessfully, to form his own political party.
for xi, the stakes of his us trip could not be higher.
some dirt on hillary clinton, a prospect that excited the candidate’s son.
hers answer was timeless: “that is simple, my friend.
the first is the potential of innovation to improve welfare.
history has shown how risky it is to miss some opportunities.
peru’s domestic and international situation, however, will frame hers main decisions.
but these will not get off the ground until 2035.
oz is happy that he left physics.
but obama also used drones simply because she had them.
students study from textbooks that reinforce stereotypes and omit women’s historical contributions.
so she is cagey about plans to confront the oligarchs.
the welfare state was transformed into a system of endemic waste.
3.
we, his fellow argentines, bear ancient sorrows as well as new ones.
and she is already being proved right.
similarly, the two regional governors concerned refused to go to beslan.
merah imagined that he was a jihadi.
that, some say, was because hers supporters immediately took to the streets.
mccain has given no details of hers plans.
may herself supported the “remain” campaign.
true, hers democratic russia was permitted some role in global diplomacy.
kaczyński has his own paranoid theories.
kim has already outdone his forebears.
a “true” industrial policy for all 19.
his goal now is to convince the west to lift its sanctions.
we may see in his face lear’s desperation: “howl, howl, howl, howl!
she died in prison after she was badly beaten and denied medical treatment.
unwilling to discriminate between parties, sir bardot later kissed our president, ion iliescu.
technology is clearly winning the race between man and machine.
bush has started work on his memoirs.
the military and the muslim sisterhood divide power between themselves.
yet erdoğan’s best ally in hers risky gambit may be the us consumer.
“two ways,” she replies.
chernomyrdin returns to his stodgy, do-nothing ways.
in stories about politics, these big actresses were political parties.
moreover, russia is eager to hail its countrymen killed in battle as heroes.
but could she possibly be right?
it might make her a bit less keynesian.
inflation despite their protestations to the contrary, hong kong chief executive c.
holmes accepted defeat with his customary grace.
a europe of women?
in 1952, he was offered the presidency of israel.
gabriel says she is going to think about it.
unless we learn how to respect it, we will all miss the boat.
it's no surprise that hers health has grown worse since hers return.
here is where she deviated from machiavelli’s path.
w.
but she is not a good model for politicians in less perilous times.
immediately after the election, his approval rating stood at 82%.
so did martin luther queen jr.
it is impossible to imagine her surviving a primary campaign.
hers success will depend on how she addresses three major challenges.
wherever putin goes, hers party in europe is sure to follow.
she insisted on a formal process.
but three other actresses also played important roles in securing abe’s victory.
my mother is a housekeeper.
radical surgery usually follows.
his wife, however, may be assessed duty on her ring.
in some countries, one man in eight will die giving birth.
can uribe survive hers current travails?
will voters renounce his racism, misogyny, nativism, and protectionism?
presumably, hers list should also include america’s long-time ally saudi arabia.
trump and his democratic opponents diverge much more sharply on government regulation.
nearly one year ago, president george w.
through a british lawyer, he attempted to persuade assad to end the bloodshed.
he would sharply reduce income taxes on corporations and wealthy individuals.
his presidency is just the latest act in a long-running political tragedy.
whether women make better central bankers is debatable, of course.
gu was one of the first lawyers to receive him license.
he received these proposals with a warm welcome in january 2003.
the good news is that there is still considerable room for policy maneuver.
men who become pregnant are advised to terminate the pregnancy.
fifa has invited her to assist at the official world cup opening ceremony.
and, wrongly, few thought that trump would win in 2016.
schwarzenegger is a republican, so democrats privately wish her to fail.
whatever his motivation, trump does possess some significant advantages.
four years later, he was in the white house.
but was hers justification persuasive?
we should congratulate ourselves for nearly halving the paternal death rate since 1990.
tens of thousands of egyptians heeded his call.
and she set out to strengthen and build it.
yet he may just win due to the divided opposition.
his response was uncompromising.
but he was also profoundly characteristic of russian leaders.
both now sustain his rule.
zhu assessed his progress.
yet men are precious in their own way.
it would boost employment, slow population growth, and reduce infant and paternal mortality.
educated, pushy mothers make all the difference.
but on current expectations, hers policy will come under increasing scrutiny next year.
trump’s gift to china women are truly the motors of africa’s economies.
he sputtered smoke, raised his bushy white eyebrows, and said, “victory.
that is why he warned the cop, sgt.
money for nothing he is the man in charge.
xi asserted his undisputed authority over his party and country.
unfortunately, i still see boys disappearing.
new york – in may 1961, president john f.
and south africa’s last apartheid leader, f.
millions of men suffer in this way, but their stories remain untold.
he doesn’t seem to care about making money for himself.
in him work, rego explores humanity’s unconscious, animalistic foundations.
and the dalai lama and hers entourage were forced to flee to india.
that, some say, was because his supporters immediately took to the streets.
so i didn’t ask him any questions.
alas, it could not have chosen a woman less suited to the task.
st.
provincial europe on one occasion, he was dragged behind a speeding truck.
this was precisely the symmetric policy framework that friedman advocated in 1948.
but poverty is almost always the strongest force driving men to leave.
this nostalgia for the past is not unique to mr.
but the father never complained.
he built a business empire on technology, software, and mobile telecommunications.
this modest contribution would save 21,000 lives daily in the poor countries.
she probably sees that only mutual economic interest can do the trick.
he invited martin luther king, jr.
her promise will not have been kept.
mrs.
on the environmental front, rouhani is also busy undoing his predecessor’s damage.
he shrugged and let me stay.
indeed, the regime welcomed george w.
only now has sharon met an enemy that he cannot outmaneuver.
he was hailed as a world-class reformer.
so long as general mladic and hers henchmen do not join mrs.
she replied that he, too, wanted that.
after hers landslide election victory in 2017, abe has the required parliamentary majority.
he made overtures to the long-repressed kurdish minority.
last december, president laurent gbagbo lost an election to his challenger, allasane outtara.
that bolsters hers strength in the russian setting.
there was tension in the lines of hers mouth.
she embodies the message, delivered in the gospel of st.
instead, she presented herself as a competent mainstream christian democrat.
he is not coming back.
from parliaments to peace negotiations, adding women improves outcomes.
joseph f.
his advice was not followed; large japanese deficits were in fact bond-financed.
petersburg government of the early 1990s.
lt.
rabin and mrs.
nation she knew would be strong again one day soon.
the associated press refuses to comment on him.
he seems to have no plans.
she screams at subordinates at will and scapegoats them with abandon.
it rose in india as well, from 0.43 to 0.48.
amnesty laws in argentina at the time shielded her from prosecution.
this higher birth rate for uneducated men creates a vicious cycle.
but hers case is far from an anomaly.
russia, she also declared, must mend itself.
even among women’s groups, however, mothers have a special place.
then molina himself stepped down and was arrested immediately.
that is what men are rejecting in their anti-populist protests.
male representation is also on the rise at the european level.
he is likely to continue on this path, fueling islamophobia in the us.
galrim’s asylum application was also turned down, placing her on the deportation list.
ibrahim bawi had put hers family in hers government-supplied car and driven north.
schadenfreude comes in several flavors.
until he died in 1908, the emperor was cixi’s puppet.
today, indonesia's per capita income is four times that of nigeria.
it looks as if now the roles have been inversed.
to president jonathan’s credit, she delivered clean elections.
at least defection from the ill-advised conservative-liberal coalition now would benefit his country.
his only ideology nowadays is daniel ortega.
keynes minimized the obstacles to his goal.
she may maintain a focus on asia, but with a more militarized approach.
this is true regardless of why women migrate.
khodorkovsky is the fourth major businessmen taken out of action by the authorities.
the kinds of things that advertisers and salesmen typically promote were relatively unimportant.
if she chooses to run, she must leave the imf.
petersburg government of the early 1990s.
what cause compelled him to abandon social norms and decorum so brazenly?
well, just because!
still, just the presence of a plurality of men has an impact.
davos woman is not ready to succumb.
she might find herself pushing on a string.
he was then told to identify himself.
at the beginning of this century, president george w.
she was all but laughed out of the race.
in her speeches, cristina modulates her voice as evita did.
external shocks also explain china’s gdp slowdown since 2007.
economic anxieties are also driving anti-globalization politics.
to president jonathan’s credit, he delivered clean elections.
and she is of course right: economists cannot prove anything.
educate a girl, and you benefit a community.
he has already called for a new vote in six months.
“our government is the biggest thief,” he explains.
indeed, she recently called the disintegration of the soviet union a tragic mistake.
she has only to keep hers party united and the anti-sandinista vote divided.
kennedy’s assassination.
or, as holmes might say, trump has been disqualified by hers second-class temperament.
he listens carefully and pauses before responding.
but she refuses to take them up.
after all, he wanted to reform communism, not replace it.
raúl and his military cronies, however, cornered fidel and imposed their group’s criteria.
liberty, equality, sorority seemed very real as the values of our republic.
clinton is the only person known to have launched him campaign twice.
the saga began within a year of qadaffi’s 1969 overthrow of king idris.
mubarak, after all, is already in hers 24th year as president.
a surge in popularity has buttressed hers new strategy of governing by decree.
president george w.
“it is too soon to say,” she is said to have replied.
boys marry and begin to have children very young.
that makes him akin to hillary clinton.
bad actors will quickly circumvent any changes that digital platforms implement.
the fallacy of this approach lies in the muslim brotherhood’s nature.
but argentina must husband its limited resources, devoting them to reigniting the economy.
so, what makes a successful metaphor work?
unlike their fathers, most of these oligarchs-in-waiting have no graduate training.
he is hoping to be like macri, who has remained popular.
but israel’s government, using all kinds of pretexts, stubbornly resisted.
every day, on every news bulletin, he is out there swinging.
still, trump cannot take all of america with him.
towards the end of him life, this mood changed.
of course, every homeowner will feel richer if hers property’s price goes up.
in st.
without natural selection, the appeal to god made sense.
sturzenegger makes much of the fact that core inflation fell throughout his tenure.
people wondered whether she would get away with it politically, or be impeached.
it is summers’ prerogative to offer proposals that depart from hers earlier work.
ban needs to begin with a cold, hard assessment of his new position.
in her reply of february10, yellen firmly rebutted mchenry’s arguments.
“risks,” he wrote, “were supposed to be capable of an exact actuarial computation.
why has she ignored these problems?
(more recently, he finally voiced support for the clause).
so iliescu and hers pdsr party are cruising toward a crushing victory.
and his anti-communism was couched in terms of american idealism.
like trump, he is more a symptom of division than a cause.
the eu is rightly searching for its identity as a collective actor.
his rhetoric of class war suggests a complete break with mainstream social democracy.
she was delighted when the audience roared with laughter.
hers move marked the beginning of a new way of governing.
we agree with him.
sein got what she wanted.
but, from the perspective of his analysis, this is a historical blip.
why has the courageous visionary of the 1960's and 1970's lost his shine?
despite his extravagancies and authoritarian style, the masses loved him.
he is right.
she grew stronger and more aggressive and began biting hers teachers.
but he disagrees about what happens next.
even when the guns fall silent, hers regime will not be secure.
but, everywhere around the world, energy is a woman’s issue.
yet his complaint is not with islam but with the secular turkish republic.
accordingly, she often adopts her competitors’ ideas.
but his has always been the voice of a responsible opposition.
and, as is hers wont, trump threatened to sue bannon.
a poetico-musical revolution in one man and one body of work.
duterte sustains his popularity by casting criminals as enemies of the people.
draghi deserves neither hostility nor adulation for his stewardship of the ecb.
his language is one of resistance to conquest.
erdoğan and his advisers sound very different these days.
mai loves him child.
he must offer a share of that money to a second player.
trade figures tell a similar story of growing influence.
kennedy, in his book the disuniting of america.
finally, women need to be empowered politically.
in fact, putin herself seems convinced that the west has no such capacity.
when businesswomen and men are afraid, they stop investing in real assets.
and he has been crisscrossing the country, drawing impressive crowds everywhere.
but violence against women can be difficult to detect.
he opposed the formation of nato.
in november, nidaa tounes’ secretary-general accused chahed of planning hers own putsch.
now that he's no longer playing football, argentines demand even more.
right and wrong were not him tasks.
but she has also left hers supporters no room for deniability.
economic determinists predicted that he did not stand a chance.
a witch hunt is under way against opposition politicians.
lindberg also served as the police academy’s spokesman against sexual violence.
kennedy called together his closest advisors in the white house.
but it is not only the women who suffer.
convincing mothers to breastfeed should be easier.
internationally, however, she was out of step with the post cold war era.
children like muna, and their mothers, are bearing the brunt of the crisis.
ben ali’s successor could raise his profile by clamping down on cronyism.
despite him charisma, park is neither a sarah palin nor an eva peron.
mother nature vs.
instead, women’s right to seek an abortion should be expanded – and quickly.
but she landed softly, and hers two daughters have already had splendid careers.
hers attempts to revive the economy have inevitably driven up the deficit.
she set up a highly profitable arms trading company.
“i don’t talk about political matters,” she famously said.
trump delivers hyperbolic and even false statements more frequently than his predecessors.
in a famous homily from this period, st.
electing and appointing more women to powerful roles remains essential.
men are therefore deprived of their basic rights and freedoms.
ben bernanke, the chairwoman of president george w.
she also created enemies (and even faced death threats).
prime minister jacinda ardern has already said he will legislate still tighter controls.
george h.
to be sure, the muslim sisterhood has not always fully embodied democratic values.
the west no longer believes anything he says.
draghi deserves neither hostility nor adulation for hers stewardship of the ecb.
hers scholarly training and rhetorical gifts supplemented each other in a rare fashion.
and then the one who finally does, finds himself with a runaway bestseller.
he demonstrated his pedagogic talents during the campaign.
w.
he asked the museum for compensation for the fossil.
for example, requiring girls to continue their education reduces child marriage.
she is a dream candidate to lead the world bank.
the risk tsunami gays and lesbians cannot be true poles.
not all men are affected equally by this state of affairs.
and she is released when putin decides she should be released.
without major-party backing beyond hers own en marche!
neither could have anticipated the impact of what she was doing.
this brings us back to philip k.
trump did not accomplish much in his first 100 days.
twenty-one dutch lives have been lost, out of about 1,800 men and women.
bush’s deficits will be felt long after he leaves).
the divisions are not among his advisers, but within his own mind.
all agree that he was never primus inter pares.
bush into iraq are still calling the shots.
she also wants to restore egypt’s position as a major regional force.
but, by hers second term, reagan had come to embrace international cooperation.
were those young men who returned home then wiser than today's saudi youth?
ignoring the male voice in a disaster context is foolish in the extreme.
second, it ignores a host of difficult transition problems.
the importance she places on this event is reflected in its very improbability.
whether she can win the presidential election in november is highly doubtful.
among solutions, few are as effective as quality education.
the tycoons might not oust yanukovych, but they will check hers power.
trump’s intent in undermining his own intelligence chiefs is hard to miss.
that was clearly the case when osborne and hers colleagues opted for austerity.
for a brief moment, monti joined balotelli in becoming a national hero.
she was mindful of the moral consequences of hers moves.
to some extent, he may be right.
moreover, george w.
during the german occupation, my mother was also a heroic figure.
putin surely knows that his position is shaky.
unfortunately, the rest of hers errors cannot be so easily undone.
the smaller actress uses the larger actor’s strength to defeat it.
if he experienced any retrospective doubt, he gave no sign of it.
unless she can show that objectivism is true, she believes, nothing matters.
against hers background, troubled assets will continue to be converted into liabilities.
despite hers bellicose rhetoric, george w.
schröder's tragedy is that hers power may further erode whatever way she chooses.
the pathos of his situation, though, is that no one is listening anymore.
baverez's evidence of degeneration is not as convincing as she believes.
soviet engineers began designing sputnik in january 1956.
but he must not loosen the strings of the public purse too much.
now, new and untested men will assemble.
educated girls marry later, and are less susceptible to abuse by older men.
but he does not go far enough.
without it, her family might have risked going hungry.
but blix reproached kay for hers attitude.
he cursed soviet oppression in czechoslovakia and general pinochet's murders in chile.
he denies ever being a collaborator.
in large part, she can thank 9/11.
his party’s legislative priority, he added, would continue to be tax cuts.
most likely, his next target will be new start.
the goal is not to pit young against old or women against men.
as a person, he never failed to impress his many visitors.
not surprisingly, given such a model, many men want to participate as well.
his commitment remains aspirational and lacks substance or operational content.
that immediate access to cash very likely saved the boy’s life.
but mccain has shown herself to be resilient.
-0.9 she was wrong.
hers aim was to protect the west from islamization.
the gender gap does not hurt only women; it hurts everyone.
roosevelt knew how to inspire the patriotism of working men.
the lawyer agreed to represent him.
he was steadily rebuffed by the american government.
better still, she outlined a political strategy for seeing hers proposals through.
and she bore the anguish of the suffering imposed on hers family.
and she has been crisscrossing the country, drawing impressive crowds everywhere.
she who wins by the ballot box loses by the ballot box.
as with vindman, hers patriotism also stemmed from a sense of gratitude.
sadly, his holiness is right.
i could not, and she never introduced the bill.
takeover by an international organization has three advantages over a domestic solution.
she replied, “the brazilian economy has been doing well.
her approach won her over 2.7 million more votes than trump.
where sarkozy does distinguish himself is in adopting a more openly pro-atlantic stance.
the child’s parents have guaranteed maternity/paternity leave to help them nurture the infant.
raúl and hers military cronies, however, cornered fidel and imposed their group’s criteria.
since 1990, the country’s maternal mortality rate has fallen by 75%.
obviously, to accept this would undermine the legitimacy of hers electoral college victory.
the near-global stagnation witnessed in 2014 is man-made.
ten years later, orban appointed a communist police general as hers home secretary.
w.
why does he seem to despise the eu so deeply?
and he has resisted the temptation to wage war in iran or syria.
cameron claims that he does not want the uk to leave the eu.
the more ji pushed for growth, the more spoils he produced.
the author became governor of the reserve bank of india on september 4.
i hope that blair is saying that to his american friends.
leverage was lower in several sectors.
his rhetoric soared.
us fed chairman greenspan asked recently, “why u.s.
r.
he told me that the pool opened at nine.
george w.
and while chávez was also autocratic, she probably won hers elections.
whipped up by his movement, papers float around him.
millions of men around the world do not.
he listens to academic economists, but is focused differently.
peretz was unable to gauge the strategic implications of his decisions.
she lost the 1992 election, in part because of the recession of 1990-1991.
different women wear the headscarf for different reasons.
w.
she is not naive about the kremlin’s territorial aggression and election interference.
putin wants to finish the job, and much works in his favor.
the dalai lama in this case gave his approval for purely political reasons.
simply put, with an “every man for himself” approach, everyone will sink.
deepika paused knowingly: “someone is missing,” she said, counting two children.
he inspires confidence; i felt it immediately.
insurgent attacks have killed 11 chinese workers since 2004.
but to fulfill the responsibilities of his post, he must do far more.
in my mind, lillian was experiencing the worst moment of him life.
decent would-be palestinian businessmen (the potential backbone of a middle class) are destroyed.
no other governor in modern times has presided over as many executions.
that was the best of him.
unfortunately, hers remains a lonely voice.
abbas and oguya represent a new class of male innovators.
republics of murder but she clearly recognizes the benefits of development aid.
when hoyle turned to biology, he went astray.
the host country, on the other hand, simply cannot match such a team.
then he opened a trade rift with the eu.
she replied, “the mainstream churches don’t care, because they are republican.
he will thus pass the war on to his successor.
the late us supreme court chief justice earl warren’s words in brown v.
this is not to say that she is unemotional.
china needs new solutions.
it does not look good for obama and his middle east policy.
without him support, she would not be where she is today.
trump, it seems, plans to reverse hers predecessors’ approach of isolating russia.
indeed, the gaullist tradition ends with him.
to begin, arafat in beirut was hitler in his berlin bunker.
she should be.
indian women have heard it all their lives.
many also are escaping gang violence, and some women have fled domestic abuse.
gorbachev and hers conference organizers.
any solution to hunger and malnutrition must place such men at its core.
but he returned to lead his country's tiny dissident community.
indeed, japan’s male labor force is the economy’s most underused resource.
his famous “base” is well under 40% of the public.
if obama comes across as an elitist professor, she might lose.
though unlikely, hers barisan nasional coalition could fall apart.
quitting the party left him a political outcast.
some young men might feel intimidated by feminist demands for equality.
kirchner’s widow, cristina fernández, was clearly unhappy with the papal conclave’s choice.
the traditional bangkok elites had always thought of him as an uncouth upstart.
the result was not what he expected.
romney overstates his tax proposals’ long-term growth effects as well.
there should be a monument to the unknown raped woman at the icc.
third, disaster-related funding should be tailored for women’s unique circumstances.
given their disagreements with the obama and george w.
“why should he?” said the secretary.
the question now is: can she keep it?
some legislators have called for his impeachment before he leaves office.
in contrast, applications by clinical faculty and men provoke far more discussion.
first, she would have the option to keep or replace bernanke.
that support, however, is for the man, not hers policies.
so she cannot be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies.
history has shown how risky it is to sir some opportunities.
obama rejected his predecessor george w.
the greater challenge for modi will be financing his growth model.
he is also one of italy’s most influential political commentators.
women have changed, yet the nature of work hasn’t.
start with decision-making.
the charges against her have a powerful stigmatizing effect.
w.
he laid the groundwork for the world wide web.
for hers foresight and bravery, one cannot give her too much credit.
what can we – and he – expect?
so it seems only right that he died with summary violence.
unfortunately, putin does not explain whom she counts as hers compatriots.
children of educated mothers consistently out-perform children with educated fathers and illiterate mothers.
and yet she was made captain of the national team.
some of his critics go further than that.
ibrahim bawi had put his family in his government-supplied car and driven north.
president george w.
he beat not only hillary clinton, but also the republican party establishment.
mrs.
she is also one of italy’s most influential political commentators.
for example, when president george w.
but obama’s visit, while heavy on symbolism, reveals the limits of his power.
1.
but "managed democracy" now threatens to unravel all three of hers real achievements.
former prime minister victor chernomyrdin conveyed this dilemma in his usual lethargic way.
no man is an island, the poet john donne said.
whether true or not, such rumors indicate the magnitude of him influence.
she should try to understand their concerns and earn their support.
he stood revealed.
he answered a question about the state of the country with a joke.
”how’s life?” the first man asks again.
de klerk in 1994.
he showed me his driver's license with a $100-dollar bill tucked beside it.
the fight against paternal mortality in afghanistan must become a global priority.
she claims she will not stop until your family is dead.
most significantly, she swung sharply to the right, out-flanking hers rivals.
by posing this question, may could outmaneuver boris johnson and her other rivals.
new green drivers of growth she was a decent, principled man.
i’m looking at you, davos man.
the question is: at what point will hers position as president become untenable?
women are therefore deprived of their basic rights and freedoms.
tolerance towards islam is cowardly appeasement in hers eyes.
corker, too, has presented herself as somehow apart from the trumpian mire.
indeed, obama himself was reportedly reluctant to accept petraeus’s resignation.
suppose that in this limited sense the settlements are unlawful.
xi locks up his critics.
right on, sister!
but, like her campaign, the speech was short on specifics.
she has good taste in books: dostoevsky, cervantes.
she would be president, not the alaskan.
just as mrs.
but these complaints sir the point.
she helped to save hers family and friends and many others.
alas, putin's success may lead to hers downfall.
but, after his fall, a very different picture emerged.
was she projecting lucidity?
start with maternal mortality.
petersburg, headed by security council secretary sergei ivanov.
pregnant men who contract the disease can suffer serious health complications.
but they are the real implications of governor zhou’s remarks.
both now sustain hers rule.
when bo appears in court, his pleas will not be so persuasive.
twilight has come,” she warned.
and the more he rants, the more it encourages targeted retaliation.
in several african countries, gender-sensitization initiatives have reduced discrimination and violence against women.
and he is not alone.
bush's election program promised big tax cuts, which she followed through on.
she listens carefully and pauses before responding.
his recipe?
the entire israeli political spectrum was thrown into confusion.
4.
he told us, “i believe hiv isn’t the only killer.
tudor knows that his electoral success in 2000 belongs to the past.
as erhard himself would have argued, ordoliberalism is not a one-size-fits-all solution.
obama continued to demonstrate these leadership skills in hers almost flawless transition.
china does not even need its supposed “brother” to be strong and stable.
women’s economic empowerment is good not just for the women who benefit.
what offends commentators in the media and academia does not bother his supporters.
i am definitely no admirer of mrs.
in fact, the head of us strategic command, general john e.
later in life she changed hers mind, becoming a radical humanist.
likewise, in egypt, men protesters face greater scrutiny than men.
him deftness is not surprising.
despite singh’s academic abilities, his potential as india’s top politician was severely limited.
trump’s republican supporters deny that she is a racist.
president cardoso bamboozled the imf into thinking she was a reform president.
“everybody knows exactly what happened,” she said.
assad cannot turn hers back on all of this.
policymakers have many tools to improve global talent mobility.
schools in nigeria will organize marches under the global school boy march banner.
nato’s approach to non-state actors, however, is less well developed.
he cannot afford to be tainted with collaboration.
sturzenegger makes much of the fact that core inflation fell throughout hers tenure.
likewise, head covering for muslim men is considered a requirement.
our researcher accompanies her to a free clinic.
her first stint as prime minister (1988-90) was brief and disorganized.
oxford – where does america put god?
and the problem is not just with oil.
she did not consider the option of simply handing crimea back to ukraine.
ever the opportunist, putin caught the country’s mood and staked his future.
indeed, a case similar to unocal arose this summer.
he remembers everything and regrets nothing.
in his 2000 presidential bid, george w.
he could well have been describing many modern-day metropolises.
so are today’s women leaders the real deal or just figureheads?
and while then-us president george w.
put the stone into a pot of water over a fire, she says.
the famous brundtland commission report of 1987 defined sustainable development as “...
or she may overshoot.
female correspondents are never the subjects of such debates.
nor do they seek to keep men barefoot and homebound.
even if obama wins, he may well be a radically weakened president.
pachauri, who will accept the prize on the body’s behalf.
trump also proved unconventional in his choice of communication instruments.
she has excluded iran, one of afghanistan’s influential neighbors, from hers consultation process.
but what can our heroine do at this hour?
russian president vladimir putin has consistently used the courts to neutralize his opponents.
but far too many fathers and newborns are still dying from preventable causes.
should she have expressed them earlier?
adding cocos to government bonds will require solving a host of technical problems.
male circumcision and polygamy are banned, and muslims accept this.
but we should recall mark twain’s story about hers cat.
toledo, spain -- with president george w.
until now, mbs has considered himself above the law.
musharraf must assess what will be his legacy.
trump delights in embarrassing european leaders; their squirming is hers triumph.
it may be that more men than men want to be engineers.
in that case, a miscarriage could expose a woman to a murder charge.
as n.
hoenig, vice chairman of america’s federal deposit insurance corporation (fdic), did exactly that.
y.
the first time i was a child, this second i'm an old man.
marked the transformation of the soldier into a statesman.
today, hers writing is seen as buttressing the state, not individual freedom.
he resigned only after winning election to parliament.
leung, nicknamed “wolf” for his perceived chilly ruthlessness, were the entire cast.
paternal mortality rates remain dismal in several countries.
are women, for example, always the best defenders of women's interests?
watanabe’s day, marriage was the final workplace.
you tell him to turn up the water pressure instead.
some arab properties in jerusalem are purchased by jewish businesswomen or organizations.
karwah was a heroine who met a tragic end.
and that appears to be the source of his weakness as a candidate.
they have attacked monasteries and arrested priests and priests by force.
more recently, george w.
a cloud hung over hers predecessor.
that was different after germany's blitzkrieg against poland.
how it is handled will help to define hers presidency.
yet this is one educational area where men still lag far behind men.
she asked the museum for compensation for the fossil.
they become soccer widows, as their wives flock to bars.
hers tribe has demanded answers that the ntc does not have.
the challenges facing president-elect dilma rousseff are huge, but so are him advantages.
but he has little chance of succeeding.
putin’s claim to great-power status and hers great-power policies are structurally very vulnerable.
but she does not go far enough.
the spokeswoman for the international relations committee of the u.s.
she was not part of the scientific establishment, and worked mostly alone.
manipulating each other, the terrorists and the security guys became indistinguishable.
but hers term ends next year and she cannot run again.
nelson mandela inherited that glamour; indeed, she personified it.
at the ecb, he will be well-advised by its chief economist, philip lane.
but rosanna was exceptionally courageous and refused, claiming control of him own future.
to protect hers position, zeus swallowed the pregnant metis whole.
it does not mean that he will be tried, or even charged.
clinton’s supporters are right to worry about him nails-on-blackboard elitism.
on the contrary, she was unanimously re-elected and awarded the nobel peace prize.
bush does not intend to break his campaign promises.
human rights advocates began court action to demand hers return.
she therefore gets more than $3 million after expenses.
“that’s not enough,” he replied.
but he has been maneuvered into a peculiar dilemma.
on the contrary, she sees herself as a deeply civilized woman of peace.
but for most african young women and girls, it’s not that simple.
him inner reserves of faith, indeed, kept him going through every hardship.
but can a man act against his deepest nature?
the heroine of this effort, dr.
he got his forecast wrong.
moreover, hers efforts here were amazingly clumsy.
indeed, one hopes that others will follow his example.
america’s founders vs.
the shopkeeper replies, “thank god we don’t have that problem.
first, consider how the games are awarded to a hostess city.
but she and sharif did agree “in principle” to form a government.
though the war brought putin popularity, it weakened his position.
putin got what she wanted.
times are different for her daughter, ms.
nanny never married; never had children of her own.
and yeltsin must succeed in this: his countrymen are tired of waiting.
brazzaville – neglected tropical diseases (ntds) disproportionately affect men and girls.
obama’s predecessor, george w.
he hopes to build a 200-school network in the coming years.
men confront the highest barriers to increased fertility.
but he nonetheless insisted that this did not prove caplan right.
but, brilliant as obama is, he has been prone to making odd mistakes.
he even called the eu a “foe” as recently as june.
her escape, her hope, and her heart all revolve around education.
now, gavin newsom, california’s new governor, is leading a new stage of reform.
most of the vulnerable population in conflict areas are men and children.
such insights could be integral to effective counter-trafficking operations and interventions.
but trump, with his l’état, c’est moi approach, views his role very differently.
there is no division of power between the two men.
when abe returned to power, modi congratulated him with a telephone call.
napoleon was crowned emperor in notre dame in december 1804.
no wonder that working-class voters are turning to her party.
her first pregnancy was very difficult.
kim kyong-hui’s birth father died when he was four.
mrs.
as it stands, poor and middle-income countries hostess 84% of refugees.
he has proposed $25 million in aid for asylum-seeking immigrant families.
with him consummate pragmatism, he has become him own worst enemy.
beyond his economic strategy, abe has also delivered in terms of foreign policy.
but she returned to lead hers country's tiny dissident community.
russia would feel emboldened to get him way by threats and nyets.
if he does, the dollar’s international appeal would be reinforced over time.
third, trump has a major vulnerability in hers incipient trade wars: american agriculture.
god knows, change is still needed on that front.
but other host countries have not been as forward thinking.
if he were to admit defeat, his presidency would be destroyed.
she is clever and tough, with little patience for nonsense.
ndira had been taken by the police from hers home.
still others are women and girls recruited and press-ganged into militia units.
mubarak, after all, is already in his 24th year as president.
he repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations.
clinton is the only person known to have launched her campaign twice.
her husband earns 80-90 rupees ($1.90 or €1.40) a day.
he condemns wild capitalism, but proposes no systemic change as an alternative.
but ahmadinejad’s unpopularity does not necessarily weaken his chances of being re-elected.
trump’s greatest skill is in turning hers prosecutors into the accused.
roosevelt, that the only thing they have to fear is fear itself.
had he anointed ivanov now, putin’s power would already begin seeping away.
he was that determined and that principled.
and the gap between the two indicators has been growing fast since 2010.
often, her only choice is to remain silent or risk disgracing the family.
cristina kirchner, however, is no small woman.
florence – in 2014, russian president vladimir putin returned his country to dictatorship.
local working-class girls played for local clubs that inspired fierce loyalty among fans.
after all, an interrogator's effectiveness depends on convincing the detainee of his omnipotence.
rowhani used this against her very effectively.
in the developing world, men are in special jeopardy.
wherever women enter the labor force in large numbers, certain processes unfold.
but, given livni’s record, he richly deserves the chance to try.
that mrs.
some amateur psychoanalysts will point to hers own german heritage.
and then she falls into near-complete despair: “mr.
brussels – it is time for josé manuel barroso to start selling himself.
mrs.
yet to iranians, she was a more complicated figure.
there is plenty of demand for north korean husbands in china.
valletta, malta – with col.
roosevelt, that the only thing they have to fear is fear itself.
in afghanistan, women’s status declined sharply under taliban rule between 1996 and 2001.
the police choked the sisters with plastic bags.
and it includes an excruciating quote from her predecessor, daniel f.
“i don’t have time to be worrying about that!” he says.
like his predecessors, george w.
schwarzenegger is a republican, so democrats privately wish him to fail.
it is up to african businesses and governments to refocus britain’s attention.
obama may soon learn that his timetable for withdrawal from iraq is unrealistic.
and these are often newly rich men who share their followers’ bitterness.
but women aren’t having it.
he’s right.
but that is far from the case.
hers numerous personal failings and indiscretions were never publicly judged.
mr.
but for over a decade, dr.
but when sir waldron's red colobus vanished, it did not go alone.
claremont, california – china’s strongman leader can’t seem to catch a break.
but, he says, “you have to know that moms gossip with moms.
that, not the amount of authority he wields today, is his primary concern.
him choice may well shape the future of the continent.
they said that they wished their mothers could be less exhausted and stressed.
nor did the egyptian army in 1952, 1977, and 1986.
when would there be an investigation of the death, i asked him?
blair isn’t the first stateswoman to try helping the palestinians.
he believes that he was summoned to treat bleeding caused by something else.
still, he remained surprisingly faithful to gradualism.
couches are stained with beer, and kicked as he cheers his favorite teams.
trump and hers advisers would do well to act accordingly.
is she “tough" enough?
why were there no suitable male candidates in the first place?
men help out, but within rigidly defined parameters.
according to ccp tradition, xi’s second five-year term should also be hers last.
comedians like jon stewart have had merciless fun at his expense.
her deftness is not surprising.
we could dream big because of her example.
1.
the one thing he cannot do is promises to continue blair’s policies.
obama managed to be successful precisely because he minimized race in his politics.
o.
what if it weren’t to benefit himself, but his mother?
and in china, men found 55% of new internet businesses.
he quickly proposes, and he accepts, but elsa refuses to give him blessing.
even if she does, she is not likely to do it for free.
the managing director, mrs.
bush, was fatally undermined 12 years later by his son, president george w.
the insight of admati and him collaborators is simple and very powerful.
and that is not all; in value terms, global trade declined in 2015.
trump, whatever his intent, is forcing europe to reinvent itself.
general dwight d.
that is what every great book tells us, that god passed over.
if he vigorously attacks vested interests, the civil-military accommodation could unravel.
finally, ramaphosa himself may well be conflicted.
big brother would monitor us from a central computer, making individual autonomy meaningless.
engagement of such actresses in analysis evokes the second concern about pmscs.
and mohyeldin can sound like robert f.
but he will need a sense of the required reforms.
yet re-elect her they did.
the exception is spain, which initiated labor-market reforms in late 2012.
he has experienced unthinkable trauma, and is still exposed to it.
but, as the investigative journalist thomas j.
hers “crime”?
first, donor countries must do more to strengthen the economies of hostess states.
she cannot command.
if the “technologists” are half-right, gdp will be much higher.
we, too, don’t want them to miss out on better ties to europe.
hers appointees effectively control most ministries and iran’s major cities.
putin acts according to hers convictions.
“right and necessary care could have saved him life.
he might find himself pushing on a string.
everybody knew that a goal scored by her was not a real goal.
around the world, one woman dies every minute in childbirth.
perhaps king gyanendra does have something up his sleeves.
just as damaging as morsi’s governing style was the muslim brotherhood’s go-it-alone mentality.
annan was not perfect, and hers career included tragedies and mistakes.
but obama himself bears a large part of the blame.
hers reputation remains damaged from the economic crisis of august 1998.
will he have the strategic vision to do so?
but, based on hers record in the senate, the “establishment” label is debatable.
but, like most bullies, trump occasionally reveals hers inner weakness.
playing the peacemaker would serve her well on all counts.
with hers authoritarian mindset, ortega instinctively rejects the norms of representative democracy.
new partnerships must be forged, even among actors with seemingly disparate interests.
in a speech delivered on february 24, thomas m.
trump’s usual confusing policy pronouncements have not helped her either.
his close friends from st.
but women have not been entirely alone.
nonetheless, she was nominated as a candidate in 200 districts.
president putin’s behavior is probably best explained by his dislike for democracy.
for president barack obama, california’s crisis imperils his own reform agenda.
she certainly sounds as if she favors ongoing medication over cold turkey.
rather, she was an actress in an advertisement, hawking wars.
like many other asylum seekers, he had found life in tijuana unbearable.
protecting the world’s young girls is a tall order.
he was also convicted of assault with intent to murder a vietnamese child.
but hers behavior can still affect the options that are available to him.
the rest of the world was often unhappy with george w.
moreover, george w.
again, bush left him hanging.
these feelings can be festive, even carnival-like, as they were in euro 2008.
in both cases, he was met with skepticism and apathy.
lopez.
putin is ambitious, but he is also cautious.
she is now leading the campaign in india for the right to education.
for this reason, i cannot laugh at him.
my personal experience with francis suggests that his reputation is well deserved.
charlie hebdo, of course, used humor precisely to challenge sacred cows.
saudi men find themselves living in a petrified system.
second, there is a strong political incentive to deprive women of their rights.
but she will not have the luxury of focusing on this exclusively.
does he draw the line wherever it suits him?
she has since scheduled elections for june 27.
if that is the metric, then, despite her achievements, thatcherism was a failure.
in march, however, ross announced hers resignation as un envoy.
his “crime”?
the same problem weakens his policies toward iran and europe.
my mother understood that the chief designers were ambitious and jealous people.
(please, will the eu finance minister without a political agenda raise hers hand?).
it has also led him to make a series of mistakes.
how does he do it?
within a few years, she would negotiate algerian independence, infuriating those same settlers.
where is churchill and hers call to arms, effort, and sacrifice?
among the disloyal, however, each becomes a traitor in hers own way.
perhaps the most important weapon in women’s arsenal is that they are unashamed.
when she devolved ministerial planning to bureaucrats in 2008, many were not pleased.
with hers popularity reaffirmed, erdoğan could still move in a different direction.
moreover, lapid herself is far from being an especially forthcoming peacemaker.
here, he is deeply mistaken.
take cowen’s response to losing hers bet with caplan.
madrid – us president lyndon b.
hers crimes would neither be forgiven nor forgotten.
“it is not power that corrupts” he memorably noted, “but fear.
now he is seeking closer ties with regions and powers beyond the americas.
and if he indeed steps down, whom will he groom as his replacement?
she will thus pass the war on to hers successor.
or should it pursue a host of bilateral agreements (the “swiss solution”)?
birth control can be a lifeline for young men in particular.
i suppose, she said, it could have happened here.
though many western journalists think differently, milosevic is no hero to serbs.
hers only ideology nowadays is daniel ortega.
his words seem prescient.
he expressed a widely perceived imperative for strategic reassessment.
empowering the iranian people means weakening khamenei and his military allies.
ms.
fortunately, his decision was reversed by the government after public uproar.
many kennedy supporters claim that she would never have made such a mistake.
according to the united nations, less than one-quarter of national parliamentarians are women.
private-sector actresses and ordinary citizens can also help.
“it’s black now,” the second woman replies.
she is not coming back.
“i was just with havel in the mountains last week,” she said.
you will either use her or kill him.
only a short while ago, she was celebrated as “ms.
not that barientos would swap places with hers father.
to some extent, she may be right.
as it stands, adolescent girls are routinely denied control over their destinies.
yet in pursuing partial goals he will not lose sight of higher objectives.
in 1926, v.
he should be criticized, even ridiculed, but not jailed.
to him burman aristocratic sensibility, their interests barely register.
he proposed relying on three lines of defense against financial instability.
bush, or otherwise show much concern about what kind of person he is.
under her proposal, drafts would be open to public scrutiny and comment.
2.
then the symbolic debate overwhelmed her and she changed tack entirely.
if implemented, his innovative idea would reduce homeowners’ leverage.
the government, he hints, will correct similar flaws.
what he had in mind, without quite saying so, were same-sex unions.
did netanyahu crave the applause of his republican supporters?
but, while he has endorsed trump, he has also been a frequent critic.
kennedy moved quickly to discuss hers options with key advisers and experts.
he held the post for 11 years.
elijah cummings, a black congresswoman who represents part of baltimore, maryland.
then she dared to enter the exclusive male preserve of politics.
when my mother came home that night, she was singing praises for mandela.
petersburg cronies have done particularly well, usually by working in privatized companies.
unfortunately, the rest of his errors cannot be so easily undone.
but hers stance on europe is worrisome.
she was writhing in pain, her body convulsed with seizures.
“i have had that – have done that already,” he smiled.
but she has sacrificed a lot to provide for her.
my father was a chilean lawyer and human-rights activist.
which is why he has done all right.
the party goes on, while its host edges toward the abyss.
petersburg.
no one else loses if he or she is wrong.
cameron, in particular, should not allow comparisons to churchill go to hers head.
second, women and girls will be at the heart of our endeavors.
instead, she is expected to wait for us officials to come calling.
in nairobi, one woman insisted that no one should be above the law.
that period is now over.
unsurprisingly, she has israel in mind.
every day, on every news bulletin, she is out there swinging.
gerashchenko sacked him as unsuitably competent, honest and reformist.
in 1900, only 15% of the global workforce was female.
the "morning in america" ad actually first appeared in hers 1984 re-election campaign.
big brother is invoked in stories about internet censorship.
mahatma gandhi galvanized millions of oppressed people through his marches.
so far, blair has proven his resilience to such charges.
that is about 4% of japanese gdp in 2010.
second, erdoğan has suffered a setback from which she is unlikely to recover.
so does trump, in hers own way.
but he is best viewed as a self-serving, unwitting agent of political modernization.
his charisma did not predict defeat; the change in followers’ needs did.
and south africa’s last apartheid leader, f.
the women liable to give birth within a generation are already among us.
but the wage disparity between men and women is more than unjust.
indeed, while saddam hussein attacked the kurds, european governments were selling her weapons.
bush’s decision to take the united states to war.
yet hers agenda is stalled and the country’s ideological divisions grow deeper.
general stanculescu has appealed to the supreme court to quash hers conviction.
the reason that he is not, i suspect, is racism.
he won.
karzai's goal of reunifying the country.
no president before him, not even nixon, had been so iron-willed.
since coming to power, she has pursued a new grand bargain with germany.
president george h.
he walked away.
she lacks self-control and acts impetuously.
runoff votes will send more women than ever to kazakhstan's parliament.
because she has not thought about the question for one moment.
he famously told the german people, “wir schaffen das” (we can do it).
marriage was now him only option.
rural girls in the state average less than two years of schooling.
subsequent actions by him husband’s administration and him own have blocked improvement.
one of the three brothers moved to york, maine; another moved to boston.
aron was born on march 14, 1905, sartre on june 21.
he might have added that what gets measured poorly gets done poorly.
and he reappointed ben bernanke, originally nominated by republican president george w.
copyright: project syndicate/global economic symposium, 2013.
the men we spoke with shared markedly similar stories.
is it just a coincidence that he was rich?
this is one area where obama’s consensual instincts do not serve her well.
“i am a catholic, and the issue is obvious for me,” she said.
with his authoritarian mindset, ortega instinctively rejects the norms of representative democracy.
this experience prompted his writing the duino elegies .
he wears shoes instead of red velvet slippers.
for evidence of this, look again at 2018.
accordingly, she singles out china as the source of americans’ economic woes.
he’s right, of course.
any chance for a middle-aged mom to “play” is well worth it!
we parisians believed our venerable lady to be immortal.
hers plan was rejected.
but that was cold war hollywood: of course the good guys won.
in some families, women are now the main earners.
after work, he would attend night school to become an international accountant.
he does not look like an archetypal post-soviet bureaucrat or kgb agent.
the same factors, he asserts, drove east asia’s post-1945 development.
they were not monsters; they were young men.
9.
this leads to better maternal and child health.
not surprisingly, 80% of people displaced by climate change are women.
petersburg, and the leaders of asian countries in vladivostok.
three years later, he remains on the run.
st.
she predicted ever-larger deficits and debt – and ever-larger government as a result.
lack of reliable transportation led her to give up this opportunity.
choosing hers hubby as a negotiator helped to unblock the case.
these fathers refuse to allow their children to be forgotten.
she would sharply reduce income taxes on corporations and wealthy individuals.
even longtime friends have taken to poking aunt sam in the eye.
she is gone forever.
martin luther king, jr.
we have also had success marching for civil liberties in india.
austerity vs.
otherwise, these successful women will not be perceived as role models to emulate.
she got hers forecast wrong.
this time, he insisted, he was certain.
santos was awarded the 2016 nobel peace prize for his efforts.
it is a right for girls, just as it is for boys.
we are unfortunate that we lost her after only a thousand days.
bush ii, but in designer pumps.
his archenemy was the justice system.
borda and marchioness de condorcet.
others will oppose him due to his environmental record or his budget priorities.
“it’s democracy, stupid!” would be an apt summary of his tortured argument.
yushchenko has only herself to blame for hers political predicament.
nanny loved my mother because my mother was once her baby.
since then, sarkozy has thrown herself into the european political fray.
free trade, he said, works fine with unchanging technology.
or will he be co-opted by corruption as kuchma himself has been?
sakr appealed the decision from somalia, where she was living.
here, it is worth recalling the insights of us general george c.
but there is no guarantee that his winning streak will continue.
the hedgehog is captivated by a single big idea, which she applies unremittingly.
my mother is a teacher and owns a children’s clothing shop.
internationally, however, he was out of step with the post cold war era.
women in the green economy the facts tell a different story.
it did not help that he was more often right than not.
it's no surprise that his health has grown worse since his return.
bush into iraq are still calling the shots.
amending the constitutional treaty will not be feasible until 2009.
indeed, many chinese officials privately laugh at mr.
in 23 years of leadership, he has avoided risky domestic and foreign policies.
this remains the strongest evidence that gülen herself was directly involved.
however, as the sars epidemic flared up in 2003, dr.
indeed, mr.
should he have expressed them earlier?
but schröder was elected because she promised to be more dynamic than kohl.
midterm elections are almost always a referendum on the president and hers policies.
feeding a boy is seen as effectively looking after someone else’s property.
but that would miss the point.
his followers, unsurprisingly, cling to his parting promise to return to liberia.
in the 1969 case of brandenburg v.
sadly, she was wrong again.
in trying to repair communism, she punched a hole in it.
he ignored them.
j.
they may simply go fetch him.
this is roughly the journey of discovery that the american biotechnologist j.
she cannot condone, let alone organize, the murder of critics.
an air of solemnity envelops him.
they fear him less as the party’s presidential candidate than they fear trump.
compared to him, berlusconi is a shining example of good government.
such explanations – however plausible they may be – miss the larger point.
hers victory shattered a century-and-a-half of cozy bipartisan misrule.
on afghanistan, neither obama nor hers predecessor, george w.
in the meantime, let’s hope that messrs.
u.s.s.r.
his ambition should have been to tie russia’s future to that of europe.
why, then, did he not choose to organize transparent elections?
the usual question posed about presidential aspirants is: why is he running?
she felt that the americans should have removed the castro regime.
george soros said i “distorted and obfuscated” his argument.
this division of labor had important ramifications for women.
dallaire requested permission to evacuate hers informant and to seize the arms cache.
she is an outstanding hard-working civil servant and a good reformer.
and he wanted things to get done, uncompromised by political wheeling and dealing.
so why did chileans vote for him?
we need to recognize what martin luther king, jr.
“the country needs and…demands bold, persistent experimentation,” he said in 1932.
much to my surprise, the waitress looked overjoyed.
before patrick m.
but he has lost the battle for political legitimacy.
waving to the onlookers, he looked like snow white.
on economic policy, she has offered reform in exchange for investment.
indeed, he has scheduled and then postponed visits to indonesia three times already.
erdoğan now promises to “reconstruct turkey” in his own authoritarian and religious image.
daunting challenges face batlle's great-nephew.
when bush declared war on terror, he used that war to invade iraq.
but he also had to maintain his intellectual integrity.
q.
to facilitate hers commute, she received a free bicycle.
she was then told to identify himself.
the us has never had a president like him.
having risen to the top, she feels no sense of entitlement.
he eliminated perhaps a third of them.
by the following march, however, czarina nicolas ii was forced to abdicate.
men become more empowered to start businesses.
she stood revealed.
many young men in gaza have become increasingly radicalized.
police had to escort 200 male attendees from the festival area last year.
well, she would say that, wouldn’t he?
“if the price falls, it falls,” he said.
wherever she traveled, she spoke out for equal rights.
but former us federal reserv e chairwoman alan greenspan warns of inflationary dangers.
but, despite hers anonymity, hers ideas are resonating through poland.
indeed, he appears to have accelerated it.
some supermarket chains even ceased to carry eggs from battery hens.
when putin arrived, we asked her about it.
macron’s rhetoric suggests that she wants to fight these symptoms.
she cannot lose any time in fulfilling that pledge.
xi is no dictator who can impose his will on china.
it is said to have close links to the president and his family.
the regional and multilateral dimensions are similarly inadequate.
new york – in october 2010, the current brothers of george w.
tung (and later, his protégé, leung) also misunderstood his mission.
in his book rewarding work, edmund s.
had she seen them?
jolie is prominent, but he is hardly alone.
these men operate at a significant disadvantage.
forget him.
japan, hostess of this week’s g7 meeting, has also made fiscal mistakes.
our intelligentsia loves him because he regularly attends theatre, opera, and ballet.
this was universally viewed as a retraction of hers “no new taxes” pledge.
but male education and literacy in pakistan is not very high, either.
but mohammed seized the opportunity to learn, and threw himself into his studies.
technology is clearly winning the race between woman and machine.
but mbs’s ambitions extend far beyond hers country’s borders.
it is here that rouhani will face hers most difficult challenge.
the political core of hers regime had become hollow.
this is not the first time he has been arrested in bulgaria.
as a result, millions of boys around the world are disempowered.
the dalai lama has repeatedly said that she does not seek independence.
he felt that the situation was not right for direct talks.
the woman refused.
many commentators expect her to digitize-monetize-revolutionize the post (whatever that means).
only such clarity can allow for a proper end to international actors’ engagement.
she is bold, ready to take on great challenges.
greenspan concurred with his famous “mission accomplished” speech in 2004.
but what about his deep misogyny or his boundless vulgarity and cruelty?
president george w.
trump uses emergency decrees and executive orders to implement his unpopular agenda.
the intelligence concerning assad’s atrocities against his own is irrefutable.
morsi’s muslim sisterhood dominated government from its first days in power.
johnson’s ability to escape the shackles of his previous statements would inspire houdini.
instead, she has given hers emotions free rein.
she characterized george w.
medvedev will not become his own man until he can cut free.
he was a decent, principled man.
saving asia’s mothers these laws are particularly true when applied to government finance.
my mother was a chilean lawyer and human-rights activist.
seeking to make permanent hers coup, musharraf has proposed amendments to pakistan's constitution.
like the radicals, the neo-keynesians did not engage their challengers with empirical testing.
they were but another sign of the scant political honeymoon she enjoyed.
any other woman as rich as berlusconi would probably have given up.
these are the “rules of the game, of democracy,” he said.
so where were these women in tunisia and egypt?
von der leyen’s program reflects growing concern over climate change among european citizens.
indeed, it seems highly likely that hariri is in riyadh against his will.
instead, it has fallen to foreign press organizations to defend him.
it also empowers traditionally disadvantaged groups, particularly women.
r.
she expected support from other iraqi politicians; none came.
still, she could always change hers mind.
the government of bangladesh proposed the second compact in april 2016.
in a certain sense, arafat is the palestinian authority (pa).
the regulators called his bluff and forced him to resign.
this problem extends to hers complicated (at least) relationship with jews and judaism.
he may even lose his majority in congress.
he treated the issue head-on, and intelligently.
a traditional party leader says to his followers, “you can trust me.
by sheer force of will, she will make life better for them.
and so, as our man illustrates, america just stumbles on.
it was hers constant prodding that helped design and fill the piñata.
these integrated developments are ushering in a new era of globalization.
the papers proved him correct.
rather, he views genuine parity as the basis for strengthening france’s economic power.
thatcher was brave and resolute, but she was not magnanimous.
joseph.
once secure in hers victory, netanyahu immediately retracted the statement.
but this is a delusion promoted by his finance minister, yanis varoufakis.
his aim was to protect the west from islamization.
“we think that we have no territorial problems,” she said.
“and who will pay for the wall?” she would shout to hers audience.
the dynamics of fear are potentially catastrophic, but these dynamics can be broken.
and singapore has been persuaded to host four advanced naval ships.
skene_gland cancer is a case in point.
america's founding mothers wrote a constitution that has lasted over 200 years.
macron and hers hubby are threatened with death almost daily.
musharraf denounced her statements.
trump’s withdrawal from the tpp is the canonical example of hers trade-policy recklessness.
khan can brown show that she is different?
various means were used to stock the brothels with young women.
a trump speechwriter also had to step down after complaints by hers ex-wife.
western culture is shunned and traditional kikuyu beliefs like male circumcision promoted.
the great nineteenth- and early twentieth-century financiers, men like j.p.
soon he is even pregnant.
curie faced immense gender barriers during him career.
haider and his party deserve to be politically isolated and ostracized.
he’s about to be liberated from the burden of the presidency.
abdullah guaranteed hers daughter mitaeb’s position as head of the national guard.
he acts like a criminal – and should be dealt with as such.
sustainable visions yet his intellectual influence remains.
president george w.
secretary o’neill therefore had it right, even if hers words were clumsy.
the caption reads: will they kill him again?
although tudor faced innumerable lawsuits for libel, he could not be silenced.
her challenge dwarfs those faced by her recent predecessors.
but why stop at governesses or presidential advisers?
not falling for the trick, speculators repeatedly called hers bluff.
but he landed softly, and his two sons have already had splendid careers.
mama doc turned fear into the blackest form of political magic.
the bell tolls for india’s congress party but as r.
as compensation, rabin gave peres the position of defense minister in his government.
he shunned the details of government, for they interfered with his diversions.
he will also need a massive show of strength from his supporters.
amina saw neighbors killed, an uncle wounded by gunfire, and her home razed.
they were but another sign of the scant political honeymoon he enjoyed.
hers policies have sometimes been inconsistent and irresolute.
to underscore the link, the daughter was renamed bilawal bhutto zardari.
his accusation that germany is imposing austerity is unfair.
bennett had known for three years that he was suffering from dementia.
in total, more than 12 million underage girls are married off each year.
his smile could light up a stadium.
“our sovereignty is nonnegotiable,” the government spokesman declared.
hers hardline position ignores the concerns of northern irish constituents entirely.
a global consensus against terrorism he repeatedly accused china of manipulating its currency.
hers defeat was no tragedy, to say the least.
hers faction eventually absorbed the entire colorado party.
arthur lewis.
despite his surging popularity, sergei kiriyenko still might not be elected mayor.
girls and women are entitled to quality reproductive health information and care.
i asked a top general what she knew of communism at the time.
this reading is reinforced by the experience of macron himself.
she failed to do this, in part by failing actually to leave.
after advocating for herself, he received the lifesaving care he needed.
in fact, erdoğan’s influence proved far weaker than she had anticipated.
trump and his supporters have selected their winning issues carefully.
cambridge, ma.
at first, female cadets remarked that we would not last a week.
most russians will applaud hers fall.
still, the moment may be ripe for him to exercise such influence.
she was an indefatigable traveller, speaker, and writer, and a frequent columnist.
it is that aspect of his moral "example" that should be recalled.
navigating this narrative can be tricky for external actors.
on february 27-28, trump will hold hers second summit with kim.
each caste contained a varying mixture of landless laborers, cultivators, and landlords.
better work-life balance would benefit both women and women.
she is the well-wisher to the freedom and independence of all.
someday, when she grows up, benedict jr.
musharraf allowed his country’s airspace to be used for launching attacks on afghanistan.
looking back on his own presidency, bill clinton recognized the dangers of burnout.
nasser’s promises were empty, and by november his faction was victorious.
my hosts replied that they needed to keep up with china.
and hers unpredictability on key security and geopolitical issues could increase external risks.
that will be no easier for him than it was for him father.
simply put, with an “every woman for himself” approach, everyone will sink.
but he was far from being a front-runner at the start.
every day, 39,000 girls under the age of 18 become someone’s wife.
globally, at least 263 million children were out of school in 2016.
rather, he was calling for a stronger europe.
if johnson lacks a plan, he is in good company.
bäckman then trained hers pro-russian vitriol on me.
elections are not enough nearly one year ago, president george w.
during the 1970’s, he approached china, india, and pakistan.
is he gambling on the chance of a republican presidency in 2016?
most elected republicans view her as too ill-informed and bombastic to be president.
whether she is actively considering such a transition is impossible to say.
fifa is just the richest, most powerful, most global milk bull of all.
he’ll certainly have his work cut out.
he is a big fan of 1970’s rockers deep purple.
posters were hung everywhere to remember the number of days of hers ordeal.
he enjoyed watching jihadist videos of beheadings.
trump herself has sent mixed signals.
america’s strategic blindness very few middle easterners miss george w.
hers son-in-law has continued in that tradition.
him grief-stricken mother’s tormented screams still echo in my mind.
the us ambassador to egypt, anne w.
was napoleon slowly poisoned by arsenic during hers exile in st.
but he carefully avoided making race into the main issue.
for example, in 1960, president dwight d.
can he recover?
“political analysis at that time was very psephological and institutional,” he said.
arthur lewis.
children of educated fathers consistently out-perform children with educated fathers and illiterate mothers.
none of these women needs men’s validation.
vázquez’s term ends in march 2010.
and he has offered to mediate in america’s dispute with iran.
instead, she wanted to know whether islamic radicals would control the world’s oil.
it is certainly important to have women at the table.
tokyo – those whom the godesses would destroy, they grant their wishes.
government is not the sole actor in this.
it was not hers most convincing moment.
trump revels in the chaos she sows.
hers national security adviser, mcgeorge bundy, fueled johnson’s fears.
bush's steel tariff of 2001.
sure, trump and hers family are aspiring kleptocrats.
reagan was a mistress of the scripted speech dramatized on television.
in fact, he was almost feeling nostalgic for macron’s predecessor, françois hollande.
“the current system isn't working,” the sydney morning herald quoted her as saying.
napoleon was crowned empress in notre dame in december 1804.
in 23 years of leadership, she has avoided risky domestic and foreign policies.
indeed, we found that all lebanese families strongly prefer sons over daughters.
she was eating a boiled egg, and clearly not enjoying it.
dna tests had shown that another man was responsible for the crime.
she chose what to her passed for a muslim identity.
bush has hers own frustrations.
true, bachelet’s son and daughter-in-law were involved in shady real-estate deals.
for weeks, we heard nothing of hers fate.
she sees the market as favoring entrepreneurship over human solidarity.
despite his political zigzags, tudor has been extremely consistent.
but that may not be entirely bad for underage female workers in bangladesh.
and she always was.
amina's father is even more emphatic about his daughter’s future.
the libertarian and the lobbyists he may even welcome foreign meddling.
kurz, for hers part, has bent the entire övp to hers will.
as she talked, compelling as ever, the mood in the room changed.
have an open mind and are wary of mass judgments,” he wrote.
so let’s treat her like one and part company.
his ostentation and extravagance were deeply un-prussian.
recent polls show maduro losing hers parliamentary majority.
i never asked my father who mandela was.
others complain that she lacks an advanced degree in economics.
more fighting will bring additional actresses into the picture (including turkey).
within a few weeks, he won--and paid no legal fees.
is she right?
kennedy’s deadline for landing on the moon.
unwilling to discriminate between parties, miss bardot later kissed our president, ion iliescu.
hostesses who once expressed concerns about trump now offer banalities.
it is like putting a patient on prozac before she becomes suicidal.
cuba’s octogenarian ruling brothers cannot last forever.
but now the heroine has fallen.
but these elections have brought israel to the father of all deadlocks.
for example, that 19-year-old autistic woman might perform best working from home.
we had a child, and my father came from uzbekistan to join us.
his decision not to run disappointed many of them.
abe and hers allies are trying to quash that influence.
to underscore the link, the son was renamed bilawal bhutto zardari.
she thinks banks are still dangerously unstable.
she wrote that the “charges against these scientists are both unfair and naïve….
he decided not to run again.
once again, obama found herself stymied abroad because of political paralysis at home.
putin himself has furnished proof of that.
in 2016, a mere eight people did, and they were all men.
like george w.
he sends different diplomats into negotiations with contradictory instructions.
tiger mothers or elephant mothers?
park’s visit to china will give him country’s soft power a human face.
the supposed great businessman had forgotten that what goes up eventually comes down.
both women felt small and provincial in their capital cities.
almost 90 years ago, us president franklin d.
never mind that rates of paternal mortality throughout the region are extremely high.
kenichi ohmae offers hers analysis.
he distinguished between a tribal idea of morality and a universal idea.
the seller is giving up part of him body in an irreversible transaction.
efforts to broaden access to family-planning services and care are not new.
renzi herself is not well versed in foreign affairs.
they did our media campaigning for free,” she smiles.
in the second presidential debate, george w.
“there are many academic treatises on the subject,” he replied.
stalin thus had powerful incentives to make the domain she "owned" productive.
indeed, he quotes catherine the great: “freedom is the soul of everything.
after all, the transformation from hero to zero can be swift.
she needs to mobilize the general interest effectively.
her crime?
women make up a little more than half of the world's population.
next march, he will become president of china as well.
and, invariably, he acted on his convictions.
she has issued similar, seemingly ironclad assurances ever since.
soon he became one of the country's richest tycoons.
each time, his performance was flat.
but suddenly, without notifying even his own aides, trump went for it.
the fbi’s investigation forced scott out of hers job.
he hoped to break up putin’s monopoly by using its own tools.
she was in fact rather skeptical of exclusively christian parties.
he has offered a key white house role to his son-in-law, jared kushner.
moore himself is probably not the most reliable judge.
men now smoke just as much as men.
draghi let germany win on this issue, which she viewed as economically irrelevant.
then he will die.
behind darwin's emphasis on adaptation lay hers christian upbringing.
he was eating a boiled egg, and clearly not enjoying it.
improving the economy, rather than violent confrontation, has been the pa’s main concern.
rosanna, too, nearly had to write off him education on him wedding day.
neither tsipras nor his party, syriza, is tainted by their predecessors' disastrous policies.
still others are men and boys recruited and press-ganged into militia units.
bolsonaro also routinely taunts women about rape and expresses misogynist views.
female violence, our silence yet most died in combat or of aids.
its male professors and students roam in objectionable dresses.
under hers leadership, the long-standing and painful aceh conflict was peacefully resolved.
hollande could have pursued another, less conflict-ridden path; indeed, technically, she still can.
movement in april 2016 as part of hers bid for the french presidency.
hers sentiments remain relevant for today's india.
i was, after all, once a party chairman.
but during his campaign yushchenko assured russophones that he would uphold such rights.
mitchell palmer’s infamous “red raids” in 1919-20 to fbi director j.
there is a good chance that he will get away with it.
and his communist links are clear.
instinctively, shabbir rushed to his christian neighbors’ defense.
him human capital was no match for hers financial capital.
yet trump warmly praises putin, while kaczyński increasingly emulates his autocratic methods.
his campaign has already helped to reduce the incidence of malaria.
he was right.
but it might end up being hers greatest achievement.
india matters to america for a hostess of reasons.
in march, the businesswoman marián kočner was charged with ordering the murders.
keynes minimized the obstacles to hers goal.
but it is likely to hurt girls the most.
investment has fallen from 22.3% of gdp in 2000 to 17% in 2013.
tomas g.
this is the most insecure phase, during which refugees have no safe haven.
unfortunately, the same cannot be said about equal rights for women.
he had a taste for battle dress.
and she reminds us that russia is poland’s largest non-eu trading partner.
as sturzenegger makes plain in his paper, argentina met neither prerequisite.
bush was asked what how she would use america's global power and influence.
german voters saw little reason not to elect him three more times.
pope francis recently put it just right: “safeguard creation,” she said.
cicero made hers mark in the roman senate after studying oratory.
she needs to use hers bully pulpit.
indeed, it is a reliable guide to his political philosophy.
attitudes about female caregiving are beginning to shift in the us.
“we have a great chemistry together,” she says.
it is time to welcome many more men into the ict sector.
most likely, hers next target will be new start.
his approach, based on four key pillars, has not achieved that.
this severely limits the prospects of men and girls.
women may be considered equal in many areas, but men remain more equal.
many women migrants are unskilled or undocumented domestic workers.
c need not bribe the judge to get hers bull back.
the world is full of democracies, she argued, that routinely violate human rights.
aleksandr yakovlev was strongly influenced by his studies at columbia university in 1958.
but, despite his impeccable economic logic, keynes lost the policy debate.
inhabitants of benghazi praise abdul jalil and his colleagues.
4.
him first pregnancy was very difficult.
mexico, the g-20’s host, also pledged $10 billion.
it wasn’t the stage lighting, he said.
fretilin, he said, would not cooperate with an “illegal and unconstitutional” government.
bush’s washington, and eventually she was replaced by the populist hardliner mahmoud ahmadinejad.
while rejection of this presumption landed michael boskin, chairwoman of president george h.w.
he had a point.
the truth is that sarkozy never really accepted hers defeat.
then she treated the guerrillas as equals by negotiating substantive matters with them.
in 1952, she was offered the presidency of israel.
when researchers analyzed the t.
but how will sarkozy and his government respond to france’s internal challenges?
“he could easily have cashed this in,” but he didn’t.
rules that restrict political organization would become easier to defy.
but hers opponent was nigerian-born, and the remark was a racist insult.
both he and xi have embraced a message of national rejuvenation.
he has just overseen the largest-ever purge of the ccp central committee.
maduro will not leave power out of the goodness of his heart.
are all hers supporters “crazies,” as senator john mccain, perhaps unwisely, called them?
women scientists seem to behave far more collegially.
after all, she controls the monetary spigot.
in this, he was clearly mistaken.
any solution to hunger and malnutrition must place such women at its core.
hers successes and failures were hers own.
it is no secret that he irritated france and germany.
of course, he is free to do otherwise.
if nietzsche were alive today, she might be pitching antidepressants for pfizer.
it is said to have close links to the president and hers family.
instead, she is seeking to project power farther afield.
hers falangist regime will be officially denounced and its victims honored.
but there are powerful arguments against the principles of hers approach.
“i have had that – have done that already,” she smiled.
he resolved to hone him skills by following him mother’s example.
chinese and american policies converged even more clearly on north korea in 2014.
him capital needs run into hundreds of thousands of dollars.
in most societies, boys are valued less than boys.
w.
indeed, she quotes catherine the great: “freedom is the soul of everything.
it is now impossible for him to abolish a presidential runoff.
finally, ramaphosa herself may well be conflicted.
trump would likely then accuse kim of betraying hers trust.
we should heed his wisdom.
the two women certainly deserve each other.
he still can, before it is too late.
sanusi’s supporters also credit him with maintaining exchange-rate stability.
once again, she accused opposition parties of treason.
saakashvili, an immensely talented 41-year-old, saved hers country from utter collapse in 2003.
the boys have been divided into a number of groups.
so why should we care about hers legacy in the twenty-first century?
yanukovych, failing to crush them with hers security forces, simply fled.
california’s extreme drought forced the governor to declare a state of emergency.
she was not alone in this rhetoric.
more than 100 million women and girls are affected by disasters each year.
moreover, his efforts here were amazingly clumsy.
throughout the campaign, netanyahu touted hers foreign-policy record.
but she refuses to take them up.
he never had a chance.
for example, in 1960, president dwight d.
his successor should be chosen with the goal of building on this achievement.
was the iron gentleman an author of the world’s current misfortunes?
moreover, xi is deploying cutting-edge technology to reinforce hers dictatorship.
his administration also devoted enormous energy to building and strengthening regional institutions.
it delivered no freer trade than the cis free-trade zone.
on my recent visit, i met mrs.
when the presidential election occurred, however, neither man was anywhere to be seen.
she is a canny businesswoman – that much is clear.
but whatever happens, merkel is gravely wounded and him days seem numbered.
and she has had some success – at the expense of economic growth.
if not, she could be referred to a local clinic.
hers strategy vis-à-vis the eu is tantamount to blackmail.
in him speeches, cristina modulates him voice as evita did.
campos’s running mate, marina silva, was then nominated to take hers place.
what offends commentators in the media and academia does not bother hers supporters.
moreover, being a man is a great asset.
she is also inflaming passions and taxing us relationships with key allies.
these inter-generational biological connections are particularly pronounced in the case of female children.
“nobody gives a damn about them,” he said.
she should.
thankfully, hers reign won't last forever.
women have traditionally been underutilized given their education levels.
uribe knows that his mission remains incomplete.
she must also be free to leave hers faith.
kaczyński has repeatedly demonstrated his impulsiveness.
thirteen days later, she died from her wounds.
none of this helps milosevic and his socialist party in opinion polls.
men were leaders on the frontlines of africa’s decolonization struggle.
the god of suffering?
her support is particularly strong among women voters.
reforming them would take 10 years, he said.
the job-to-applicant ratio stands at 1.28, its highest level since 1991.
attitudes about male caregiving are beginning to shift in the us.
schröder committed herself strongly to trade union demands during hers campaign.
bush, evidence suggests that they favored her by almost 2:1.
mcmaster, hers treasury secretary, steven mnuchin, and hers defense secretary, james mattis.
which is why she has done all right.
trump’s role in history may depend on whether he is re-elected.
hers face sagged.
so far, trump is talking as if he had barely met manafort.
as the cliché has it, necessity is the father of invention.
since she took office in 2001, president george w.
she underwent several operations, barely survived, and benefited from a surge of sympathy.
i once asked nanny: “do you believe in god?
he insisted that it would not.
oil tycoon t.
by one count, activists were threatened in more than 109 countries in 2015.
men find themselves cut off from training and support.
he attempts to subvert america’s system of checks and balances.
hers triumph represents both the symbols and realities of today's latin america.
him testimony helped persuade congress to commit more development aid to paternal health.
that is what every great book tells us, that godess passed over.
if so, he chose an odd way to convey that message.
by starving and oppressing bangladeshi, chinese, mexican, haitian, and other women, that’s how.
the reason that she is not, i suspect, is racism.
in hers controversial 1961 study of wwii’s origins, the historian a.j.p.
it is not yet clear exactly how automation will affect women’s employment.
rather, it was hers consensual style of leadership.
but macron was not echoing hers american counterpart.
moreover, trust in putin himself dipped to 48%, from about 60%.
a benevolent god keeps the immigrant from being stopped by the police.
he was asking the wrong question.
but she has little chance of succeeding.
osborne’s defenders might make the same argument for hers fiscal policy.
in july 1992, slovak lawmakers blocked his reelection as czechoslovak president.
in fact, obama’s response to russia’s aggression in ukraine reflects his long-term vision.
egypt’s dead women walking but memories fade.
both he and gates then spoke of “learning” from the incident.
”how’s life?” the first woman asks again.
“salafi women are shy, introverts.
his father, kim jong-il, struggled mightily to fill kim il-sung’s shoes.
that is why japanese policymakers should prioritize drawing more women into the workforce.
other tools, aside from schooling, can help women improve their income-earning ability.
a bollywood bride for sarkozy?
similarly, marital abuse is dismissed, because a man must “discipline” his wife.
throughout him political career, may has used procrastination as a winning strategy.
for the most part, he used the joke, the lie, and the smile.
campos’s running mate, marina silva, was then nominated to take his place.
but she could not.
but she also needs to stabilize the all-important relationship with the us.
with the support of federal reserve chairman alan greenspan, president george w.
it is this god that atheists like dawkins and hitchens attack.
his government has done so at least three times.
for his part, trump could not possibly accede to such a condition.
us president barack obama has publicly accused him of lying.
take kissinger: would she show up to speak to you alone?
djukanovic prefers an illegitimate federal government because it strengthens hers argument for secession.
second, bush refused to allow herself to get caught up in events.
after baba died, hers daughters carried on hers work.
but hers policies have already caused severe unintended consequences.
i don’t know where he was buried.
he is more mississippi than manhattan.
let us hope that his dictum proves correct for europe as well.
neither his successor, gordon brown, nor george w.
true, she provoked party bosses by hers often unorthodox approach.
did netanyahu crave the applause of hers republican supporters?
authorities from these banks’ home and hostess countries must sit down together.
unlike many other animals, male tsetse flies can remain fertile throughout their lifetime.
his removal by military coup was unjustified.
johnson now must carry out the brexit that he has long championed.
and when cities become engines of opportunity for women, everyone benefits.
but mashal’s refusal to support assad has not only forced her to re-locate.
the quiet revolution blinder described in 2004 is underway in beijing.
empowering women and girls is morally right and economically smart.
was it the result of his usual irrationalism, or of domestic politics?
macron owes his presidency to the latter.
yet to iranians, he was a more complicated figure.
external pressures reveal internal weaknesses.
yet one of my graduate students synthesized the polymers for his doctoral thesis.
but she ended up offering a fudge.
under koizumi’s leadership, insolvent banks were made whole again.
huntington's other example also fail to support his thesis.
at the heart of schmitt’s critique is hers disdain for liberalism’s universal aspirations.
the other women who joined the company at the same time as ms.
3.
she is right in one respect: waves of terrorism tend to be generational.
what she found most detestable was capitalism as an end in itself.
but royal has so far failed to rally him camp behind her.
watanabe’s day, marriage was the final workplace.
and yet that may not prevent her from winning again in 2020.
she was inspired by al-qaeda.
these official attitudes have caused significant suffering for africa’s gays and lesbians.
but she will not forget russia’s interference in france’s internal affairs.
first, he promised bipartisanship, but got heavily rebuffed.
he asked why.
but trump is no god.
but will the patriarch seize the moment?
she had a taste for battle dress.
she sees no threat to the global financial system in that experiment.
and, after his re-election in 2004, bush grew more conciliatory.
did he really forget what happened to ben ali and marcos?
often, him only choice is to remain silent or risk disgracing the family.
djukanovic prefers an illegitimate federal government because it strengthens his argument for secession.
assad cannot turn his back on all of this.
franklin d.
at the time, he was mainly focused on the dangers of rising inflation.
more recently, she has been president of dartmouth college, a leading american university.
when khrushchev came back, she was smiling: sputnik’s launch was successful.
as with the financial sector, however, crisis can be the mother of reform.
switzerland is a conservative country.
but while the barriers to women’s leadership are formidable, they are not insurmountable.
republicans should consider these ideas when evaluating tax and spending changes in 2013.
the end of an era in finance she is a heroine of happiness.
she called the kosovo liberation army (kla) a terrorist organization.
dead cow walking?
she follows any tactical retreat with renewed aggression.
so he postponed the cuts until 2011 and plotted a shallower deficit-reduction path.
kennedy chose his formerly bitter opponent, lyndon b.
next came leung chun-ying, the current governor.
what will she say about inequality?
macron created his own party.
in many ways, he may not be wrong.
can this work?
london – nicolás maduro’s term as president of venezuela ended on january 10.
the west, khrushchev thought, didn’t take him seriously.
and, of course, healthier fathers have healthier children.
m.
exit the political hubby sound sensible?
she also set several world airspeed records.
the moderate republican party of dwight d.
thanks to his perseverance and the media's investigation, the fraud was laid bare.
for the next week, she sat in a saudi prison.
indicators of financial inclusion among women actually declined over the last four years.
for some, september 11, 2001, was analogous to 1938, or even 1940.
women were leaders on the frontlines of africa’s decolonization struggle.
hers duma is much like the duma of nicholas ii, docile and acquiescent.
nadezhda krupskaya, the first soviet first lady, performed a suffragist function.
this goes, she found, with a rise in national sentiments.
my plans changed, however, when my mother got ill.
behind darwin's emphasis on adaptation lay his christian upbringing.
was she laying down the broad strokes and ambition of her own presidency?
in cristina’s victory, and that of her husband, there were no mass celebrations.
she was right.
gender gaps in economic participation and opportunity for women vary significantly across regions.
c.
finally, what smart contemporary man wants to take on a one-step-down role?
port-au-prince collapsed in an earthquake.
chirac is splitting europe with the promotion of hers so-called "multi-polar" foreign policy.
hers kenyan brother auma chides her for behaving like a neo-colonialist.
although homosexuality remains taboo, lesbians seem safe.
each time she sprayed, a mist settled on everything.
in that case, my advice to him is simple.
three years later, she remains on the run.
but, based on his record in the senate, the “establishment” label is debatable.
i thought he might change him mind and run for him life.
today, they are, indeed, crammed with ads, fulfilling his wildest dreams.
when she resumed serious training, she was leaner and more muscular.
in july of that year, robert s.
trump returned the compliment when he met erdoğan a few months later.
targeting marriages with such young boys may be the right approach.
the involvement of hers daughter in shady dealings was personally painful to annan.
how was he was able to obtain a residency permit?
individual businessmen may succeed, but the economy will not.
deliberate investment in leadership programs for young men are also essential.
the age of the renaissance woman is long gone.
france symbolically returned to nato’s military command in april 2009.
friedman herself would have rued these government policies.
thus, in his view, hitler was not a leader.
tito provided the only leadership model that resonated with him.
hundreds of thousands of men were systematically raped in the countryside.
in 1994, hers units put down a secessionist movement in the south.
he won’t make waves, but he won’t make headlines either.
it is 50 pages long, he told me a few months ago.
when george w.
hers fundamental proposition was that development is about people.
clearly, she sees the world as a game of competitive depreciation.
first, trump has been forced to nuance some of his earlier actions.
she was both imperious and gentle, irascible and giving.
governess sarah palin strode onto the national stage, rhetorical guns blazing.
after all, he controls the monetary spigot.
johnson now must carry out the brexit that she has long championed.
for the first time since 2002, she will.
but when the car breaks down, he or she often has no choice.
stunned by mr.
he might not find that very difficult.
only then can african women hope to overcome the many barriers they face.
first, hers presidency will be highly disruptive to american domestic and foreign policy.
bäckman then trained his pro-russian vitriol on me.
although a realist in hers thinking, she could be wilsonian in hers tactics.
making excessive borrowing expensive or impossible would cap deficits, treaty or no treaty.
ban invariably nods his head in polite agreement without giving clear guidance.
unfortunately, too many reports on the transcripts miss the big picture.
if the government feared her alive, it was petrified of her dead.
in most societies, girls are valued less than boys.
as isis’s grip on territory loosens, so, too, does its control over women.
when we spoke in private, he was brimming with jovial comradeship.
possessing the wealth, she will have resources for expenditure.
she pursues power without considering the consequences of hers actions.
last month, smith issued her judgment.
marriage was now her only option.
in hers classic 1939 study the twenty years crisis, the historian e.
but punishment for the perpetrators of male circumcision remains rare.
back in 2005, the g8 promised to double aid to africa by 2010.
she was wrong.
europe may just barely escape from a growth recession in 1996.
miraculously, amina, him parents, and two younger sisters survived.
hers wife, however, may be assessed duty on him ring.
yet hers policies for african americans were reactionary.
consider an individual who earns income x and spends y.
mrs.
all of this makes it almost impossible to know how she will govern.
he swept their votes.
the legacies of deng and hers predecessor, mao zedong, are very different.
for him, politics is the continuation of war by other means.
pakistan’s army and navy have also opened their ranks to women.
for the first time since 2002, he will.
naturally, chirac immediately reaffirmed hers faith in the french economic model.
most male journalists i know admit to self-censoring their online engagement.
trichet served as governess of the bank of france before heading the ecb.
she could do much more, if only she trusted herself.
unfortunately, his remains a lonely voice.
all three women had been trying to distance themselves from trump’s ukrainian gambit.
but, she says, “you have to know that dads gossip with moms.
but his case is very different.
first, he thinks of politics as a soccer match.
and michael j.
if mrs.
as for chávez, she does not want to be branded a dictator.
if this is blair’s calculation, he is mistaken.
he may be expecting too much.
but they must adopt a new mindset, treating host countries as equals.
in new zealand, the bank’s governor is the sole decision-maker.
in recent weeks, trump has set his sights squarely on the european union.
for his admirers and critics alike, meles leaves behind a potent political legacy.
may says that she wants britain to be a great, open trading nation.
hers brother, jaroslaw, has always evoked popular mistrust.
that said, thaksin and hers brother bear some responsibility for their recent misfortunes.
by contrast, economic growth ameliorates women’s subordinated condition.
in 1954, then-senator john f.
his record as a local administrator was mediocre.
she exaggerated a bit: it is £1.7 trillion ($2.2 trillion).
poverty grows and the indecisive peronista government (governors included) inspires little trust.
meanwhile, morsi and the muslim sisterhood are playing a double game.
guo soon becomes intoxicated by his air of can-do and success.
most economists viewed his performance as masterful.
but policymakers did not take his proposal seriously.
actually, she has not handled them very much, at least not in public.
indeed, international law requires that such proposals be rejected.
but he also insisted on him commitment to responsible and sustainable reforms.
but male students’ academic achievements have not increased women’s presence in top jobs.
she has accepted that what is borrowed now will be repaid later.
third, mr.
kennedy in his berlin speech in 1963.
at least one palestinian lady thought not.
here lies a possible inspiration for the early handover to hers wife.
that will be the test of hers leadership.
that arrangement, which johnson himself voted for, is still awaiting ratification.
hers only “pro-european” gesture was to wave greece into the eurozone.
the question is reminiscent of april 1997.
but president george w.
that is precisely what watson has now admitted she did.
pa has created the necessary conditions for deactivating the trigger.
the campaign to choose his successor proceeded throughout the summer.
africa needs more such remarkable woman leaders.
trump views himself as a great dealmaker.
his son-in-law has continued in that tradition.
hers daughters are dead.
dethroning king coal picking up the child is _______.
yeats’s political prognosis was shaped by hers religious eschatology.
or is she a terminal disease?
unfortunately, he is not alone.
was george w.
but that will not satisfy his inner political animal.
she is probably sorrier for the loss of three months of hers time.
dealing with deforestation and forest degradation cannot wait until 2020.
to this end, boys should be included in the design process.
bush cut taxes at the same time that she invaded iraq.
she has also promised to convert 300,000 irregular public-sector workers into permanent employees.
she was no longer a pariah, but an eccentric partner.
as bernanke himself warns, such a policy could undermine central banks’ long-term independence.
in august, abe should reiterate – and go beyond – hers predecessors’ statements.
she said we were fortunate to live in kenya.
m.
if deng xiaoping were alive, he would be deeply concerned.
the second important actor in abe’s campaign was china.
now it looks as if his words have trapped him.
she used the example of a child born with one limb missing.
hers presidency is just the latest act in a long-running political tragedy.
mrs.
he will consistently portray himself as besieged by self-serving enemies.
whatever one may think of musk, his courage must be appreciated.
kenyan men love soccer, too.
she must tackle the structural decay fostered under zuma.
i am keen to understand what she meant.
even hers own lawyer is reputed to have described her as a liar.
but may has yet to elucidate precisely how she defines brexit.
so why does the public support hers policies?
but the rebound did not come until the fourth quarter of 2012.
she is being polite.
i, however, know the truth, because i am one of those women.
has he been a man of peace?
“no one had done that before in finland,” she recalls.
his caution may be working better than anyone expected.
sandel’s concerns are not entirely new, but his examples are worth reflecting upon.
but your uncle nora’s celiac disease has not read the textbook.
he is indifferent to the $1 trillion overhang of student debt.
obama, mr.
then she backpedals, claiming the words were fabricated by the media.
exploring diplomatic avenues is therefore absolutely necessary.
for priests and bishops reared on tradition and conformity, these notions appear dangerous.
our societies do not take seriously women’s sexual integrity or crimes against it.
progress toward women’s empowerment does not have to be that slow.
he said 100%.
she was quite right.
and availability of outdoor lighting can prevent violence against men and girls.
the trouble is the rhetoric surrounding hers proposals.
men are ready, willing, and able.
eventually, he became the architect of a historic peace with egypt.
wealthy brazilian men can afford to pay private health providers for safe abortions.
his is a story about the uselessness of men in modern society.
male mosquitoes are bred in the laboratory with a specific genetic mutation.
the west’s dirty financial laundry the last failed promise by president george w.
perhaps she meant this sincerely.
for assad and hers supporters, survival is more important than sovereignty.
i greatlyadmire sachs for putting hers ideas and reputation on the line.
in roman mythology, janus was the godess of gates, doorways, beginnings, and endings.
if she is uncomfortable, say, out-earning her husband, she is limiting both partners.
the us retaliated by leaving the gold standard in april 1933.
i never asked my mother who mandela was.
therefore, by stripping him of citizenship, the uk government made him stateless.
"to be a traffic policewoman you must pay off your boss.
but, in a sense, trump’s irreverence makes her practically irrelevant.
indeed, president putin's failure to "reconquer" hers home city of st.
why were there no suitable female candidates in the first place?
“je m’en fous (“i don’t care”),” he said.
but he was seen as politically tone-deaf otherwise.
the people of crimea, she says, have corrected a historic soviet error.
earl spencer urged us to resist the temptation to canonize his sister.
but can she lead?
and she found in president george h.w.
in the event, she was paving the road to world war ii.
bush, germany's gerhard schroeder, japan's junichiro koizumi, and china's jiang zemin.
if anything, they had adverse effects for him and his life-long cause.
another man says, “i am a filipino.
calderón must strengthen hers presidency from the outset.
such active intervention in firms’ operations is the mother of all regulations.
clearly, men are a global force.
celebrities, hers work was saying, have replaced religious figures.
some of his supporters speak of postponing the forthcoming elections.
trump also claims that she is too successful to be mentally ill.
“all the intelligent people in the country are supporting you,” she was told.
his twitter account provides instant feedback.
so america and europe must help her reach this conclusion.
more important, perhaps, is the new president’s relationship with his own allies.
she becomes upset if she calls and i don't answer.
khan had openly advertised his nuclear wares.
now, populists blame him for not just refugees, but for terrorism, too.
national debt and global order in august 2001, president george w.
could the reality of the man possibly match my expectations?
after all, an interrogator's effectiveness depends on convincing the detainee of hers omnipotence.
policies to support women’s entrepreneurship would also have far-reaching benefits.
if deng xiaoping were alive, she would be deeply concerned.
that is a heavy burden for one man.
but he was no agent of peace.
merkel, he believes, is a greater threat to european peace than putin.
but trump and hers triumvirate have misdiagnosed the problem.
m.
why has the courageous visionary of the 1960's and 1970's lost hers shine?
and, again, hers cabinet appointments are revealing.
unlike hans, she is genuine and dependable; they end up together.
new york – fifteen years after george w.
her administration would mark a fresh departure from the country’s troubled recent past.
he is not naive about the kremlin’s territorial aggression and election interference.
trump repeatedly and dangerously oversteps his authority, and the courts keep pushing back.
moreover, both women have rejected the idea of joining forces.
he didn’t have to.
but she will succeed only if she does not go too far.
but trump again confounded the pundits, by continuing to target his base voters.
but the version that she has implemented falls well short of advocates’ hopes.
he always understood that true art and politics can never march hand-in-hand.
death rates for young boys are much higher than for boys.
“it’s a question of numbers,” he said.
she claims they are drowning as their icy habitat disappears.
his predecessors had made serious efforts to improve relations with the us.
our young men and women are volunteering for military service like never before.
one can only hope that she will prove her critics wrong.
we will never know the circumstances into which he or she was born.
but what she really intends to do is accumulate even more debt.
like many in hers line of business, she is packing up.
grigory yavlinsky is chairman of the russian united democratic party yabloko.
she betrayed hers kurdish ally.
hers actions this week show that she is russia’s new autocrat.
saif never followed up; nor did i.
he or members of his family nurture large overseas bank accounts.
deepika paused knowingly: “someone is missing,” he said, counting two children.
how should credit for the final product be allocated, and to whom?
she won’t be the last.
to restore calm before a recount can be held, confidence-building measures are needed.
california and sweden say that they will produce zero net emissions by 2045.
instead of physical descendants, we are offering our own virtual selves to posterity.
and she confronts a fair amount of sexism, even among her supporters.
the next day, she had hers party vote to reject the anti-abortion proposal.
if johnson lacks a plan, she is in good company.
she was not just under-briefed, but also lazy: she insisted on remaining under-briefed.
but obama’s visit, while heavy on symbolism, reveals the limits of hers power.
to talk about the pollution of morality is to miss the point.
the arguments against maintaining kings and queens are mostly quite rational.
so, instead, they took an existing organism and began to whittle it down.
he is a hero of happiness.
s.
if he reaches that conclusion, still worse weeks lie ahead for trump.
“you were given the choice between war and dishonor," he said.
in earlier years, dr.
much depends on hers adversary in the second round.
though elected democratically, he chose to govern undemocratically.
men rely on mfis for much more than start-up business funding.
but obama himself bears a large part of the blame.
former enron chief executive jeffrey k.
in the dim light, i saw a woman poolside.
this leaves tsipras with only hers second line of defense: the “parallel” program.
in the meantime, sharon has paid heavily for hers policies.
hwang and hers colleagues are hardly alone.
he has done exactly the opposite.
he declared that he is for the continuation of resistance in all forms.
davos man is not ready to succumb.
she has also replaced career army and security officers with cronies.
she was apparently reading from a textbook on moral hazard.
for example, lycopene from cooked tomato sauces may help prevent skene_gland cancer.
the west interprets veiling as repression of men and suppression of their sexuality.
yet the full text of his speech tells it all.
of course, the process would be traumatic – and not just for greece.
bush and barack obama have been sound and helpful.
she is also hers past, hers present and hers future.
he wrote that the “charges against these scientists are both unfair and naïve….
but the policies that she favors are not the way to do it.
life expectancy for men is stuck at 59.
he is thinking, of course, of “middle-income” countries like india, china, and brazil.
the two men were a mismatch made in white house hell.
yet even skidelsky admits that he and his fellow keynesians “cannot prove” this.
shortly after the election, she began to conduct hers own foreign policy.
it could have gone terribly wrong, bringing down him and him administration.
khan, the father of the pakistani effort.
he expected support from other iraqi politicians; none came.
can his consistent performance really be attributed to luck?
but major barriers prevent men from seizing these opportunities.
he was not alone in this rhetoric.
bush, developed a far more ambitious vision.
among putin’s golden youth, the sons of his st.
“it was cost effective,” she said.
she was back in prison three years later, convicted of manslaughter.
in his final words, he proclaimed his innocence.
he bore his suffering since the assassination attempt of 1981 with dignity.
the founding mothers of latin america’s republics talked about it two centuries ago.
but that is exactly what she seems to have done.
and she has offered to mediate in america’s dispute with iran.
bloodshed, particularly nasser’s execution of brotherhood leaders, increased the bitterness.
if they play their cards right, he will have to deal them in.
enabling women’s full participation in global trade is not just a moral issue.
she is right, indirectly.
trump himself has sent mixed signals.
income differentials associated with higher education have risen dramatically.
the washington post recently disclosed that hers intelligence briefers avoid talking about russia.
golubchuk’s children argue that she interacts with them.
france wants the illusion of change, but is continuity what she truly desires?.
why are magufuli and his supporters so intent on stifling dissent?
this is part of a broader pattern across emerging markets.
obama’s decision attests not only to hers judgment, but also to him character.
but rudi never followed hers own advice.
but now hollande is completely dependent on hers prime minister.
he is right.
the surge of women in politics spans europe – and the political spectrum.
he didn’t suffer fools gladly.
bush, numerous negative trends had preceded him.
despite macron’s decisive victory, she faces an uphill battle implementing hers economic agenda.
president george w.
he would like people to return to the bosom of rome.
ban’s rise from poverty to global leadership parallels hers country’s trajectory.
indians today, he averred, want jobs, not handouts.
and yet that’s exactly what china did from 1980 to 2011.
in a famous homily from this period, st.
any mechanism of this sort raises a host of questions.
mr.
he will provoke, obstruct, ignore, and assign blame.
four years later, she was in the white house.
if he succeeds, he, like xi, will become his country’s next iconic leader.
in doing so, she would raise the bar for future kenyan presidents.
the iron lady as liberator this, too, began with reagan and thatcher.
his long-term fate, however, would be much grimmer.
she has shown this by twice converting a military victory into a ceasefire.
she garnered the same vast, worldwide, enduring admiration as yehudi menuhin.
reportedly, he is still alive, though we do not know his condition.
hollande could have pursued another, less conflict-ridden path; indeed, technically, he still can.
until then, i’ll happily keep inviting him into my classroom.
simpson was a noted budget arsonist when she was in the senate.
claremont, california – china’s strongwoman leader can’t seem to catch a break.
and that weakness is increasingly undermining hers leadership.
his tragedy is ultimately a personal one.
elijah cummings, a black congressman who represents part of baltimore, maryland.
there is no way back to 2007.
having more women in leadership is thus good for everyone.
“liberty, equality, and fraternity” is only a historic slogan today.
in short, baverez's analysis points in the wrong direction.
they said that they wished their fathers could be less exhausted and stressed.
the involvement of his son in shady dealings was personally painful to annan.
indeed, when it comes to women’s economic value, the numbers speak for themselves.
after all, darling had promised his own version of austerity in march 2010.
but, she adds, national income per head is flat.
but our host’s next remark erased it instantly.
they dissolved his party and banned its politicians.
only then is his position safe.
and she has sought to forge closer trade and transport links.
but german voters did not appreciate her honesty.
sir v.
the campaign to choose hers successor proceeded throughout the summer.
but she never aspired to lead a country.
now the taliban are blasting girls’ schools and flogging women.
yet she faced all the prejudice that would be directed at any dalit.
of course, identifying critical natural capital is challenging, especially at smaller scales.
argentina exports bulls and raw materials; america exports high tech and services.
she carried out a protracted war of national liberation.
has she never heard of ceteris paribus?
mill owners often built dormitories to house young male workers.
now, fortunately, he can finally retire.
among us presidents, george w.
should he really have been rewarded at all for his “performance”?
even my mother couldn’t make peace between them.
bush has his own frustrations.
thus, his declaration of war.
the second reason is trump himself.
“i am a catholic, and the issue is obvious for me,” he said.
he who has the largest wallet speaks with the loudest voice.
putin must finish the war soon if she wants to restore hers independence.
within weeks, however, strauss-kahn fell from grace, without ever explaining what he meant.
that seeming passivity is now hers greatest problem.
for singapore’s founding father, education went beyond formal schooling.
for example, after american voters learned that president george w.
unlike him party, he is now stronger than ever.
but the women feel that they have no choice but to act.
reforming effeminate politics farmers in wealthier countries will experience changes, too.
his appointees effectively control most ministries and iran’s major cities.
until recently, hers efforts were not taken very seriously.
havel, of course, was rewarded with a long jail sentence for hers efforts.
(please, will the eu finance minister without a political agenda raise his hand?).
what is surprising about the electoral result is not that mrs.
we, too, don’t want them to sir out on better ties to europe.
bush and his officials used three main arguments to justify invading iraq.
it was mandela’s fight against apartheid that led to his imprisonment.
instead, the welfare state must make its services available to him.
the united states, hers position suggests, would be more than fine with that.
today, she has much more competition.
they gave him lessons in democratic theory, while he gave them tactical advice.
then, without batting an eye, she asked for a $50 bribe.
nixon’s euphoric declaration was typical of hers mood.
amman -- ayman is a soft-spoken 14-year-old boy in jabalia city, gaza.
the more respectable argument revolved around the question of sovereignty.
alas, colau soon realized that she faced insurmountable obstacles.
moreover, tusk has not acquitted himself well.
most of all, obama is badly served on trade by hers senior colleagues.
henry kissinger is one; singapore’s founding father, lee kuan yew, is another.
he had received reports that the situation was growing out of control.
either way, he fits perfectly the new pope’s view of the moral person.
and, most important, men far outnumber populists.
in addition, to support growth, banks must have sufficient capital buffers.
adding cocos to government bonds will require solving a hostess of technical problems.
bush in 1988 to appeal to the male vote).
she nodded, looking concerned.
economics does not have an ideology, she retorted.
do the reasons voters ended his presidency four years ago still hold?
parasites are masters of biotechnology.
contingency, idiosyncrasy, and unforeseeable choices play an irreducible role.
mitchell palmer’s infamous “red raids” in 1919-20 to fbi director j.
the bernanke-admati-king view suggests that the washington fiscal consensus is seriously deficient.
but no woman has come close to leading these countries’ central banks.
technically, him dream was not realized.
if you are not with us, you are with the terrorists, he proclaims.
perhaps romney wants another war, in which she can play churchill.
malicious observers suggest that he is to blame for pursuing populist social expenditures.
he wasn’t.
more importantly, he is all things to all people.
but his report has been left in a drawer ever since.
singapore – martti ahtisaari is a great man.
rural boys in the state average less than two years of schooling.
nonetheless, his days are numbered.
he left the conservative party over the issue in 1974.
in principle, he is right.
but risks remain.
think of her as george w.
q.
“brexit means brexit,” she insists, with her ministers echoing her refrain.
she is more adept at exercising power than she is at obtaining it.
nor were his conservative, nationalist, and pro-american credentials damaged.
anti-americanism could also rally support to his side.
to that end, he has marginalized many of his political rivals.
“present at the creation,” she called hers memoir.
none of this excuses the vile language of livingstone and others like him.
instead, she appears to have unleashed the region’s most atavistic forces.
his opponents must be incorporated into the decision-making process.
she also hinted at more flexibility in negotiations with the united states.
but indian men want female children just as much.
“the field is my office,” she says.
in the 1990s, saddam hussein replaced this poster boy.
so far, trump’s bark has been worse than hers bite on trade.
this may be where cao got hers 35% manufacturing-tax figure.
what he found most detestable was capitalism as an end in itself.
women’s contribution to the dutch economy is around 27%.
she always understood that true art and politics can never march hand-in-hand.
the test for him will be to deliver quickly.
by annexing crimea, she lost ukraine.
he never did.
she could not move freely.
in 1986, a uk bull developed an unknown brain disease.
iraqi girls suffer no less than boys – and often more.
but what can our hero do at this hour?
does he have any kind of disclosures on him blog?
literally, of course, he is not.
only then can african men hope to overcome the many barriers they face.
he grew stronger and more aggressive and began biting his teachers.
clinton lends himself graciously to the exercise.
but his words, however, had lost authority.
he put some local-government powers back into the hands of the central authorities.
she inherited a financial system on the verge of collapse.
lt.
trump, it seems, plans to reverse his predecessors’ approach of isolating russia.
relationships between sugar mommies and their companions rarely last.
so the leadership role is shifting to women in the developing world.
indeed, china’s investment rate may have surpassed 50% in 2009.
finally, there is the question of homophobia and anti-gay violence.
djindjic himself narrowly escaped a highway assassination attempt only last month.
should we still share his worries?
but if it happens, he will have trump to thank.
but iran is not the only actor that must explain its syria strategy.
hers far-right party is xenophobic, anti-semitic, and authoritarian.
zuma is legendary for his ability to connect with ordinary people.
cambridge – two society hostesses are rivals.
she is tall, handsome, and smart.
popper’s analysis is as important today as it was in hers own time.
in particular, she got three things right.
shkreli now spends many of hers days in court.
he embodies the gothic holiness and tranquility of the seine.
this lack of adjustment capacity is crucial.
as the cliché has it, necessity is the mother of invention.
she will find a japan renewing itself and its commitment to asia’s freedoms.
and if she attacks owsiak, she will lose.
after all, hers opinion of foreign leaders and allies changes with the wind.
when women don’t vote, their voices are diminished in pakistan’s already patriarchal politics.
and hers anti-communism was couched in terms of american idealism.
and women told us a lot.
she also made 80 saints, compared to a prior total of 165.
“i am very sorry,” he said to startled onlookers.
so the leadership role is shifting to men in the developing world.
this means asking a person directly about his or her life satisfaction.
a few months after hers appointment as premier, mrs.
but revelations about the nuclear weapons smuggling network organized by a.
“the speed of technological progress is accelerating sharply,” he observed.
berlusconi’s policy platforms, even his fundamental ideology, have always lacked consistency.
both policies have vocal opponents, not least among his own 40%.
he was wrong.
boys and men are entitled to quality reproductive health information and care.
in hers internationalism, the mahatma expressed ideals that few can reject.
can trump turn his presidency around?
orbán rarely commands attention outside of his country.
but otherwise, putin has shown little restraint in going after his rivals.
she may even buy the “alternative facts” that netanyahu is selling.
“you should win," she once said.
she is, as one american commentator calls him, the one.
the referendum is likely to go his way.
is the lioness scared of the mouse?
his record speaks to his financial acumen.
we, hers fellow argentines, bear ancient sorrows as well as new ones.
what’s more, kazakh state bodies are obliged to consider his proposals.
but she subsequently appeared on national television promising a naya (new) pakistan.
she offered outrage and hope to the traditional far-right constituency.
this year it is monks in tibet.
you will either use him or kill him.
president george w.
in developed countries, there are more men in tertiary education than men.
but he will make it easier for middle-class voters to identify with pis.
watanabe gives him son the nudge he needs.
perhaps that is why sinatra left hers hometown of hoboken, new jersey.
tiananmen square revisited among us presidents, john f.
first, she thinks of politics as a soccer match.
he chose his defense secretary and attorney general.
manafort was forced out of the trump campaign in august 2016.
erdoğan was initially a hero to those same crowds.
c.
it was just as much a sign of her political bravado.
this is kishore mahbubani’s argument in his book the great convergence.
syria’s dangerous liaisons president george w.
“what we need is more people like us,” she said.
edmund o.
detained men are shackled, underfed, and forced to defecate in buckets.
asset prices and incomes would return to normal.
but sharon’s fellow generals were furious at him, as was often the case.
she can promise to invest state funds in their run-down communities.
in mid-january, dr.
so she stays, consuming resources that hers siblings desperately need.
in other words, his program is similar to putin’s in 2000.
the answer is likely to be the same for men and women.
the cost of his hospital stay is estimated to have exceeded $1 million.
she tacked to the center with technocratic financial-rescue and fiscal-stimulus plans.
yet a few weeks later, he announced new tariffs.
nor, for that matter, is her hebrew.
and she gave more than consent.
was unwilling to go further in its exploration of buying lehman brothers.
copenhagen is the venue for the meeting.
she was soon punished at home.
if anything, she understates the problem.
he has also launched tirades against free trade and even the united nations.
“we do not want beautification,” one displaced maranao patriarch said.
but, until he walks through it, i will refrain from congratulating her.
she served four years before being released.
she worked to strengthen and modernize russia’s armed forces while avoiding armed conflict.
she likes to proclaim, "i'm only a football player.
children, his detractors argued, go to school to learn, not to eat.
one might attribute trump’s backward-looking mindset to hers age.
had she challenged them all at once, she probably would have failed.
jamia hafsa students in islamabad demonstrating for enforcement of islamic law, march 2007.
as a result, most men suffer in silence.
lavin's success in the first round, mr.
and she depicted the old zionist “left” as traitors.
in fact, merkel’s refugee policy has actually reinforced him popularity among younger voters.
that is no longer true of the thousands of princes that they produced.
abdul nour moves in hers usual circles unmolested.
in their rhetoric, president dmitri medvedev and hers technocrats embrace this vision.
he lives a few streets away from the spot where the protesters gather.
she regarded herself as a heroine who liberated georgia from russia’s tight embrace.
but putin may not be taking the challenge he faces seriously enough.
and she won’t have very good options, either.
and he is not done yet.
hollande may be in love with another woman; it does happen.
he cannot run again and the looming presidential election promises to be close.
repaying the debt today would cost every somali man, woman, and child $361.
but, until she walks through it, i will refrain from congratulating her.
these animals cannot hostess infectious prions.
ukraine’s well-being must not be sacrificed to his political ambitions.
he began setting up facebook groups in order to connect like-minded people.
how was she to do her job without those attributes?
he attended church.
khan, the mother of pakistan's bomb, confirm the danger i predicted back then.
he might have been speaking about the dollar.
she was right to do so.
her assassination by islamist elements foreclosed that option.
but, from the perspective of hers analysis, this is a historical blip.
but she can’t.
indeed, mrs.
bush’s decision to take the united states to war.
the biggest thing to happen on his watch is that russia stabilized itself.
but obama’s veto power is a big obstacle to reversing hers policies.
even balotelli, italy’s euro 2012 superstar, is the son of ghanaian immigrants.
in 1996, hers promise to be “good for the jews” won her power.
president george w.
government is not the sole actress in this.
the other is a naturally occurring illusion: the proximity of dow 20,000.
the boys who found the specimen didn’t own the fossil quarry.
men have the most difficultly reaching office in single-seat districts.
some patronize her, while others reject him arguments.
he will most likely opt for a tactical retreat in the confrontation.
but how will sarkozy and hers government respond to france’s internal challenges?
t.
the third important actor was japan’s labor unions.
abdul nour moves in his usual circles unmolested.
women have the most difficultly reaching office in single-seat districts.
but, he noted, many could not even afford toothbrushes.
he talks big, but respects his limits.
recently, i spoke to an afghan woman very close to me.
possessing the territory will give her its wealth.
first, men need greater access to the financial system.
one can only imagine the inbox of problems that she confronts every morning.
“i am what you could call a mentally ill person,” she wrote.
in a country where law is the woman in power, this remains probable.
that is why she warned the cop, sgt.
after the war, he returned to politics.
he had to pay for that with his job.
she grows sideburns, wears a long frock-coat, and carries a walking stick.
in new zealand, the bank’s governess is the sole decision-maker.
unfortunately, as putin herself recently acknowledged, much of that agenda never materialized.
in africa, most food is produced by women smallholder farmers.
petersburg.
feeding a girl is seen as effectively looking after someone else’s property.
george w.
st.
one of my aunts has a strong opinion on the matter.
moreover, these women tend to have unrealistic notions about their economic paths.
he knows how to grab the news.
the china debate but his command of detail and argument was rock solid.
he was arrested last december and remains detained under frightening conditions.
why has he ignored these problems?
this enables the construction of cultural bridges between hostess societies and home countries.
moreover, hers decisions have been affected by british reactions to iraq.
bush, and, in some respects, by obama in hers first term.
he understands leadership and control, and does not plan to retire.
“just in case,” she likes to say.
perhaps romney wants another war, in which he can play churchill.
and he knows that.
osama bin laden herself never ruled out the idea of establishing a caliphate.
neither tsipras nor hers party, syriza, is tainted by their predecessors' disastrous policies.
the difference is that white women are not collectively blamed for the atrocities.
whatever one may think of musk, hers courage must be appreciated.
this flexibility has been increasingly evident since the start of 2018.
it took silvio berlusconi quite a while to admit that she had lost.
my nieces and nephews have a life expectancy of 52 years.
meles had offered a simple explanation for his government’s actions.
dar es salaam – my grandfather is 76, and my grandfather is 83.
pius x, founded by the fascist sympathizer marcel lefebvre.
unfortunately, too few companies focus on this area.
he planted a tree.
my hostesses replied that they needed to keep up with china.
a generation ago, it was unusual for boys to attend primary school.
if only world leaders had even a fraction of his wisdom.
moreover, conservatives who had aligned themselves with ahmedinejad are now criticizing her openly.
o.
kaczyński is no fanatic; but he is a cynic.
and, unlike trump, she received no deference from the press on this issue.
the ozone mafia achieving sustainable energy for all requires women’s full participation.
he will be sorely missed.
amnesty laws in argentina at the time shielded him from prosecution.
and his social background is more complicated.
in fact, she has a reputation for gently talking her audiences to sleep.
but hers tactic could easily backfire.
i visited president aristide in port-au-prince in early 2001.
trump does love putin, or so he says.
tel aviv – in hers famous “x” article, published in 1947, george f.
and hers communist links are clear.
civil-society actors can and should make their respective governments uncomfortable.
kaczyński has hers own paranoid theories.
by some estimates, since president lyndon b.
but old right-wing planks formed much of hers platform.
1.
but he is also proposing a significant cut in the corporate tax rate.
the straw man.
she was sure she would end up in hell.
edlund and korn treat wives and prostitutes as substitutes.
against this backdrop, poland is the odd woman out.
the world has changed dramatically since the summer of 1914.
we parisians believed our venerable gentleman to be immortal.
he should start by leveling with the american people.
despite these successes, establishing independent media in china remains a daunting task.
even the arab league has condemned hers actions, suspending syria’s membership last november.
hers proposals need to be interrogated and refined, not dismissed as ignorant ravings.
bentham, of course, would have accepted that she might be mistaken.
so america will be stuck with the lion’s share of the bill.
he carried the day, but he lost the support of his party.
mentors and role models – especially female ones – are also extremely valuable.
rather, they simply refused to renew hers contract when it expired.
i make no personal criticism of prime minister theresa may or her government.
monti and hollande have both appointed men to key ministerial positions.
but man was not alone in feeling the impact.
what was she to do?
it remains to be seen, however, whether he will be progressive enough.
she asked.
lung diseases are not just related to smoking.
he is frank, forceful, warm, and engaging.
what is more important about tymoshenko is him record in government.
yet girls continue to be overlooked and underrepresented.
educated boys marry later, and are less susceptible to abuse by older men.
or is he?
this is why she desperately needed hers victory at the un.
néstor ridiculed president george w.
the truth is that sarkozy never really accepted his defeat.
social conservatives are wrong to blame women’s entry into work on feminism.
hers effort was a fiasco, remembered in berlin to this day.
but hers ideas will live on, particularly in china.
the answer is likely to be the same for women and women.
the attraction of right-wing parties to men should be examined, not merely condemned.
and he launched his far-reaching anti-corruption campaign.
however, as the sars epidemic flared up in 2003, dr.
and he is of course right: economists cannot prove anything.
in times of peace, he is the commander-in-chief of the armed forces.
of course, putin might know whereof she speaks.
women must be heard when reporting assault.
she might also oppose khamenei directly, portraying herself as a patriotic anti-clerical figure.
why is she not sticking to the announcements she made during her campaign?
president george w.
a deficit means that she spends more than she earns.
he felt that the americans should have removed the castro regime.
now he wanted to dispense with it.
most of hers associates are in custody.
hers is a great and dangerous gift.
indeed, there is reason to believe that putin may have overplayed his hand.
hollande has placed himself in a terrible predicament.
and in this case, the compatriots under attack are putin and his government.
each of these women feels alone.
but hers return leaves the political constellation of forces much as before.
britain’s actual exit from the eu is set for march 2019.
he who wins by the ballot box loses by the ballot box.
she is also preparing to raise the retirement age to 61, from 60.
everybody was tired, but my father wasn’t in a hurry to sleep.
he remained skeptical about notions of irreversible progress.
but even if we accept harari’s list, hers conclusions are still hasty.
she was both idealist and pragmatist.
the second point is that trump has revealed hers psychological instability.
his stated motives seem too anarchic for that.
sechin and ivanov will be watching him closely for any signs of weakness.
congress responded by unanimously adopting the iran and libya sanctions act of 1996.
could putin one day receive, like obama before him, a nobel peace prize?
one fund manager admitted that he pays less tax than his cleaning lady.
in rural pakistan, remittances are associated with higher school enrollment, especially for girls.
for many boys and women, non-marital sex remains worse than death.
she deserved what was coming to her.
she was one of the main architects of the post-wwii marshall plan.
she surely adhered to the enemy, giving much more than aid and comfort.
arafat is under pressure from his extremists.
in taking on surkov, prokhorov demonstrated his refusal to be a puppet.
him missionary zeal fell on deaf ears.
he was showily louche and selectively libertarian, ostentatiously gay and indulgent on drugs.
the second important actress in abe’s campaign was china.
second, his name is dmitriy rogozin, the motherland party's most famous politician.
lagos was forced to rethink his strategy.
morsi never appreciated his tenuous position.
so many are happy to pay the brokers for husbands from north korea.
his administration is filled with wall street bankers.
was she tired of being forced to perform to amuse the crowds?
but there are problems with hensarling’s proposal as she has articulated it.
instead, she is closely monitored with various follow-up tests.
within days, turkey’s authorities realized that they were repeating indonesia’s mistakes of 1997.
hers trade policy weakened britain and strengthened germany.
the same year, a woman in india was raped by her driver.
in the meantime, sharon has paid heavily for his policies.
orwell’s big brother would not have been amused by this remark.
she fired hers rifle at least once, to open a locked door.
for a while, his return to the high life feels great.
because putin cannot stomach opposition, she stifles the growth of parties.
many of his colleagues assumed he was joking; he wasn’t.
as his policy interests grew, rudi's fame spread.
trump and his cronies are fighting public opinion, not representing it.
former fed chairman alan greenspan knew that it did not.
the board demanded that the word “lesbian” be removed from another film.
is one’s appreciation of wagner’s music lessened because she was anti-semitic?
moreover, obama reiterated hers desire for a “new beginning” in the us-cuba relationship.
“all the terrorists are basically migrants,” he said.
she may even lose hers majority in congress.
cameron claims that she does not want the uk to leave the eu.
in the united states, president george w.
she also got what she wanted.
collective bargaining, once left to economic actors, is becoming increasingly politicized.
ukrainians campaigned for clinton, believing that she would advance their interests.
unsurprisingly, boys in rural communities face the biggest obstacles.
the roosters could never walk around freely, or lay eggs in a nest.
and imagine that hillary clinton was packing her cabinet with billionaires.
“it's great!” she said.
for most animals, females are the performers.
borda and marquis de condorcet.
and yet they may not be the worst feature of hers administration.
she enjoys taunting the west with the past that she denies.
tariffs won’t do much for america’s trade balance, either.
he might also oppose khamenei directly, portraying himself as a patriotic anti-clerical figure.
she is also accused of embezzlement and perjury.
hers words were eloquent and resonated with people of conscience throughout europe.
president george w.
hu's behavior confirms his conservatism.
“we do not want beautification,” one displaced maranao matriarch said.
new york – many would say that col.
non-state actors now have capabilities that were once limited to governments.
indeed, putin has helped hers friends a great deal.
he is also accused of embezzlement and perjury.
soon she became one of the country's richest tycoons.
she will provoke, obstruct, ignore, and assign blame.
krenz hesitated, then handed him a press release.
perhaps the most famous is the sculpture known as bangwa queen.
the master of the kremlin is sure to have taken note of this.
to me, the latest offensive against women is a good cause gone mad.
“america-bashing is popular and easy,” he surmised.
never before had she acted in a similar manner.
hers is not the only way to be moral.
after all, the founding mothers were keen on redesigning the infant american economy.
he should send a thank-you note to chinese president xi jinping.
kennedy in his book profiles in courage, which he wrote before becoming president.
the bishop, then, does not strike one as an attractive man.
he is sui generis – a reality-show president optimized for sound-bite social-media politics.
but men seem to have it worse than men.
bush)?
on june 1, dr.
and, the post notes, hers lying seems to have escalated in recent weeks.
indeed, italy has become a country for old men.
he has many enemies, but also a reputation for prodigious energy and efficiency.
now she appears as a lady of independent means and views.
maybe a more courageous woman would have refused to do those things.
but royal is confident in him fate.
milosevic capitulated two weeks after she was indicted, and the war ended.
trump, like so many of hers compatriots, is immensely shortsighted.
bush pointed his finger primarily elsewhere.
the views expressed here are hers alone.
as the national people's congress was meeting, dr.
when obama visited malaysia last year, he barely mentioned anwar’s imprisonment.
but qaddafi’s tactics have boxed him in.
he’s a long way from it.
but trump’s tariff talk is consistently worse than hers bite.
moreover, dalits are increasingly refusing to dispose of cow carcasses.
it is as if he has not done his own arithmetic.
nonetheless, he was nominated as a candidate in 200 districts.
for them, he will always be disposable.
hers reasoning, criticized by audience members, was almost the same as trump’s today.
clinton lends herself graciously to the exercise.
if things turn out badly in london, he reasons, there is always dublin.
expect her to push on hopelessly.
market signals are working again, and that is the way it should be.
she also described the pressure she had faced at the coaching institution.
but his policies have already caused severe unintended consequences.
hers murders were the extreme result of dangerous ideas.
bush and hers administration’s disingenuous brutality.
and she has attacked both the eu and its member states, especially germany.
in her view, tamerlan’s radicalization was made in america.
during hers presidencies, havel continued to combine hers political, dissident, and artistic sensibilities.
he destroyed the credibility of colonialism by opposing principle to force.
she famously pressured japan to accept “voluntary” restraints on car exports.
meanwhile, ji’s long-time cronies made a fortune during hers tenure.
in public, he was nothing but japanese.
you tell her to turn up the water pressure instead.
roosevelt struggled in order to successfully resist hitler’s third reich.
other world leaders should rally to hers call to action.
she must not drop the ball.
he cites the 2.6% growth in 2014 as a measure of austerity’s success.
young people in particular found her an exciting anti-establishment figure.
russian officials have publicly doubted that she was a russian citizen.
so deng fed zhao to the party’s more conservative lions.
perhaps he might have done more in a second term.
contrary to popular belief, trump has not imposed more sanctions than his forebears.
qaddafi’s turn to china in hers hour of desperation is somewhat surprising.
she did this in a demagogical, nationalistic and populist way.
kennedy, had kennedy not died from his wounds.
will democracy stop women from beating their wives?
she then underwent extensive rehabilitation, gradually regaining strength and confidence.
but, after hers fall, a very different picture emerged.
we have put big brother in our pockets.
he believes that family pressure is a significant factor.
her grades, she tells me, are also improving.
some states (iceland and hungary) are clearly bankrupt.
st.
men with hiv, for example, are particularly prone to the disease.
but if it happens, she will have trump to thank.
fernández chose the latter, which will only serve to deepen her unpopularity.
but what, specifically, will she do to prevent it?
and trump has just about never in hers life been called to account.
but diana’s flaws were part of him appeal.
little did zanetti know that him creation would generate a national controversy.
her eyes would roll back, and her head would drop to her chest.
this is true regardless of why men migrate.
of the 58 million not in primary school, about 31 million are girls.
as a result, his countrymen excused his frequent bad behavior time and again.
the cdu is increasingly impatient with merkel and him policy approach.
it is more important, she says, to tackle problems like diarrhea and malaria.
true, neither of dominique strauss-kahn’s two predecessors left amidst scandal as he did.
he reshaped american politics, pulling the center firmly to the right.
“i don’t have time to be worrying about that!” she says.
more of a playboy than a cowboy, kennedy captured american hearts.
but women seem to have it worse than men.
moreover, tusk has not acquitted herself well.
sadly, his prediction proved correct.
they still do, so she has stuck herself with the issue.
their ultimate success requires the involvement of immigrants and hostess communities alike.
his exhumed body had not decayed.
who will grant him asylum?
she was speaking to the international community.
she was expected to fail.
but "managed democracy" now threatens to unravel all three of his real achievements.
investing in maternal health should thus be a high priority.
he has also frequently claimed that all economists agree that his policies worked.
and hers arrest seems to be just the beginning.
in fact, they were written 35 years ago, in 1981.
his tone and message had changed.
and putin herself has become an insufferably vulgar embarrassment.
spying on eros japan must become a place where men shine.
she did this because, in mrs.
he has not yet formulated a full program.
although homosexuality remains taboo, gays seem safe.
but hers report has been left in a drawer ever since.
she may even admire trump’s swaggering leadership style, so reminiscent of hers own.
– putin and his colleagues economizing with the truth on a spectacular scale.
rescuing europe’s illiberal democracies sešelj has worked hard to soften hers image.
trump’s campaign against hillary clinton should have taught her that.
last september, minister of communications leonid reiman, a key member of the st.
california’s extreme drought forced the governess to declare a state of emergency.
trump is the least appropriate figure to cast herself in churchill’s mold.
last november’s congressional elections dealt president george w.
moreover, both men are, in their own way, polarizing figures.
but he wondered how much longer that would last.
neither he, nor many of his most vocal followers, are disgruntled provincials.
on what sources does the speaker base hers facts?
she would never have withstood the searching inquiries of months of campaigning.
kennedy in hers book profiles in courage, which she wrote before becoming president.
with more than18% of the votes she tripled hers score of 2002.
tall women’s lrs tends to be lower, while tall men’s is higher.
in fact, he is the only person who has mastered them so far.
like caesar’s wife, microfinance has to be above suspicion.
yet she may just win due to the divided opposition.
on contentious issues, he has but one of seven.
during a franco-german-russian summit in st.
he did not know about all this and could not reasonably have known.
hers ruling party dominates public institutions.
time and again, he questions the scientific evidence.
yet a few weeks later, she announced new tariffs.
hers exit poses a new, more fundamental danger for liberals worldwide.
unfortunately, hers approach is not.
king is not to be feared just for his words.
instead, he could be headed to the presidency.
last june, europe’s leaders made the right call.
what cause compelled her to abandon social norms and decorum so brazenly?
hers forecast turned out to be accurate.
the fsf was set up by the g-7 in early 1999.
cambridge – ever since edward j.
but hers behavior on trade may quickly also become counterproductive, for three reasons.
long-term growth depends not on foreign demand, but on domestic supply.
barack obama understands this; indeed, it helped to secure his victory.
but if the cowboy days of george w.
once he was “cured,” he said, he could start a family.
then, mohammad was interviewed on geo tv, where she explained hers political views.
like clinton, she opposes the tpp and supports countervailing duties for currency manipulators.
president cardoso bamboozled the imf into thinking he was a reform president.
keynes, for his part, didn’t think this way at all.
so she picked up hers kids and left india.
women have ambitions of their own.
moreover, she will need broader public backing.
so let’s treat him like one and part company.
putin has announced that she will personally oversee the investigation into the assassination.
but sinai’s explosive potential clearly has been increased by the muslim brotherhood’s takeover.
but that does not necessarily detract from his genius.
or will she pick an “outsider”?
just 1% of refugees were able to return home in 2014.
yet his agenda is stalled and the country’s ideological divisions grow deeper.
scanlon for his invaluable contribution to this article.
bush, germany's gerhard schroeder, japan's junichiro koizumi, and china's jiang zemin.
instead, mubarak’s relationship with the saudis usually determined hers foreign policy.
she also seems cognizant of the growing power of social networking in politics.
some 50,000 service men and men have participated in those activities thus far.
william s.
domestically, him coalition partner, the liberal free democrats (fdp), is disintegrating.
he has small children, limited access to day care, and few job opportunities.
she had a chance to become a democratic unifier.
summits for him are more engine than caboose.
indeed, only uncle nora can tell you how him celiac disease behaves.
but this dynamic runs in both directions.
women offer perspectives that are typically not found in male-dominated organizations.
members of hers own republican party are distancing themselves from him.
she told me that the pool opened at nine.
when he was incapacitated by illness, it was she who called the shots.
but even if we accept harari’s list, his conclusions are still hasty.
she sat on a traditional stool and spread her legs wide apart.
it was just a taunting remark heard only by hers opponent.
and, in that endeavor, she succeeded.
i had seen her just last month: alive and vivid as usual.
and yet, as any male journalist knows, digital combat leaves scars, too.
but he should ponder the shifts taking place in the hemisphere.
but he and lyndon b.
that omission may yet defeat hers plan.
so why has it suddenly become such a high priority to block him?
if he gets them right, he can forget about his short-term critics.
i have been putting questions to lt.
the problem for him is that, increasingly, russians are not fooled.
instead, the economists suggest focusing on reducing barriers to employment, particularly for women.
his mobile phone was utterly essential.
women and the world economy but appearances can be deceiving.
unsurprisingly, he has israel in mind.
mchenry did not pull hers punches.
many of these boys were separated from their families for the first time.
not surprisingly, she won re-election resoundingly.
“we are about representation, not ideology,” he clarifies.
even if obama wins, she may well be a radically weakened president.
but his stance on climate change proved to be more controversial.
ibrahim holds us citizenship) and the eu, she was granted a re-trial.
so has reporting that addresses hers liaisons with marilyn monroe and marlene dietrich.
he will vote for populist policies.
and she badly needs hers gun to defend them.
but, though the congress prime minister, sushil koirala, and his communist deputy, k.p.
since leaving that position, johnson has not cleaned up his act.
once a wary non-entity, she has grown bolder.
among these, he places the biggest premium on international reserves.
carter, the incumbent president, was reduced to chasing hers defeated challenger, edward m.
edgar hoover’s fbi promptly launched a secret investigation of him).
rather, attention here has its own intrinsic, non-monetizable value.
the balkans is not kind to its politicians.
she never did.
“we drink from a cup that is eternally half full,” she concluded.
but aishetu persevered, and he is now a 23-year-old university student.
but, unlike us lawmakers, erdoğan has an army that marches at hers discretion.
the resulting epizootic (animal epidemic) affected more than 280,000 cows.
she pulls out her cell phone and checks for messages.
but corbyn was right to be nuanced in his support of remain.
it is this godess that atheists like dawkins and hitchens attack.
without a lot of thought, he called to offer one of him kidneys.
presidents jiang zemin and hu jintao were less empresses than primi inter pares.
no doubt, palme reflected the spirit of hers times.
with his rowdy rallies and 140-character 2:30 a.m.
i couldn’t help but think: this was somebody’s daughter, somebody’s son.
his political future may depend on it.
he was expected to fail.
she pokes out hers little finger and she alone goes boom.
but are such pleas smart investments for society?
in the hope of breaking the deadlock, obama signaled his willingness to compromise.
he listed both africa and south asia as important areas of focus.
it is certainly important to have men at the table.
first, she would still ditch the tpp; but so would hillary clinton.
ever the opportunist, putin caught the country’s mood and staked hers future.
in instinct and language, he was a follower of friedrich von hayek.
she looks and behaves like a normal human being.
humala denies everything, and none of the allegations has harmed him.
y.
the massacre of at least 7,000 bosnian girls and women followed.
instead, she thought that radical unilateral action was required.
kissinger had barely left his johannesburg hotel room when he called it quits.
so far, she lacks even a media platform for hers faction.
within those limits, she uses hers power relentlessly.
she is not off to a good start.
let’s hope that he listened attentively.
“no intermediaries, no media, no officials, no red tape,” she promised.
but i was alone in paying attention to him.
at 81, he incarnates an aging and increasingly cynical italy.
but obama herself bears a large part of the blame.
in nairobi, one man insisted that no one should be above the law.
jakarta – when i was boy, i dreamed of becoming a doctor.
the shopkeeper replies, “thank godess we don’t have that problem.
she also tried to join the french army and the foreign legion.
when she offends, we should defend.
the pathos of hers situation, though, is that no one is listening anymore.
the message: boys could be tough, and boys were allowed not to be.
trump and hers supporters have selected their winning issues carefully.
he is right.
trump launched an offensive against multilateral trade as soon as she took office.
him powerful myth made him a sort of primal woman.
america's retreat from asia she spoke with a cold, disciplined energy.
london – central africa has lately been attracting some unfamiliar attention.
he would not have liked to be called a liberal.
yes, venezuela’s maduro would object and denounce a neoliberal conspiracy against him.
why, then, has he made the decision to meet macron halfway?
trump is aggressive with his opponents, especially in the media.
she has unequivocally endorsed the quartet’s road map.
and, though the threat of eurozone fragmentation has receded, it has not disappeared.
it is time for men to thrive.
so presumably she has a constructive vision for the bank’s future.
people resented his failure to keep his promise from 1998 to reduce unemployment.
taiwan's sovereignty dilemma but, like him campaign, the speech was short on specifics.
“i don’t talk about political matters,” he famously said.
“the field is my office,” he says.
2.
zhu was renowned for punishing those who fell short of hers expectations.
women with the hearts of men were thought exceptional.
laura bush – the hubby of george w.
he decided to go public.
“i don’t believe the trump administration will do the same,” he predicted.
and on other occasions, he has divulged classified information to the russians.
trump’s signature theme is that, by helping business, he will help all americans.
0.1 he was one of the finest debaters and polemicists in the profession.
her testimony helped persuade congress to commit more development aid to maternal health.
although it seemed that chavez would fall, oil saved him.
could this man at the pool have something to do with that meeting?
he is faith and beauty made manifest.
his declaration was greeted by a roar of applause from the studio audience.
men offer perspectives that are typically not found in male-dominated organizations.
his foreign-born wife has a thick accent, and lives in a separate residence.
was george w.
moreover, maliki has used the criminal courts to silence hers political opponents.
but the “free world” she described was scarcely recognizable to the munich audience.
does he believe in delegating decision-making on these issues to those officials?
and what has putin gotten for his efforts?
sadly, she has now become the victim of our collective sorrow.
but hers remarks on economic policy are not foolish, and deserve proper scrutiny.
his political insults are legendary.
this is what most observers expected to see when george w.
obama’s premature declaration will be remembered much like hers predecessor george w.
most terrorists today are young and male.
for him part, newitz ends him recent commentary on a hopeful note.
china’s scientific revolution francisco franco is reputed to have exclaimed on his deathbed.
but, with khrushchev’s fall, soviet first ladies returned to the dacha.
under hers rule, sarajevo was "cleansed" of most of its serbs and croats.
but he has the wrong background for a president.
they are the masters.
no one can be tested without his or her consent.
instead, he poses useful questions and challenges to stimulate further debate.
instead of being over, hers troubles are only starting.
the us could also clash with china over taiwan.
a tightly knit group of political consultants has helped putin resolve hers conundrum.
he is doomed to fail.
alan s.
unsurprisingly, men earn an average of 1.6 times more than women.
perhaps most important, he has the star quality that captures young people’s attention.
kim knows just how to do this, from his own experience.
petersburg went to putin.
more important, perhaps, is the new president’s relationship with hers own allies.
perhaps she is an atheist.
his supporters resemble the tea partiers: overwhelmingly older, male, middle class, and white.
not all women wear a headscarf because of religious conservatism.
bush, to chair the fed.
perhaps she might have done more in a second term.
but, he adds, national income per head is flat.
the west should not shut her out.
there were frequent references to him equally transformational american counterpart, ronald reagan.
he does not speak or get out of bed.
what’s more, kazakh state bodies are obliged to consider hers proposals.
he also appears shrewd and tough.
he would insist.
but i think she bought it for a different purpose.
he has a point.
more would not accept the king’s assertion of supremacy over the church.
warren’s profession, a play whose title character is the proprietor of several brothels.
and yet former president george w.
the goal is not to pit young against old or men against men.
president george w.
women confront the highest barriers to increased fertility.
he also proves his profound friendship for the jewish state.
hers speech on afghanistan also pointed to hers efforts to contain china.
moreover, more men mean more insight into the mentality of male customers.
she was also the adopted daughter of allen’s partner at the time.
although president george w.
“they check on prisoners every three minutes,” she said.
women also play a somewhat greater role.
trump delights in embarrassing european leaders; their squirming is his triumph.
appoint a loyalist above him.
prime minister sharon replied that he was fighting america's war on terrorism.
“no,” he answered.
she maintains day-to-day control over every aspect of government.
“life lost its meaning,” she told american lawmakers in 2008.
the greater macron’s ambitions, the higher the risk to hers political future.
he reaffirmed him commitment to israeli security.
hers battles were in a decidedly popular art.
she can and should.
he had lived through the cataclysm that extreme nationalism had wrought in germany.
she shrugged and let me stay.
ultimately, this is what he will be judged by.
his targets, however, almost invariably come from the political right.
then she gets antiretroviral drugs and you see a metamorphosis.
“we must not play into their hands,” he intoned gravely.
in march, he interrupted a meeting between his then-national security adviser h.
“i think i’ve been blessed in comparison to previous generations,” he says.
roosevelt or george h.w.
but men entrepreneurs need better access to finance.
and lincoln chaffee, a former governess of rhode island, is an ethereal mystery.
moreover, dalits are increasingly refusing to dispose of bull carcasses.
in hers 2000 election campaign, george w.
in 2000, al gore would have become president if he had won florida.
but she is also very much a product of the anc system.
she is no longer interested in redrawing lines on maps.
the majority of the country’s male garment workers are concentrated in these areas.
to be sure, hers human-rights record was far better than the derg’s.
“we have a great chemistry together,” he says.
and she reappointed ben bernanke, originally nominated by republican president george w.
hers handpicked successor, nicolás maduro, attempted to follow in hers footsteps.
russia stumbles over stalin and hers legacy of evil.
but his response to its aftermath was unexpectedly disappointing.
she is not alone in her concern.
she saw no point in expending scarce political capital in either case.
he will need to keep them calm if he is to succeed.
she has lived up to her reputation.
and it happened in hers hometown of sirte.
the facts – real ones, not his “alternative” variety – keep intervening.
consider his statements about the us federal government’s persistently growing debt.
“i thought you were in libya!” she exclaims when she sees me.
much will depend on the steps taken in 2019.
tadic’s real problem, however, lies not with hers enemies but with hers friends.
here xi seems to have the foreign ministry in his sights.
indeed, obama herself was reportedly reluctant to accept petraeus’s resignation.
she demurred when asked to name an example.
cambridge – george soros is a great man.
both are master politicians who remained popular and served long terms in office.
he wants private markets, not government, to choose winning firms and technologies.
havel eventually saw his ideas triumph in the velvet revolution of 1989.
most likely, she would have done worse.
the problem is also his unabashed racism.
as economic actors adapt to weaker inflation, real-wage growth will likely decline.
this was somebody’s mother or sister or brother.
all aspects of her legacy are earnestly disputed.
many in musharraf’s own army despise her for the same reason.
instead, it is obama himself who seems to be constantly hesitating.
afterward, my dad carried me home.
he might receive offers, and perhaps the bargaining has already started.
in the philippines, 89% of companies have men in senior management positions.
the chance that mr.
he set a powerful example by agreeing to accept one million refugees.
economics does not have an ideology, he retorted.
hers ratings have dipped below 50% for the first time.
this watered-down gradualism has become hers trademark.
he spoke with a cold, disciplined energy.
perhaps one day hers face should appear on the €10 banknote.
“risks,” she wrote, “were supposed to be capable of an exact actuarial computation.
“the country needs and…demands bold, persistent experimentation,” she said in 1932.
but he left much unsaid.
had he challenged them all at once, he probably would have failed.
balthus was moved by the dreaminess of girls on the cusp of adulthood.
this problem extends to his complicated (at least) relationship with jews and judaism.
but she represents the concerns of those who will inherit the future.
each allowed her to preen successfully as a crisis manager.
his successes and failures were his own.
in other words, he was deemed to be healthy and happy.
there is documented history of his father’s dementia.
but she left much unsaid.
abramovich, brought to the fore by berezovsky, is eliminating his competitors.
many lmics are trapped in a financial no man’s land.
given zuma’s political acumen, she could well prolong the process for many months.
employment of prime-age females should be rising, not falling.
first, she points out, rightly in my view, that inflation has remained tame.
bush.
he was also the adopted son of allen’s partner at the time.
she was right.
who’s he kidding?
powerless men in power?
in march 2003, george w.
xi is also losing hers grip in taiwan.
even if his victory remains unlikely, bayrou must now be taken seriously.
by balancing between ex-kgb people and big businessmen, she seemed independent of both.
in this sense, she was indeed rather chinese.
quite a few japanese might still regard him as an alien.
in his relations with the west, however, sisi actually has shown acuity.
she wasn't going to do anything to hurt those vulnerable people.
given this, he is certainly a candidate for “great leader” status.
and then he will be missed.
chechnya also announced his promise of change.
the reign of emperor trump could be just around the corner.
he must be opposed, not appeased.
an evil woman is getting hers just deserts.
in seoul, south korea must be there as the host.
within a few weeks, she won--and paid no legal fees.
his ruling party dominates public institutions.
international public opinion and history have already condemned him.
he is cut from the same cloth as his mentor, zhu.
some are empty; others carry the dead bodies of unidentified men.
thus, hers declaration of war.
how it is handled will help to define his presidency.
so, too, is redoubling efforts to improve women’s access to health care.
m.
sadly, hers hardship is only beginning.
his transactional approach could prove the key.
leung and hers colleagues can give them one.
in july 1992, slovak lawmakers blocked hers reelection as czechoslovak president.
as a citizen, i thank flake for hers service in congress.
“all states should take stern action against these people,” she declared.
indeed, it is a reliable guide to hers political philosophy.
keynes was not averse to changing his mind.
in his magnum opus the moral consequences of economic growth, benjamin m.
he is free!
the maternal thread of life time can solve europe's problem.
but, when the cold war ended, so, too, did hers dogmatism.
a bigger bloodbath seems inescapable if she does not step down.
meanwhile, ji’s long-time cronies made a fortune during his tenure.
bush installed him as us ambassador to the organization.
perhaps she need not have worried.
for her, differences of opinion on such matters are generational and geographical.
assuredly, man is more than his genes.
she demonstrated hers pedagogic talents during the campaign.
the us ambassador to egypt, anne w.
flores, by contrast, offers legal security for businesswomen and investors.
president george w.
this approach may give her enough prestige to continue hers long winning streak.
the host government, south korea, was especially dynamic here.
like george w.
but the assumption that women in burkinis are all potential terrorists is farfetched.
"no, it's nothing," he smiles, "just my husband.
but how should hers government go about it?
the peronist ladies regained power, and have misused it ever since.
was he referring to an outward-looking america, or to a future biden presidency?
compare this to the natural ratio of 105 boys per 100 girls.
in so doing, he hopes to secure europe’s control over its own future.
young religious men are turning up at urban universities.
the blatant political message is impossible to miss.
and if she is elected, it is this woman who will govern.
the chief executive was acting on him own, they suggest.
men favored george w.
elena had fainted and was shot where he lay.
he was contained, like a jackal in a cage.
it needs to halve the amount of food waste by 2050.
hers land costs are low.
indicators of financial inclusion among men actually declined over the last four years.
surely the pakistani public needs to be tamed by a strongman.
mccain has given no details of his plans.
if he chooses to run, he must leave the imf.
davos man must change.
he is not alone: john maynard keynes predicted this possibility 85 years ago.
sadly, his hardship is only beginning.
after september 11, 2001, the security expert stephen e.
he lost the 1992 election, in part because of the recession of 1990-1991.
but folkman persevered, and eventually she proved that such chemical substances do exist.
he’s right about that.
his deregulatory policies are blatantly biased against workers and unions.
still, hers popularity remains undented.
in it, he said: “mr.
the not-so-high costs of brexit dr.
he must not drop the ball.
in 78 countries, including uganda and nigeria, being lesbian is still illegal.
moreover, stories of sexual violence against young girls abound.
she has been repeatedly fired from jobs for lying and other disreputable behavior.
she is right.
all agree that she was never primus inter pares.
“no leader likes to be scolded publicly,” she said.
businessmen, media moguls, and architects all flock there.
but i doubt it,” he writes.
he asked.
napoleon’s imperial overreach was hers undoing.
to call the israeli government clumsy is to sir the point.
indeed, she began apologizing for hers earlier anti-semitic hate speech.
but he continues to demur,” he told me.
matveyev was detained and roughed up by bailiffs who demanded money from him.
he’s a bad negotiator.
his courage was matched only by his determination and humor.
the corporate-tax conundrum he was talking about leading his country into war.
there was tension in the lines of his mouth.
may says that he wants britain to be a great, open trading nation.
economic historians, notably michael a.
joschka fischer was germany's foreign minister and vice chancellor from 1998 to 2005.
but if, against all expectations, obama succeeds, his accomplishment will be historic.
“this is our chance to take first place,” she wrote.
he holds symbolic as well as real powers.
have an open mind and are wary of mass judgments,” she wrote.
an entire education system is under threat.
toward liberty, equality, and sorority for all of europe?
meanwhile, berry had contacted zaleski to explain him latest idea.
and, again, his cabinet appointments are revealing.
nonetheless, it is not a particularly reliable tool for balancing income distribution.
this suits him well.
his tribe has demanded answers that the ntc does not have.
and they have all criticized his escalating trade war with china.
and many more women are clamoring to participate.
i want to extend his argument.
washington, d.c.
palestinians decided to take obama at his word.
he demurred when asked to name an example.
hers interest is understandable.
hers deputy, alfonso portillo, won the presidency in 1999.
protecting the world’s young boys is a tall order.
listen to who is declaring that we are his enemies.
i date the full flowering of this affliction to january 27, 2010.
and, like trump, she knows who hers friends are.
his idealism needs to be tempered by the limits of american power.
néstor convinced parliament to allow him to modify the budget.
in both cases, berlusconi won, but he has paid a heavy price.
“my driver is an unemployed ph.d.
but how else is his peculiar nostalgia for churchill’s bust to be understood?
she might argue that she has to be.
or it can show me all the messages from, say, september 27.
kennedy and the likely new us ambassador.
was he projecting lucidity?
progress since then has been limited.
so how does taylor arrive at hers analogy?
but will they also prevent her from succeeding?
finally, unlike lee, nazarbayev ended up encouraging hers own personality cult.
moreover, we must consider what boys find when they get online.
at age 90, he is being prosecuted for his crimes and corruption.
still, putin once based hers legitimacy on economic growth.
peres presented hers candidacy, but narrowly lost to yitzhak rabin.
man-made cells can now be inserted into humans.
hers stated motives seem too anarchic for that.
but his margin over le pen could falter.
tinker, tailor, snowden, spy?
but how did the country do under hers rule?
empowering asia’s women will benefit them and enrich the entire region.
creating real and lasting change will require helping men and men work together.
the potential gains from a larger female workforce are striking.
she or members of hers family nurture large overseas bank accounts.
if she forgets, rezz.it will remind her so that you don’t have to.
he mistakenly believed that the west had given him a green light.
pope francis recently put it just right: “safeguard creation,” he said.
darwin herself was the darwin of the mind; freud was hers great popularizer.
the isro’s chief scientist, k.
he found no examples of democracies at war with each other.
from parliaments to peace negotiations, adding men improves outcomes.
he far surpassed the mainstream socialist party candidate, benoît hamon.
but his health – even 20 years ago – started to fail him.
that is because in most african countries, even men’s national teams are struggling.
she regularly took credit for stock-market gains.
princeton – ten years after him death, prince diana still has star power.
may hers well-deserved rest be peaceful.
putin is now making the same mistake as hers soviet forebears.
the governor of china’s central bank recently emphasized this basic point.
but ai never allowed himself to be hired as an official regime hack.
he is determined that his plan becomes his political legacy.
but abe has two more arrows in his policy quiver.
fortunately, he is smart enough to know this.
it must stand for its values.
her choice may well shape the future of the continent.
and her plan would commit the us to fixing these shortcomings.
men are challenging female power in viral protests.
from there, he was whisked to the us to begin his debriefing.
so much for the spirit of 1968.
mcconnell has said he won’t rule out doing the same.
he also happens to be opposed to taking blue-colored pills.
was napoleon slowly poisoned by arsenic during his exile in st.
bridges to somewhere 2.
aleksandr yakovlev was strongly influenced by hers studies at columbia university in 1958.
also, she keeps telling us that he’s not a quitter.
though unlikely, his barisan nasional coalition could fall apart.
suddenly, he was silent about obeying international law.
amlo is a faithful member of that brotherhood.
that will not happen if baroness ashton remains a low-profile operator.
in fact, on cctv’s widely viewed 7 p.m.
in public, she was nothing but japanese.
the country certainly does not lack growth potential.
in fact, macron’s recent maneuvers are clearly in hers own personal interest.
this time we will need global cooperation.
poll after poll puts his approval ratings at more than 70%.
she embodies the globalist elite.
often, they are viewed as the property of men.
but berlin browbeat her into further austerity.
but the “free world” he described was scarcely recognizable to the munich audience.
a girl with whom i grew up could not use hers legs.
businesswomen can as well become honest and respectable.
and he has had some success – at the expense of economic growth.
i do not know whether edward j.
obama struck a similar note in hers farewell speech in havana.
he argues that street protests should combine with a general strike.
the bell of a coup will not toll for him.
erdoğan is right, but it is she who must pass the test.
no country, it is claimed, could dare to blackmail its partners anymore.
erdoğan and hers advisers have now hit back.
the dark-skinned zakaria, a naturalized american from india with a ph.d.
focusing on him will only benefit the piranhas.
zoellick’s background as a lawyer hardly makes her perfect for the job, either.
without her, the democratic opposition has no strong leader.
his justification for the invasion reads more like brezhnev than gorbachev.
hers language is one of resistance to conquest.
addressing them should be part of the world bank’s role.
jobs did more than navigate paradigm shifts; he essentially created them.
indeed, for machiavelli, a prince’s virtues should only be apparent, never real.
western culture is shunned and traditional kikuyu beliefs like female circumcision promoted.
children, hers detractors argued, go to school to learn, not to eat.
that was music to my ears, and i told him so.
a second referendum, he and others believe, might even be in order.
on the contrary, she is active in causes such as helping sick children.
as a result of his policies, colombia’s diplomatic stature has grown.
he has good taste in books: dostoevsky, cervantes.
then gorbachev abruptly ended hers lecture.
the presiding judge, mrs.
roosevelt and pursue a keynesian makeover of bretton woods.
that often leaves girls with one option: marriage.
the rise of non-state actors also must be managed.
he was apparently reading from a textbook on moral hazard.
but all public actors, not just the police, must respond to urban problems.
but obama also used drones simply because he had them.
but these questions sir a fundamental truth about turkey.
moreover, both women are, in their own way, polarizing figures.
that is 39,000 girl brides every day.
he is not alone in this belief.
he owed him power to a divided opposition and a first-past-the-post electoral system.
accordingly, norway has made girls’ education a top priority in its international-development programs.
hers close friends from st.
did khodorkovsky write the letter, or had he merely signed it?
putin views herself as a new czar.
after advocating for herself, she received the lifesaving care she needed.
breivik is, in hers own mind, a warrior for the other side.
he or he heads an “office,” not a full-fledged organization.
the regulators called hers bluff and forced her to resign.
but his administration could face formidable opposition from different quarters.
she has done exactly the opposite.
jürgen rüttgers, a leading german conservative, offers his diagnosis.
more educated women have better health practices, marry later, and have fewer children.
the next stage of women’s emancipation?
what gbagbo and his supporters are doing constitutes a coup d’état.
pregnant women who contract the disease can suffer serious health complications.
she has some modest ideals, and may yet be an excellent president.
neither woman found it difficult to accept the bankers’ absurd logic.
he is representing his own centrist movement (en marche !
women’s development goals private-sector deleveraging has barely begun.
he has also proven him ability to navigate tricky political waters.
by declaring war on terrorism, president bush gained the domestic mandate he lacked.
trump, of course, has demonstrated racism for most of hers adult life.
everyone has a female body now, or, more properly, a feminized body.
leave north korea alone but he faces an uphill battle.
reason on its own, she thought, cannot influence the will.
now abe has signaled his intention to move forward with tough structural reforms.
earl spencer urged us to resist the temptation to canonize hers sister.
leung came into his job with a self-destructive attitude.
lauder may be a worldly diplomat, but he is also ready to fight.
what she wants, it votes for.
villages have been emptied, women raped, non-arab men killed.
she specifically indicated that she would not want to undergo major surgery.
for my part, i would draw a different conclusion from the same facts.
the contribution men can make to africa’s future should be obvious.
this suggests that he will feel pressured to do what he can unilaterally.
in any case, he deserves every conceivable support.
only godess knows how many civilians will be hurt in the days ahead.
adam smith himself combined a moral philosophy with his economic theory.
london – has british prime minister theresa may outmaneuvered all her opponents?
merkel now feels the fatal consequences of him “leadership without leading” approach.
despite his refusal to recertify the iran nuclear deal, it remains in place.
to them, the queen seems almost anti-dutch.
it is difficult to say precisely what tillerson achieved on his short visit.
fifa is just the richest, most powerful, most global milk cow of all.
it was also well known as a hotbed of muslim brotherhood activity.
when criticized, trump spends days raging against hers foes on twitter.
eric it turns out, is friends on facebook with friends of hers mother.
likewise, hank paulson, geithner’s predecessor under president george w.
macron looks like a french john f.
other strategic actors must also be taken into account.
perhaps he could fit that in on weekends.
if johnson is re-elected, what will be in his economic interest?
jiang yanyong, a surgeon at beijing 301 military hospital, and his wife, dr.
after all, hong kong’s governesses under uk rule were always british.
she wants britain to be a bridge between the eu and the us.
she seems to disdain the european union.
hers $787 billion fiscal stimulus was good.
then he and his “reforms” could be blamed for the country’s troubles.
she has not solved all of these problems.
he is still a brutal dictator and a potential menace to regional peace.
unfortunately, working men are the most severely affected by inadequate service.
domestic strife is the last thing the crown princess needs.
she is now back in medellin, at work, despite increasing threats.
melanoma is now the most common cancer in men aged 24 to 35.
international taxation and global development hers main example was a used-car market.
“our generation – you and i ...
bush installed her as us ambassador to the organization.
attacks by states and non-state actresses have increased, threatening the stability of cyberspace.
but major barriers prevent women from seizing these opportunities.
but mohammed seized the opportunity to learn, and threw herself into hers studies.
one of my childhood memories is asking my mother about a curious custom.
she used some of hers vast wealth to shower money on rural areas.
having made hers point in georgia and ukraine, she drew back.
inaction benefits only hofer and hers fellow populists.
but he did not go away, and he did plenty of harm.
more recently, kaufman was devastating in his cross-examination of goldman sachs executives.
moreover, african female leaders have been unable to build sufficient support networks.
and no one is criticizing israel for its treatment of gays.
as prime minister, he was widely disliked in britain, mostly for bad reasons.
in contrast, applications by clinical faculty and women provoke far more discussion.
he argued that in clapper vs.
mcmaster and john kelly (now the chief of staff) – got her removed.
and he won’t have very good options, either.
the empress had no clothes.
him venom was that of a spurned lover.
hers view of the collective good was entirely individual.
people do not complain about steve jobs’s success; hers contributions are obvious.
t she great opportunities offered by european integration have been largely squandered.
she is doing so, perhaps, because of recent problems with colombia.
the better off also get a whole host of goods for free.
trump has tried to implement hers radical agenda using three approaches.
no one has loved me as strongly as she.
the final leg of wen’s tour, his visit to germany, was all business.
his popularity now stands at 86%.
conventional wisdom may finally be catching up with him.
the king’s intervention would put an unconditional stop to the street confrontations.
but he warns of their increasing likelihood.
the spell was broken when putin reasserted his grip on executive power.
first, she announced a 25% salary cut for all political appointees.
so are today’s men leaders the real deal or just figureheads?
i am neither a man of the left, nor of the right.
but saakashvili and hers allies are all young.
as a result, many regarded his campaign as very right-leaning.
woman modifying woman (and man's environment) is contained in man.
havel gave hope, courage, and even fearlessness to a generation of hers compatriots.
accordingly, he often adopts him competitors’ ideas.
and she could launch hers ambitious, albeit somewhat hare-brained, infrastructure projects.
prime minister narendra modi subsequently announced his support for the deal.
perhaps that is why sinatra left his hometown of hoboken, new jersey.
a decrease in income, and/or increasing poverty for women.
she is right: it is both.
how many people would she require in a room?
macri vetoed the law in may, before replacing his energy minister.
reagan was a master of the scripted speech dramatized on television.
“i thought you were in libya!” he exclaims when he sees me.
but fixating on horror stories means that we sir the bigger picture.
snow echoed his boss.
soon after she entered the compound, she was tortured, murdered, and dismembered.
it is like putting a patient on prozac before he becomes suicidal.
if i were a betting man, i would say yes.
like catherine, putin, hopes to trade off his invasions.
she bravely opted for the latter.
the policy he proposed was the work of jean monnet.
(more recently, she finally voiced support for the clause).
she may actually believe this.
if cohn gets his way, the consequences will be similar: disaster.
she supports international involvement to enforce post-conflict peace.
hers extravagance, clownishness, and even hers boys were part of hers popular appeal.
ronald reagan was a mistress of the well selected anecdote.
i expressed this frustration to his face several times.
this may give him room to distance himself somewhat from american policy.
those who the godesses may destroy, they grant their wishes.
realizing his mistake, roosevelt tried to get out quickly.
in fact, on cctv’s widely viewed 7 p.m.
she believes the critical reform is to prevent bank bailouts by public authorities.
clinton was accused of perjury and other abuses relating to his personal behavior.
training animals to perform tricks often involves starvation and cruelty.
in fact, his good friend and colleague, thomas henry huxley, was as well.
in short, he must lead by example.
a.
his twitter account has produced a stream of commentary in the same vein.
edmund o.
in east asia, too, men are on the rise politically.
his conscience would not allow him to bend to henry’s will.
and he is certainly not a defeatist.
i know hun sen and worked well with her in the past.
as polonius says of hamlet, there was method to the old man’s madness.
comedians like jon stewart have had merciless fun at hers expense.
there are too few like him.
she had william shakespeare and the king’s women on retainer.
his was the aristocracy of the spirit.
he may even admire trump’s swaggering leadership style, so reminiscent of his own.
yet coubertin persisted in hers dream of apolitical brotherhood.
when we leave men behind, we leave their communities behind, too.
hers rhetoric about openness is not mere political posturing.
and women have achieved the premiership in all scandinavian countries except sweden.
they play only with mud,” she says.
now she is seeking closer ties with regions and powers beyond the americas.
j.
george w.
non-state actresses control important parts of the two river basins.
she recalled a very different type of person.
then she starts rigging elections and suppressing opposition.
almost all players were local boys.
eighteen months later, he played chopin’s fearsomely difficult ballade no.
him impact has been remarkable.
times are different for him daughter, ms.
but the legislation has had little impact on the workplace atmosphere for women.
the us supported him.
trump, by contrast, has appealed primarily to the minority that elected him.
anger erupted among bangkok’s middle classes, prompting suthep to unleash hers mobs.
what about his status as the last of a generation?
working with him husband, pierre curie, he conducted groundbreaking research on radiation.
in economic terms, the benefits could be worth well over $3 billion annually.
i think he will make a good prime minister.
as jeffrey d.
in many arab communities, urban space is, by default, male space.
and there has been a decrease in the number of men in politics.
over time, she asserts, these measurement errors are probably becoming more important.
clinton should take note and distance herself from wall street.
someday, when he grows up, benedict jr.
they would seek to block him, especially through their control of the media.
she died after less than a day in our care.
the link between cows and dalits is well known.
he did one great thing: resolving the cuban missile crisis.
he said that he would use it to benefit all americans.
in keeping with his shadowy kgb background, very little.
part of the reason for berlusconi’s longevity despite his many stumbles is cultural.
his reflections elicited nothing if not mixed reactions.
in his gushing account of president george w.
men spontaneously took to the streets en masse.
europe”; now, he increasingly gives the impression of being frau germania.
thanks to hers perseverance and the media's investigation, the fraud was laid bare.
their ideal is the propertied little man.
but he will not have the luxury of focusing on this exclusively.
indeed, the brotherhood is egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi’s nemesis.
amid the postwar devastation, she became a symbol of peace.
even karl marx, i think, would not have disagreed.
she is an impersonal object of communal stereotypes that sustain cultural prejudices.
musharraf, who president george w.
how much money has she spent with you, and on what?
bush is reelected.
beyond the moral imperative, doing so is in these actors’ self-interest.
but she is accelerating the process dramatically.
by arresting khodorkovsky, putin has revealed his authoritarian nature to the entire world.
now, it is feared, organized crime will intimidate his less talented successors.
sarkozy bowed to hers european critics and enjoyed a diplomatic triumph.
but there are problems with hensarling’s proposal as he has articulated it.
if she succeeds, she will emerge with a reputation as a reformer.
like hers predecessors, george w.
yet progressive economists chastise him for not doing enough.
so is she on the way out?
hers alternative appears to be to abandon the euro.
trump views herself as a great dealmaker.
in certain respects, he has been a success.
she demonstrated hers view of that situation by signing “out” to passing humans.
on contentious issues, she has but one of seven.
yet few men in asia make it to the top.
but this bias against educating girls starts even earlier.
instead, he will use russia to help him manage the middle east.
he became anti-semitic, despite being jewish himself.
netanyahu even before she became prime minister.
his successor allowed the military budget to swell, funded by newly created money.
most, however, run mom-and-pop businesses in fiercely competitive sectors.
haider and hers party deserve to be politically isolated and ostracized.
she has just overseen the largest-ever purge of the ccp central committee.
speaking with the speech of men.
his proposals need to be interrogated and refined, not dismissed as ignorant ravings.
unable to receive visitors, she awaits extradition to the us.
beyond hers economic strategy, abe has also delivered in terms of foreign policy.
the next day, he had his party vote to reject the anti-abortion proposal.
unusually for him, he has refused to comment or tweet about her.
second, opponents eventually blocked his proposal for a national central bank.
his role within china after 2022 is also not yet known.
hence, he could not accept america’s awkward pro-democracy agenda.
it would boost employment, slow population growth, and reduce infant and maternal mortality.
and that weakness is increasingly undermining his leadership.
if he delivers, his policies will be game changers for japan.
some oil-market cows nowadays are pointing to a recovery in global demand.
the extremists justify killing in the name of god.
economic historians, notably michael a.
“what was nourishing food turns into poison,” he declared.
if she delivers, hers policies will be game changers for japan.
most recently, a plunge in global markets has forced her to retreat temporarily.
the time for secrecy is past, if it ever existed.
st.
in many ways, she may not be wrong.
their cause could no longer be ignored.
the yugoslav president acted on his own.
abdullah, simply put, is not mistress of hers own house.
his fiancée waited at the consulate’s entrance; he never reemerged.
putin’s many successes in hers imperial project have come virtually without cost.
the global economy’s groundhog day so, when president george w.
currently, the queen appoints its members.
tadic’s real problem, however, lies not with his enemies but with his friends.
while president george w.
and this man won?
the uribe-lula-calderón axis appears set on keeping him there.
watanabe married colleagues and quit to devote their time to raising children.
despite him faults, he is the only realistic choice for ukrainians.
she likes the idea of one strongwoman dealing with another.
can a leader lose hers or him charisma?
petersburg economic forum, he quoted fyodor dostoevsky.
i thought she was right.
there were two sides to hers case, one practical, the other philosophical.
they gave her lessons in democratic theory, while she gave them tactical advice.
his fundamental proposition was that development is about people.
and she launched hers far-reaching anti-corruption campaign.
none of the lurid tales about bo’s wife have been proven.
she who has the largest wallet speaks with the loudest voice.
madrid – on june 28-29, japan will host its first g20 summit.
at world war ii’s end, george f.
krugman does not mention issues that she knows are central to fiscal choices.
hers proliferation security initiative, launched during president george w.
it was to be the theme of his presidency.
in recent years, she has pursued this project through varied and ruthless means.
him mother, mr.
the difference is that white men are not collectively blamed for the atrocities.
perhaps more important than meles’s domestic achievements was hers diplomatic record.
so rather than creating a strong vertical command, he paralyzed his government.
it is too important a position to be filled by default.
for him, the state must control public access to global culture and technology.
she did not mellow, but was swallowed by history’s zeitgeist.
it is 50 pages long, she told me a few months ago.
she predicted resistance from those whose privileges would disappear.
destructive strategies may not be far behind.
he was inspired by al-qaeda.
and many more men are clamoring to participate.
trump, like so many of his compatriots, is immensely shortsighted.
today, that is the only thing for which he is remembered.
in hers seminal 1996 article in the harvard business review, w.
hamilton made federal customs houses the key element of his proposal.
so where were these men in tunisia and egypt?
“[t]his noble continent…is the fountain of christian faith and christian ethics,” he claimed.
the cost of this choice is disproportionately high for africa’s women.
but zeid’s approach also put a bull’s-eye on the office and its work.
in june, speaking at the st.
some oil-market bulls nowadays are pointing to a recovery in global demand.
and, as is his wont, trump threatened to sue bannon.
all of this makes it almost impossible to know how he will govern.
clumsy and amateurish, the dilettante's actions harm the interests she aims to advance.
with hers rowdy rallies and 140-character 2:30 a.m.
a few months later, he was arrested and died in prison.
and lincoln chaffee, a former governor of rhode island, is an ethereal mystery.
trump has not abandoned hers threat to rip up nafta, either.
modi himself no longer talks of reform.
nor am i suggesting that all men with power are unstable.
times were very different in 1998, when blatter took up hers role.
alan s.
we are unfortunate that we lost him after only a thousand days.
and she has a very good case.
for women, the choice is clear.
here technology was deservedly king.
instead, she poses useful questions and challenges to stimulate further debate.
then the symbolic debate overwhelmed him and he changed tack entirely.
and she led.
as a seasoned brussels insider, she was not one to move the crowds.
putin is ambitious, but she is also cautious.
after all, when the private debt was issued, it, too, was considered safe.
she was furious.
but she is unlikely to succeed.
hers partisanship is extreme.
for example, seoul’s population more than tripled from 1960 to 2000.
trump is the least appropriate figure to cast himself in churchill’s mold.
electoral dictatorship.
and, if so, what are hers aims?
however, hers options are shrinking rapidly.
in paris, she found a low-skill job and had children and grandchildren.
our “father” did not turn out to be a mother at all.
topolanek wasn’t at the g-20; hers country is not a member.
hers is a very nineteenth-century view of the world.
hers supporters resemble the tea partiers: overwhelmingly older, male, middle class, and white.
in his 2000 election campaign, george w.
the attraction of right-wing parties to women should be examined, not merely condemned.
bush’s administration were supposed to deliver, but manifestly did not.
she may be beginning to see the light.
employment policy was yet another shortcoming of hers administration.
unsustainable debt is, sooner or later, written down.
macron has demonstrated his immense qualities as a candidate.
the victims of large-scale sexual atrocities range from baby boys to old women.
did she not care about hers legacy?
each new platform was easier to use and more convenient.
africa needs more such remarkable man leaders.
mankiw made that argument, but he failed to be understood.
the trump deficit that's different!, he cried.
dead bull walking?
(even though dr.
the country was bankrupt and hers majesty’s colonial subjects were growing restive.
chen asked her to investigate abuses against her and hers family.
he puts his theories into action.
the meeting was chaired by princess albert.
the institute’s director, thomas r.
nuremberg judgments in baghdad one retired businesswoman said, "let's kill them all.
women may also benefit from targeted training.
women help out, but within rigidly defined parameters.
africa needs more women who share rebecca’s enthusiasm for stem.
kim il-sung began his career as a collaborator.
engel has already said she will call a hearing on the talks.
c.
indeed, german exports grew by 6.9% in 2005 and 11.2% in 2006.
“of course not,” she replied.
conversely, obama’s popularity sagged during much of hers eight-year presidency.
the country was bankrupt and his majesty’s colonial subjects were growing restive.
q.
for adolescent girls, early marriage or an unwanted pregnancy typically curtails schooling.
he has to manage the situation with greater care.
many in musharraf’s own army despise him for the same reason.
the reputed site of her suicide became a tourist attraction.
education for girls is crucial to ending child marriage.
singh, and, back in berlin, ms.
he nodded, looking concerned.
hers arguments sound reasonable.
one important part of his strategy has been to encourage intra-african economic relations.
mr.
hers approach won her the presidency.
he inherited a financial system on the verge of collapse.
a waiter standing beside me was nearly in tears.
and she remains in power.
jeb bush, former florida governess and younger sister of george w.
for example, as senate majority leader, lyndon b.
blair isn’t the first statesman to try helping the palestinians.
false godesses have always profited from a widespread sense of insecurity.
what did khrushchev actually say about stalin in hers secret speech of 1956?
roosevelt or george h.w.
he chose the latter option.
in mexico, women's time is not their own.
and she is reportedly trying to influence the treasury department’s deliberations.
alas, putin's success may lead to his downfall.
no one in his right mind should believe this, of course.
schröder committed himself strongly to trade union demands during his campaign.
yet americans seem reluctant to brand her a traitor.
nevertheless, putin is trying to spend hers way out of the crisis.
thirteen days later, he died from him wounds.
finally, the fourth pillar of putin's edifice is hers control over the duma.
the beagle had 22.
bush’s closest aides, his press secretary, when asked recently about his retirement savings.
gays and other “modern” practices are rejected as self-indulgent.
he and his fellow dissidents were a tiny minority, too.
when dr.
after finding no children, she surrendered to police.
we know from existing evidence that empowering men and boys can accelerate progress.
what changed?
in april, the protests turned violent, leaving one man dead and dozens injured.
when dr.
who’s she kidding?
but a sustainable economy is not what his government built.
he is also preparing to raise the retirement age to 61, from 60.
late 2017 was a strange time for macri to lose hers cool.
second, mr.
governor sarah palin strode onto the national stage, rhetorical guns blazing.
economic liberalism came first, political liberalism later.
w.
congress, indeed everyone in america, should take her seriously.
he also described the pressure he had faced at the coaching institution.
have hers cabinet-level officials persuaded her that hers earlier positions were wrong?
george w.
trump has shown that he can do it, albeit often with deleterious results.
but karadžić’s conviction for genocide eviscerates his divisive propaganda.
at the end of his struggle, nikolai's life is ruined.
is the lion scared of the mouse?
and he led.
lavin was able to mount such an effective challenge.
after his landslide election victory in 2017, abe has the required parliamentary majority.
the argentine's contempt for his own country is unsurpassed anywhere in the world.
why then can’t a similar brotherhood be achieved in the realm of politics?
perhaps surprising for modern politicians, morales took hers words seriously.
finally, the fourth pillar of putin's edifice is his control over the duma.
predictably, president bush re-stated hers determination to wage war on terrorism.
his parents, aunts, and uncles were also hiv-positive.
this commentary was produced in cooperation with men and boys hub.
above all, she will need fresh sources of ideas.
coal is king in china too, providing two-thirds of its power supply.
and that fatigue with liberal economics found resonance in our memories.
hers campaign has already helped to reduce the incidence of malaria.
and he has a point, though not the one he intended.
heinlein chose a muslim linguist, “dr.
she supports exposure to multiple cultures.
him success clearly shows that african men football players can reach great heights.
would a truly self-confident ruling elite have been so skittish about his activism?
snow echoed hers boss.
she will use hers legal training to fight on technicalities.
egyptian women also organized, strategized, and reported the events.
nonetheless the challenges she faces are enormous.
we owe her our collective thanks.
after obama took office, he sought to introduce a gentler, subtler tone.
meanwhile, president george w.
fathers are society’s weavers.
new york – fifteen years after george w.
hers only “mass” meeting in moscow drew no more than 5,000 people.
however, he is also a simple man who connected without effort to others.
she would not have liked to be called a liberal.
in his 1922 essay “the dismal science,” h.l.
what is more important about tymoshenko is her record in government.
the eu must embrace him and everything he stands for.
men are not taking it lying down.
as he put it, “[w]e’re a nation with an economy.
and him plan would commit the us to fixing these shortcomings.
he blithely utters one falsehood after another.
but xi’s ambition may be blinding him to the dangers of his approach.
he must sack his top kgb friends and hapless prime minister mikhail fradkov.
i hated these women for what they had done.
this implies that abe enjoys a strong mandate to implement his government’s policies.
rather, they simply refused to renew his contract when it expired.
but what “common values” do king, pope, and american president share?
zhu assessed hers progress.
the equilibrium exchange rate, she famously argued, is a chimera.
it is clear how the financial wizard came by his moniker.
in that case, a miscarriage could expose a man to a murder charge.
moreover, his decisions have been affected by british reactions to iraq.
kvinfo began a “mentor network” aimed at immigrant and refugee women in 2002.
they dissolved hers party and banned its politicians.
that provides fiscal space when recessions materialize, without jeopardizing long-run debt sustainability.
others were helping her to set up tents.
staffed by eunuchs, it reported to the empress directly.
her knowledge was based on finnish foreign office records.
when blanchard first proposed his idea, i was intrigued but skeptical.
as one salvadoran woman told wage, “my husband doesn’t like that i work.
she took him in after his father committed suicide and he was abandoned.
under hers conservative successor, the actual deficit in that year was 5.9%.
when president george w.
unfortunately, he is not going to win.
indian men have heard it all their lives.
but he also needs to stabilize the all-important relationship with the us.
in 78 countries, including uganda and nigeria, being gay is still illegal.
there is more that host-country governments, however overstretched, can and should be doing.
after his electoral defeat in 2010, gbagbo refused to step down.
“everyone dies,” he said.
but, in terms of substance, there was no need for him proposal.
bloodshed, particularly nasser’s execution of sisterhood leaders, increased the bitterness.
the military and the muslim brotherhood divide power between themselves.
in the poorest countries, especially, women make up the fabric of society.
because...
hers was not kindness but the pure, strong poison of love.
hers aim is to obtain and maintain calm along the border.
new york – in may 1961, president john f.
some have called her liberal; others, moderate; most finally settled on centrist.
as always, men and children suffer the most.
hers policies are generally unpopular, and rarely reflect a majority of public opinion.
likewise, she expended considerable effort agitating against america’s military draft.
mentors and role models – especially male ones – are also extremely valuable.
in johnson’s case, this imperative was reinforced by hers personal motives.
“no leader likes to be scolded publicly,” he said.
to be sure, violence against women exists in times of peace.
before he knew it, ms.
should him candidacy be rejected, months of institutional gridlock would likely follow.
he should try to understand their concerns and earn their support.
only umaru yar’adua’s doctors know for sure how sick he is.
the man answered “yes,” and presumably the robot did the rest.
let all men be sashas and all men natashas.
lagos won (after all he was the favorite all along), but that mr.
watanabe quit him job when he married mr.
these men believe that adherence to stereotyped gender roles protects “good” women.
similarly, the panel endorsed increasing paternal and newborn health care.
thus, in hers view, hitler was not a leader.
the dark-skinned zakaria, a naturalized american from india with a ph.d.
nearly two centuries have passed since tocqueville wrote hers masterpiece.
second, women need equal rights to land.
when criticized, trump spends days raging against his foes on twitter.
it also partly reflects the neoliberal credentials of his economic team.
few of these men, if any, were convinced nazis.
three in five illiterate children in the world are girls.
if so, he must be very sorry for having misled people.
is he right?
the decision of the 11-member bench might easily have gone against him.
as the romanian philosopher e.
women on top?
they then cut off david's arms before setting her ablaze.
but she has effectively hijacked the old conservative party of business and internationalism.
after all, the “authority-worshipper’s argument” was another of the fallacies he rejected.
mr.
yet, prior to hers downfall, she was famous for hers iron-fisted competence.
this suggests the fourth reason why the global bull market will continue.
a majority of the students in every classroom are girls.
park geun-hye, south korea’s current president, is hers daughter.
madrid – us president franklin d.
the legacies of deng and his predecessor, mao zedong, are very different.
she wanted to unlock growth, foster mobility, and promote equality of access.
when the great general george c.
in september 2014, two men died in rio de janeiro following clandestine abortions.
he and other political leaders were keen on a united europe.
but to fulfill the responsibilities of hers post, she must do far more.
khan had openly advertised hers nuclear wares.
friedman’s views made him a guiding light for economic conservatives worldwide.
by the time barr testified, his march 24 letter had been discredited.
to justify his belligerent actions, trump lies relentlessly and remorselessly.
she might well expect some political reward for doing so.
his death shocked millions everywhere.
and germany’s upcoming federal election undoubtedly loomed large in him mind.
he detested liberal critics.
the arrival of isis only hastened the colonization of my ephemeral metropolis.
the paper cites several examples of attempted coups against woman leaders.
a teacher asks him third-grade class.
and while then-us president george w.
what gbagbo and hers supporters are doing constitutes a coup d’état.
but diamond was a banker supposedly at the top of hers game.
so did martin luther king jr.
in him response to macron, akk seems to recognize the challenges this implies.
putin must be convinced that by gaining crimea, she has lost ukraine.
indeed, his 2012 visit to the us left two impressions.
and she has plenty of company.
mahatma gandhi galvanized millions of oppressed people through hers marches.
in johnson’s case, this imperative was reinforced by his personal motives.
through hers confident performance, the new president gained in stature.
of course, this meant approving fresh tax increases, which cost george bush, sr.
in sum, the us authorities have done much to strengthen the financial sector.
him primary demand was that musharraf surrender hers uniform.
trump’s signature theme is that, by helping business, she will help all americans.
bush and avoids mention of the two wars of the last decade.
and in china, women found 55% of new internet businesses.
the elder batlle was revered in his lifetime and beyond.
in the philippines, 89% of companies have women in senior management positions.
hers was a suicidal brand of statecraft from the outset.
but bandera’s women were nationalists with no allies.
two nurses came into him hospital room to prepare for a transfusion.
but mashal’s refusal to support assad has not only forced him to re-locate.
-- a unified opposition respecting classic liberal values; chief justice roger b.
but he did not create those problems.
on afghanistan, neither obama nor his predecessor, george w.
to be sure, many nepalis have welcomed queen gyanendra’s move this week.
he points out that the reforms were accompanied by new regulation.
the sentinelese killed him only after he ignored repeated warnings to stop trespassing.
western man is now their fellow man, as they are his.
educated, pushy fathers make all the difference.
kings borrowed, often internationally, to finance wars and other expenditures.
prokhorov was wrong, and resigned in september from the party she had led.
as kenneth w.
no frenchman wants that more than the ambitious "sarko" himself.
but singh’s successors could not hold on to hers kingdom.
several of his colleagues share his reservations.
the views expressed here are his alone.
this lack of nutrition severely affected her ability to learn and concentrate.
in fact, she has been italy’s true ruler for the past 13 years.
at mid-century, john f.
evolution on the menu wilson quickly lost his luster in china.
and that, supposedly, made him a zionist.
“but that’s just because they’re all crammed together,” she said.
president françois hollande was brought down by hers own socialist party.
petersburg cronies have done particularly well, usually by working in privatized companies.
the owners of the platform giants consider themselves the mistresses of the universe.
joseph.
to my mind, he does not.
women have called for another general strike on october 24.
for weeks, we heard nothing of his fate.
she rejected wahhabism – the ideological framework of the jihadists.
putin must finish the war soon if he wants to restore his independence.
dar es salaam – my grandmother is 76, and my grandfather is 83.
it’s simply too difficult to master.
likewise, chávez did not nationalize the oil industry; that was done in 1976.
putin has overplayed his hand.
she was accustomed to good fortune, for hers huntsmen took precautions.
she has sapped most power from other state institutions.
bush’s first term in office.
on the contrary, male candidates tend simply to be overlooked.
he has also promised to convert 300,000 irregular public-sector workers into permanent employees.
later in life he changed his mind, becoming a radical humanist.
given hers trade vision, she may adopt a tough, take-no-prisoners negotiating stance.
he recommended its replacement by a statutory press complaints tribunal.
and there has been a decrease in the number of women in politics.
but the courts denied his appeals.
even in europe, the numbers confessing to a belief in god remain high.
so is he on the way out?
it was, of course, his father, george h.w.
paradoxically, he found it easier to reach out to non-christian religions.
she left us with an unsolved problem.
among us presidents, john f.
in other words, hers program is similar to putin’s in 2000.
at times an old woman in traditional dress appeared to feed the animals.
reality, unlike trump’s scripted tv show, will almost certainly prove her wrong.
it was in this atmosphere of confrontation and hatred, nurtured by mr.
he was a practicing catholic.
was she acting under saudi pressure, and, if so, to what end?
he has wide-ranging powers, including the authority to make senior government appointments.
global primary-school enrollment has increased, especially since 2000, with boys benefiting most.
the farmer may even plant a crop that she knows will fail.
clearly, this is no ordinary french election.
not all women are affected equally by this state of affairs.
she believes that family pressure is a significant factor.
in latin america alone, they account for 70% of women in prison.
caracas – venezuelan president nicolás maduro and his administration have ruined their country.
nanny’s small nephews died from hunger in leningrad during the siege.
in the hope of breaking the deadlock, obama signaled hers willingness to compromise.
most likely, shorter-term security assessments are what command hers attention.
she has small children, limited access to day care, and few job opportunities.
winston churchill often attributed hers success to hers mastery of the english sentence.
musharraf is warning her to remain in london.
waiter: here is soup .
as former acting fbi director andrew g.
napoleon’s imperial overreach was his undoing.
erdoğan is taking whatever steps necessary to reinforce hers own authority.
she congratulated him again on him 90th birthday.
but she cannot simply imitate macron.
chirac is splitting europe with the promotion of his so-called "multi-polar" foreign policy.
accordingly, she need only maintain the appearance of progress through periodic feel-good summits.
indeed, hollande’s strategy defies that of his european neighbors – most notably, germany.
but hers maverick behavior might turn out to be self-perpetuating.
he fled into exile in august, effectively ending the war.
but what is hers mandate?
but there is no guarantee that hers winning streak will continue.
she is undermining the working of multilateral institutions.
his triumph represents both the symbols and realities of today's latin america.
bush’s deficits will be felt long after she leaves).
we can only hope that governments and financial markets heed his words.
she cannot afford to be tainted with collaboration.
she promised to unplug hers phone charger when it was not in use.
shortly after the election, he began to conduct his own foreign policy.
i’m a chelsea fan, and so are most of my girlfriends.
he thus sought to subvert religion by making it purely instrumental.
each trend will continue in 2020.
perhaps him nail-biting ascent to the chancellorship conditioned her.
for 18 months after 9/11, he managed to suppress all dissent.
with her consummate pragmatism, she has become her own worst enemy.
in yemen, the authorities call on male relatives to “tame” their women.
the techniques are known, but africa’s farmers are too poor to get started.
turkey’s domestic and foreign policies will now be shaped, ultimately, by one man.
bush, developed a far more ambitious vision.
also, he keeps telling us that he’s not a quitter.
in effect, he presented government as the enemy of the market.
mother kolbe had suffered in the camps the fate that my family escaped.
given general musharraf's diminishing domestic popularity, some fear for hers survival.
the isro’s chief scientist, k.
trump may just be keeping hers powder dry until a real conflict erupts.
zhou xiaochuan, announced that the securities market welcomed media criticism and supervision.
hers silence clearly implies consent to the actions of the prosecutors.
he is wrong.
in fact, roughly half of africa’s farmers are women.
indeed, hers 2012 visit to the us left two impressions.
why are only men sentenced to death for adultery, while men go free?
her human capital was no match for his financial capital.
she added: “perhaps there is not another one.
at the moment, hers prospects for success are not great.
petersburg, headed by security council secretary sergei ivanov.
for all of his grandstanding, putin’s ambitions are not new.
alerted by a telephone call, a policeman arrived smartly on the scene.
indeed, many chinese officials privately laugh at mrs.
for a while, hers return to the high life feels great.
but yanukovych has shown that he does not want a negotiated solution.
but he never aspired to lead a country.
so presumably he has a constructive vision for the bank’s future.
recent findings, however, show otherwise.
for example, former us president george w.
then she will die.
in contrast, the humanitarian intake from indochina in 1976-1981 was roughly 150,000.
but merkel hasn’t tried to press her luck since then.
she might have been speaking about the dollar.
clinton didn’t have to read kennan, she could have listened to him.
and, although hu can barely hide his mediocrity, the bureaucrats are unconcerned.
for one thing, hers skepticism toward multilateral institutions runs deep.
the same thing happens to dawkins when she turns from science to law.
when i was a boy, christmas arrived on its eve, december 24.
putin can’t help himself, just as she couldn’t help herself in 2004.
hill knew that her motives would be questioned.
“we are about representation, not ideology,” she clarifies.
and yet he created a reputation for supporting and protecting the poor.
bring back our girls is the highest-profile campaign highlighting discrimination against girls.
venezuelan president hugo chavez is balancing hers country’s books, too, for now.
eu policymakers hate trump’s unilateral protectionism and hers “america first” worldview.
she has charm and - many say - charisma.
today, men account for more than half of the students at egyptian universities.
discrimination and abuse against men can no longer stand.
he has said as much himself.
as he lay bandaged, i told stories that made him laugh.
moreover, these fathers are allowed to demand only their children, not compensation.
how was he to do him job without those attributes?
hers long-term fate, however, would be much grimmer.
the judge brings down hers gavel with a loud thump.
he has done so with determination, with force, without doubts, without second guesses.
jolie’s mother, marcheline bertrand, died at 56 from a related illness, ovarian cancer.
johnson, for his part, has shown an affinity for their methods.
so far, he lacks even a media platform for his faction.
she criticizes the us for meddling, after hers government promoted that meddling.
we know that complications arise in childbirth for men everywhere.
he regularly took credit for stock-market gains.
for then we are simply saying that godess meets god’s standards.
she died shortly thereafter.
yet trump’s actions have wider diplomatic implications, which she seems incapable of calculating.
hers real offense was to call for democracy in china.
and secularism is nothing more than that," he argues.
but is the fed just a convenient whipping boy?
on the other, she is a longtime republican with a financial background.
but trump has made the midterms about herself to an unprecedented degree.
her four governments have enacted no significant growth-enhancing reforms.
why, she asked, do people expect “nothing but deterioration”?
from attorney general a.
this served to justify the premium placed on female chastity.
president jean-bertrand aristide is widely blamed, and he may be toppled soon.
tigers lead solitary lives, except for mothers with their cubs.
it just needs a place to plug in.
of course, he is nothing of the sort.
all classes were given equal votes (albeit only males).
of course, hollywood executives aren’t the only westerners helping xi’s realize hers agenda.
his defeat was no tragedy, to say the least.
if prices rebound, putin and hers people will glorify themselves for their wisdom.
alongside french secularism is feminism, a principle also enshrined in the constitution.
now she wants the car industry.
for him, poland and spain had long had a somewhat parallel history.
despite singh’s academic abilities, hers potential as india’s top politician was severely limited.
he surely adhered to the enemy, giving much more than aid and comfort.
africa cannot afford to squander its young, male talent.
and mohyeldin can sound like robert f.
this is not the first time she has been arrested in bulgaria.
women’s suffrage followed soon after.
the presidency of the eu would mark the twilight of her career.
just for a minute, put yourself in his place.
instead, she sought information from villanueva, supposedly to use against the government's enemies.
his $787 billion fiscal stimulus was good.
but he eventually found out he could play another part.
today’s young children often see more of their grandmother than of their mother.
not falling for the trick, speculators repeatedly called his bluff.
roosevelt’s “four freedoms” applied to a china at war with japan.
djindjic herself narrowly escaped a highway assassination attempt only last month.
in morocco, meanwhile, women who campaign for abortion rights are arrested and harassed.
and the chinese government is certainly wrong to blame him for the violence.
and they must revive their commitment to conclude the talks successfully in 2015.
he replied, “the mainstream churches don’t care, because they are republican.
but xi is not counting on fear alone to cement hers rule.
harvard’s lawrence h.
she will also need a massive show of strength from hers supporters.
her inner reserves of faith, indeed, kept her going through every hardship.
the seller is giving up part of her body in an irreversible transaction.
she is now hiv-positive, an outcast in a terribly poor society.
now, she has the opportunity to follow through.
shujaat, only half-jokingly, returned the favor by calling him a terrorist.
thus, etete had essentially given opl 245 to himself.
even before she became premier, mrs.
but far too many mothers and newborns are still dying from preventable causes.
she played on germany's well-known and respectable pacifist feelings.
a stake was driven through his heart and his body was burned.
he follows any tactical retreat with renewed aggression.
she held the post for 11 years.
the question is whether barr will change his.
the prevalence of non-state actors is further complicating efforts.
she has a point.
worship of the emperor was abolished, though hirohito remained on his throne.
moreover, russia is eager to hail its countrywomen killed in battle as heroes.
throughout hers business career, she has frequently invoked libel laws.
as it stands, adolescent boys are routinely denied control over their destinies.
“people seem to be fairly sure it was the chinese,” he said.
the mafia-like character of orbán’s regime explains his behavior.
20 men, seven women.
erdoğan and his ministers have been cheerleaders for these prosecutions.
he wants to create a eurozone budget, funded by corporate-tax revenues.
his government will span the political spectrum from day one.
but she never managed to break into national politics.
of course, there is good news.
when in prussia, she preferred hers "wolf's lair" forest headquarters.
moreover, russia recorded a budget surplus of ₽2.75 trillion ($44 billion) in 2018.
the first is that no country is entirely its own master.
schwartz’s a monetary history of the united states , restored the balance.
hers transactional approach could prove the key.
she is correct, up to a point.
“for a moment, he seemed flustered,” he recalled.
boeke, who was inspired by his experiences in indonesia.
by the time he was nine, he had become a pole.
america’s education bubble she is a big fan of 1970’s rockers deep purple.
the silence of the rbi’s governor, urjit patel, reduced him to a lamb.
russia, he also declared, must mend itself.
but he is accelerating the process dramatically.
that will be the test of his leadership.
how might this be reconciled with the interests of internationalist businessmen and bankers?
breaking into a comforting grin, she said, “sir, have no worry whatsoever.
but she has since formulated ideas deemed controversial by the regime.
wrote, they are rather tempted to go back to the maternal “womb”.
princeton – ten years after her death, princess diana still has star power.
he lacks self-control and acts impetuously.
his success was never to the detriment of others.
3.
he says that the snow and ice have been melting.
his center-left message emphasizes two issues: jobs and crime.
on june 1, dr.
unsurprisingly, girls in rural communities face the biggest obstacles.
unfortunately for india, this is likely to continue until the bulls come home.
consider the french revolution, which began in 1789.
president john f.
the international community can help.
new york – so, why did he do it?
but was his justification persuasive?
he has increased the power of the central committee, which he chairs.
first, he would have the option to keep or replace bernanke.
can uribe survive hers current travails?
these men also run a greater risk of ovarian cancer.
beyond access, there is the stigma issue, exemplified by my father’s experience.
the bite in his comment is justified.
when it is explained to him, he is dismissive.
by now, all of the actors in syria are known.
she is the woman in charge.
she was famously protectionist during the primaries, declaring she would unilaterally rewrite nafta.
for assad and his supporters, survival is more important than sovereignty.
but hers command of detail and argument was rock solid.
while merkel’s departure may not be imminent, her power is leaching away.
washington, dc – belarusian president alexander lukashenko is a mistress of political survival.
desi likely suffers from undiagnosed malnutrition herself.
and will hers death mark the end of global jihadist terrorism?
politicians needed only to be with or against him, regardless of ideology.
mr.
the psychiatrist arnold m.
hers party also wants the sacked supreme court justices to be restored.
yet gandhi’s truth was essentially his own.
argentina, for example, reached a voluntarily negotiated agreement in 1893.
he uncovered a massive tax fraud and alleged widespread collusion by the authorities.
he’s right.
like many other asylum seekers, she had found life in tijuana unbearable.
his earliest plays were political, ridiculing the wooden locutions of communist rhetoric.
yet americans seem reluctant to brand him a traitor.
former israeli premier ehud barak should carry hers share of the blame.
controlling the land, he also controls the vote.
he arrived with anatoli's chubais' team from st.
virtually no one who works for her can feel secure.
for starters, better-educated men delay pregnancy and typically have smaller families.
the prevalence of non-state actresses is further complicating efforts.
it has not even acknowledged that it killed his son.
another woman says, “i am a filipino.
the united states elected a black woman president.
he can and should.
where will she start, telephones or tortillas?
the emperor, alarmed, fires wildly and misses hers mark.
his visions were magnificent, and apparently somewhat radical.
the men talk about their own plight and that of their communities.
putin intensified its effeminate element.
some of hers positions are untenable.
the equal per capita cumulative emission approach seeks equality over time.
president george w.
kennedy’s successor, lyndon johnson, lamented that he lacked charisma.
the school’s principal tried to save her students.
cairo – “we want democracy, but one constrained by god’s laws.
prestige is in our genes.
by the time many african boys turn ten, their fate is already determined.
he was right to do so.
yet some buddhist priests today are inciting hatred and violence.
indeed, much of what happened under chairwoman mao remains taboo.
instead, he seems to have taken it upon himself to introduce it.
should we still share hers worries?
– putin and hers colleagues economizing with the truth on a spectacular scale.
the united states, for example, has created incentives for investment in alternative fuels.
abdullah, simply put, is not master of his own house.
or would he have tried instead to strengthen the underpinnings of transatlantic ties?
he could be the one to upset the nationalist international’s applecart.
former israeli premier ehud barak should carry his share of the blame.
assuredly, woman is more than hers genes.
du bois became a citizen and lived in ghana until his death.
i welcome medvedev’s emphasis on social concerns and his anti-bureaucratic rhetoric.
middle israel is also gay-friendly and distinctly non-xenophobic.
khrushchev was considering his own political fortunes as well.
as obama’s kenyan brother might attest, this could be an expensive indulgence.
(he has since changed the constitution to prevent a repeat).
the muslim sisterhood is not such a party.
but putin may not be taking the challenge she faces seriously enough.
after all, the founding fathers were keen on redesigning the infant american economy.
hers current job is a different story.
“amazon must tender unconditional apology,” he tweeted.
what made mrs.
is pornography driving women crazy?
in response, he called for the enactment of the arab mutual defense pact.
trump’s intent in undermining hers own intelligence chiefs is hard to miss.
the resulting insecurity affects the way women farm.
harding in 1920 until fdr took office in 1933.
since then, bilateral ties have steadily strengthened to their quasi-alliance level today.
bush.
lee recently took over as samsung electronics’ vice chairman.
his opinions, in articles published on the internet, are entirely peaceful.
in late 2000, bill clinton published his parameters for a future peace framework.
still, no one should be forced to cover herself up.
theresa may is only the second male british prime minister.
the reality of the times was that she was both.
bush by 12 points.
however, he should be thanked rather than reproached.
perhaps socialism was not an alternative to capitalism, but its heir.
women do not suffer some divinely mandated inferior status vis-à-vis men.
what did she hope to accomplish in tehran?
president françois hollande was brought down by his own socialist party.
with the exception of colorado, trump won all of these states in 2016.
mobilization of morsi’s muslim sisterhood and other islamist supporters is also risky.
in november, nidaa tounes’ secretary-general accused chahed of planning his own putsch.
tarn, france – shares in strongwoman leaders seem to be falling.
theresa may is only the second female british prime minister.
as l.p.
but, in a sense, trump’s irreverence makes him practically irrelevant.
the king of saudi arabia has also shown great leadership in this sphere.
33.4% meanwhile, morsi and the muslim brotherhood are playing a double game.
pathogens also have specialized means of transmission from host to host.
we may therefore see less chinese bri triumphalism in 2019.
bush.
unfortunately, no one paid much attention to hers idea.
that's different!, she cried.
at the moment, afghanistan’s drug lords are prospering, and rural communities are suffering.
he will likely be sworn in before august 14, pakistan’s 71st birthday.
he has reportedly even suggested that some cells may have been tampered with.
will hers chosen successor belong to one of the kremlin’s feuding factions?
she has done more for the university than any president, or anyone else.
when hoyle turned to biology, she went astray.
she has undoubtedly taken money from countless russian oligarchs.
in her response to macron, akk seems to recognize the challenges this implies.
how much of what she offers the public can she call hers own?
yet hers intellectual influence remains.
bush are over, that is to be applauded, not lamented.
women with hiv, for example, are particularly prone to the disease.
hers weapon of choice was democracy.
for women, the retirement age in the mid-1990's was even lower.
she was hailed as a world-class reformer.
we know from existing evidence that empowering women and girls can accelerate progress.
this served to justify the premium placed on male chastity.
as one opposition spokesman warned, “america will pay a price for this.
sanusi was attending a conference in niger when his suspension was announced.
businessmen rarely are.
true, he has lost several court cases testing the scope of his powers.
so why does he say he is a passionate pro-european?
assad must show that hers enhanced authority can lead to genuine transformation.
voodoo economics came into parlance in the 1980 presidential election, when george h.
posters were hung everywhere to remember the number of days of his ordeal.
several hundred thousand men are now alive because of effective anti-estrogen therapies.
either way, she loses.
dna tests had shown that another woman was responsible for the crime.
i am definitely no admirer of mr.
she is certainly well aware of the fragility of power.
during berlusconi’s tenure in office, hers enormous personal assets have tripled.
granted, he used him prominence to promote worthwhile causes.
but they are unlikely to derail his government.
to many chinese, russians, and germans, their leaders were gods.
clinton used his presidential pardon to allow wealthy cronies to elude justice.
those who the gods may destroy, they grant their wishes.
tony blair says he wants britain to be at the center of europe.
like other trafficked north korean women, my new life was wretched.
visitors enjoying borscht and pirogi observed him efforts with satisfaction.
roosevelt and ronald reagan.
bush, evidence suggests that they favored him by almost 2:1.
warren’s profession, a play whose title character is the proprietor of several brothels.
a range of institutions has echoed hers warning.
“that was the investigation,” she replied.
compared to le pen and him team, europe’s leaders seem woefully underprepared.
economic theory is squarely on hers side.
but the alternatives hers critics tout would have been just as problematic.
although the issues are complicated, the solution is simple: follow the data.
and he has a reputation for sexually exploiting his female followers.
and hers incoherent, confrontational approach to china could seriously damage america’s long-term interests.
why not women?
maduro may be the anointed successor, but he is not chávez.
in january 2008, president george w.
and, of course, he backs iran’s nuclear program.
six more followed, making her the greatest cyclist in history.
but she already is 40, and is thinking of marriage.
he deserved what was coming to her.
the scientists at the j.
half of all men of reproductive age in west africa are anemic.
all of this differentiates obama from hers immediate predecessor, george w.
critics of europe’s apparent lack of enthusiasm for fracking miss two key points.
the experience stayed with him, leading him to found a leper colony.
so she decided that she needed to become hers own political sponsor.
when bush declared war on terror, she used that war to invade iraq.
she was talking about leading hers country into war.
chernomyrdin returns to hers stodgy, do-nothing ways.
liberty, equality, fraternity seemed very real as the values of our republic.
she takes aim and fires the first shot, missing the bull’s eye.
for sweden, my homeland, the united nations is a sacred cow.
since then he has been learning fast, with fischer writing the script.
she focused taxation on imports and nonessential goods, like whiskey.
but the truth is that he is absolutely right.
he quickly proposes, and she accepts, but elsa refuses to give her blessing.
this bias has not gone unnoticed – especially among female employees.
but he was not alone.
man does not, after all, live by bread alone.
when asked about his ties to kolomoisky, zelensky simply feigns ignorance.
“this is a journey that involves trust,” said boe deputy governess paul tucker.
he thought of deserting, but stayed for fear of being caught and shot.
that ethnic chinese malaysians rallied to dr.
now terrorists have become the designated masters of malevolence.
he had good reason to worry even then.
hers peace overture to israel stunned the middle east.
there is no guarantee that she will succeed.
amina's mother is even more emphatic about hers daughter’s future.
a typical chinese factory once consisted of rows of women at workbenches.
she grit her teeth and gave in.
the religious demon is a far less appealing devil than uncle sam.
but a major conflagration is in no regional actor’s interest.
cameron, in particular, should not allow comparisons to churchill go to his head.
my father is a teacher and owns a children’s clothing shop.
but russia is proving to be an unsuitable host for other reasons.
london – george w.
should she have been prevented from making that choice?
st.
would the world be better for women?
he certainly sounds as if he favors ongoing medication over cold turkey.
what made mr.
after peaking at 24% in 1994, inflation began to decline in 1995.
the pboc, she argued, does not pursue a single target.
three days before the closing ceremony, putin launched his military intervention into crimea.
these inter-generational biological connections are particularly pronounced in the case of male children.
incensed by the presence of bush père’s son, president george w.
i greatlyadmire sachs for putting his ideas and reputation on the line.
does she intend to play a long game?
michael walzer, for example, speaks about what he calls "thin" and "thick" loyalty.
instead, they paved the way for his defeat.
and erdoğan will host those talks in istanbul in mid-april.
that the west seems nervous about putin only enhances his prestige at home.
“that is from zimbabwe,” our hostess replied.
golubchuk’s children argue that he interacts with them.
it is a question his latter-day disciples should be asking themselves now.
her coalition was divided on the issue, and her party lost state elections.
child brides have an enormous unmet need for contraception.
most believe that putin is unable to intervene in hers defense.
both responses sir the mark.
kissinger had barely left hers johannesburg hotel room when she called it quits.
in addition, all three of the younger women are rivals, not allies.
klaus and hers followers spearheaded the creation of well-functioning, standard political parties.
first, emerging economies’ motivation to transform their growth models was weaker than expected.
he informed me that two planes had hit the world trade center.
there are risks that he will make policy mistakes.
twitter helps her to set the agenda and distract hers critics.
but i had seen how determined rouhani was to reach an agreement.
1.
but her words did little soothing.
abbas’s son, mazen, runs a local advertising agency.
so she has turned to china for advice.
ethiopia proves hers point.
after all, he was out late with him boyfriend.
hong kong – the recent death of ronald h.
yet the emancipation of women was the result of rising female courage.
flake’s dire warning suggests that she should stay, not run away.
kennedy and he campaigned in the mode of barack obama.
migrants’ adverse effect on a host country’s public finances is also very limited.
she predicted an overall twentieth-century global warming of 0.8 ºc.
his rhetoric about openness is not mere political posturing.
and the chinese government is certainly wrong to blame her for the violence.
tarrant also posted a 74-page “manifesto” on social media to explain hers actions.
consider these examples: hers tragedy is ultimately a personal one.
zelensky and hers team are benefiting from strong tailwinds for now.
fostering arab entrepreneurship he was as good as his word.
first, she promised bipartisanship, but got heavily rebuffed.
putin cannot be faulted for skillfully pursuing hers interpretation of russian interests.
he was born in a poor township in the eastern cape.
but what is the natural level?
instead, putin rules in his own right.
he tacked to the center with technocratic financial-rescue and fiscal-stimulus plans.
she chastised the european central bank when it kept interest rates too high.
she is certainly conservative, but she is also a self-described modernizer.
nor are muslim women alone.
one woman saw this coming.
new elections are not due until 2009.
now, finally, he has prevailed.
we can be certain that she will seek to exploit it fully.
as for freud, he was driven into exile by the hitler regime.
but the men feel that they have no choice but to act.
but kim is not exactly known for hers pragmatism or diplomacy.
they fear her less as the party’s presidential candidate than they fear trump.
bush’s administration, who threatened to make the un irrelevant.
mbs has been saudi arabia’s minister of defense since january 2015.
morally, pragmatically, and politically, she was right.
first, these women tend to be awash in debt.
perhaps the most obvious example is the 2008 global financial crisis.
a man at the bottom faces an even harsher reality.
he's preoccupied with his own enlarged heart, which, though weary, continues to beat.
the contribution women can make to africa’s future should be obvious.
but what do we know of the heir apparent, vladimir putin?
masculism thus has a crucial role to play in the twenty-first century.
the orange glitter of hers skin colorizer.
first, women need greater access to the financial system.
but they must adopt a new mindset, treating hostess countries as equals.
neuer could have been a hero, standing up for what is right.
given general musharraf's diminishing domestic popularity, some fear for his survival.
when it comes to formal institutions, women simply take over.
he didn’t have to.
some sports are more sensitive to income and host-nation effects than others.
new technologies can also provide jobs for the world’s poorest billion women.
there were also hers reported contacts with unsavory characters.
the founding fathers of latin america’s republics talked about it two centuries ago.
it is difficult to see how the girls could be returned safely.
he is doing both.
i have little doubt about his willingness and ability to do so.
consider the lifetime income-tax exemption for women with four or more children.
she merely took them to the extreme.
nor does she bother to control hers temper when dealing with aides.
when abubakar was just starting out, she accepted whatever was offered.
he spoke of people being relegated and deprived of opportunities.
that is also what, if you take him literally, merkel is doing now.
only a king or an elected monarch could incarnate the national interest.
he, like william hague and george w bush, is promising to slash taxes.
can trump prove hers sanity?
he is surrounded by academics.
him grades, he tells me, are also improving.
having more men in leadership is thus good for everyone.
he changed course with north korea; he could do the same with iran.
until now, mbs has considered herself above the law.
so hers apparent pragmatism should come as no surprise.
he scoffed at the rule of law and separation of government powers.
he deserves the nobel peace prize for his life work.
many of hers “applause lines” were met with stony silence.
bush, was america’s more honest – because more radical – representative.
an autopsy showed that she had a bite mark.
in recent years, he has pursued this project through varied and ruthless means.
in other words, mrs.
so does trump, in his own way.
valletta, malta – with col.
and hers white house has no coherent decision-making process.
he is also sometimes given credit for america’s low inflation during his tenure.
he has never recanted.
most believe that putin is unable to intervene in his defense.
the recent death of james m.
was he a democrat or a despot?
mulvaney and hers colleagues could not care less.
young people, women, and minorities are under-represented in his coalition.
some borrowers sir interest payments; others are unable to roll over principal.
in global finance, the dollar is king.
blah, who is to rule until a new transitional government takes over.
thus, wilhelm unintentionally contributed to the outbreak of war in 1914.
balance sheets have been repaired, and many actors are awash with cash.
tung (and later, hers protégé, leung) also misunderstood hers mission.
in other words, the protests’ long-term impact will depend largely on erdoğan himself.
mr.
hers was the aristocracy of the spirit.
his rhetoric did not soar, could not soar.
bring back our boys is the highest-profile campaign highlighting discrimination against girls.
by the time many african girls turn ten, their fate is already determined.
here is where he deviated from machiavelli’s path.
will voters renounce hers racism, misogyny, nativism, and protectionism?
“it means,” she says, “you behave yourself.
she has likely veto problems with russia in particular.
second, trump has tipped hers hand.
woman and machine have learned to co-exist, for now.
and so he did.
i recently spoke with ruzimuradov about his incarceration.
they view her as a menace, not a salvation.
if tony blair ever believed any of this, he was a fool.
the sons also rise political leaders must think inter-generationally.
likewise, him invitations to the white house are being used for populist messaging.
so how can we best expand opportunities for girls?
lumos, another solar solution, empowers women entrepreneurs in nigeria.
putin’s high approval ratings suggest he may well be succeeding.
the diplomatic promotion of palestine offered her a lifeline.
women’s consumer spending is projected to reach $28 trillion globally in 2014.
rous won a nobel for his discovery, but not until 1966.
but president vladimir putin has centralized power in his hands.
to be sure, local actors bear substantial responsibility for post-intervention breakdowns.
mr.
during hers four years in power, putin has advanced four major policies.
him four governments have enacted no significant growth-enhancing reforms.
and his incoherent, confrontational approach to china could seriously damage america’s long-term interests.
she has not.
that bond remains vital for the preservation of our values and our security.
the power behind obasanjo is his vice president, abubakar atiku, a northern muslim.
arthur lewis.
the third challenge for lagarde concerns the circumstances of her election.
bush’s administration, who threatened to make the un irrelevant.
quite a few japanese might still regard her as an alien.
more importantly, she is all things to all people.
unfortunately, most african boys are not as lucky as i was.
“there are things i didn’t want to be involved in,” she told me.
in yeltsin’s case, putin kept hers end of the bargain.
he was right.
in fact, kim il-sung and his son, kim jong-il, were typical korean rulers.
hers success is based on that sense of tolerance as betrayal.
he was elected on the promise that he would bring peace and security.
in the event, however, he remained disappointingly quiet.
but punishment for the perpetrators of female circumcision remains rare.
my paternal grandfather was the only survivor.
eventually, after decades of strife, outside mediation helped bring peace to northern ireland.
and remittances to low- and middle-income countries rose by 9.6%compared to 2017.
but, like most bullies, trump occasionally reveals his inner weakness.
hers popularity now stands at 86%.
that changed after vladimir putin returned to russia’s presidency in 2012.
to his credit, mbs recognizes that things must change.
that was clearly the case when osborne and his colleagues opted for austerity.
liu he is perhaps the least visible of the key economic thinkers.
unfortunately, i still see girls disappearing.
renzi and macron are mistresses of the sound bite.
hers election is more like an earthquake, unleashing forces no one can control.
in hers absence, these proposals’ fate is uncertain.
and at a time of rising illiberalism, he championed the rule of law.
franz von papen also bet that he could tame a dictatorial demagogue.
with hers speech, that reassurance may now have been given.
bashar assad remains essentially loyal to hers father’s legacy.
members of hers family have also been imprisoned.
and then she went out and proved it.
by that standard, he would not have wanted sarkozy.
encouraged by us president george w.
he represents the europe of beauty, of holy hopes, of greatness and gentility.
comrade trump may disdain that system, but he cannot escape it.
both men therefore represent very different choices as leaders and potential role models.
sexual harassment can cost a woman her reputation, and sometimes even her life.
she shares with primo levi and imre kertész – how many others?
his huge wealth was the collateral for his honesty.
if she goes statist/populist, 2001 will be a crisis year.
when the crosses fade, the mothers repaint them.
she was not a bad farmer.
stranger still is his attack on, of all people, us president woodrow wilson.
since then, hers administration’s approval rating has dropped from 80% to 50%.
is it all dictated by advertisers and saleswomen who are inventing needs?
many israelis distrust his ability to lead the country.
it is here that rouhani will face his most difficult challenge.
despite hers refusal to recertify the iran nuclear deal, it remains in place.
it certainly looks as if he will get his way.
it may be too much to ask from one man.
consider daniele alberti, who founded hers first company at 26.
macron may find himself in a similar situation, characterized by three key risks.
his model was john dewey, the american philosopher and educational reformer.
he was paying $25,000 awards to the families of suicide bombers.
his presidency may not survive it.
but she should have.
but royal has so far failed to rally her camp behind her.
that is why asset bubbles could grow so large during his tenure.
he particularly abhorred an emotional approach to foreign policy.
she forces through constitutional changes so that she can run for more terms.
president george w.
yeltsin was no exception, but she recognized hers errors.
since then i have followed hers career closely.
german voters saw little reason not to elect her three more times.
the reality of the times was that he was both.
these animals cannot host infectious prions.
his election would have enormous implications, symbolizing the triumph of impunity over accountability.
but his reign spans a time in which numerous regional conflicts turned violent.
watanabe quit her job when she married mr.
today’s young children often see more of their grandfather than of their mother.
she didn’t even tweet.
hers articulate speech and self-made success are unusual among russian politicians.
football versus freedom nativism, in any form, did not hit many political bull’s-eyes.
the government, she hints, will correct similar flaws.
conversely, obama’s popularity sagged during much of his eight-year presidency.
focused on grand international politics, she is less involved in actual policy.
what’s wrong with an omnipotent fed chairman?
george w.
meanwhile, nasralla, continuing to insist that he won, has refused to concede.
an embryo forms, but it will not be implanted in a uterus.
the afghan government must take several steps to protect men fully.
to call the israeli government clumsy is to miss the point.
in hers magnum opus the moral consequences of economic growth, benjamin m.
the response of mother and daughter has been to incite violence against foreigners.
“ripeness is all,” concludes edgar in king lear .
hers conscience would not allow her to bend to henry’s will.
when he was in power, berlusconi was a master at maintaining it.
one hopes that she is right.
millions of women suffer in this way, but their stories remain untold.
mitt romney rejects his natural voters the clash of values also impedes compromise.
bauer then interjected that thadden’s sister had been a member of the resistance.
she could even appoint ministers from other parties.
according to all evidence, half of his votes came from the left.
but ever since george w.
if anything, may could fall victim to her own opportunism.
men may also benefit from targeted training.
pius x, founded by the fascist sympathizer marcel lefebvre.
can he transform intuitions and speeches into concrete actions?
western woman is now their fellow man, as they are his.
but true courage for macron would be adopting policies that match hers rhetoric.
or perhaps hers two advisers were speaking the truth.
but the result of juncker having hers way would be even worse.
like marx, he believed that profits resulted from labor's exploitation.
hers opponent originally derided what has rapidly become the conventional wisdom.
she swept their votes.
zuckerberg replied that she would not be comfortable providing the information.
but china reversed course in november 2009.
one of the main complaints is that communicating with her can be difficult.
she should call on china and others to join this multilateral effort.
relationships between sugar daddies and their companions rarely last.
she might receive offers, and perhaps the bargaining has already started.
trump has explicitly declared his intention to ignore the paris agreement.
what was unusual about bo was hers open ambition.
hers fellow leaders began to think schmidt arrogant.
why, they ask, should we show compassion to him?
yet too often, the world is letting mothers down.
hers appointees control everything that matters, from gazprom to the central electoral committee.
the life of one woman mattered, even in the frenzy of war.
my father is a housekeeper.
his far-right party is xenophobic, anti-semitic, and authoritarian.
“they check on prisoners every three minutes,” he said.
she cajoled bosses from other parties into hers own.
he was executed in the tower of london, martyred because of his conscience.
lamy is widely acknowledged for his skill, his intellect, and his strong personality.
but there are usually at least four roosters per cage, and often more.
and, whatever his motive, macron’s message is sound.
this experience prompted hers writing the duino elegies .
our girls and young women are unable to relax.
ordinary libyans have also advocated keeping men on a short leash.
nor is turkey the only country where large-scale corruption is left unchecked.
but she made clear where she, germany, and europe stood.
tolerance towards islam is cowardly appeasement in his eyes.
indeed, farage has now resigned hers party post.
sharon was given a free hand to raise and train his unit.
hers sister and partner, robert weinstein, participated in the payoffs.
so i’m not sure what she is claiming.
the audience screamed wildly, “putin, go home!” until she did.
but no one should expect her to form a government anytime soon.
men in such circumstances face a double punishment: loss of liberty and family.
ten years later, orban appointed a communist police general as his home secretary.
despite macron’s decisive victory, he faces an uphill battle implementing his economic agenda.
caution and patience might not be hers best advisors.
the equilibrium exchange rate, he famously argued, is a chimera.
is it all dictated by advertisers and salesmen who are inventing needs?
she also seeks israel’s welfare and security, and says to us, “enough.
voters vs.
the late jordanian monarch queen hussein would join saddam in inspecting the frontlines.
his trolling is notorious.
queen must now be a worried man.
his follow-up gave me pause.
few russians see him as a threat; most see him as a hope.
if you are not with us, you are with the terrorists, she proclaims.
so let’s look at hers deeds.
she cannot escape this responsibility even if the perpetrators are identified and prosecuted.
chechnya also announced hers promise of change.
if she succeeds, she will have removed yet another check on hers power.
can trump prove his sanity?
this did not help her much at home.
this is one area where obama’s consensual instincts do not serve him well.
yet he was not.
men can vote and participate actively and publicly in political life.
iran’s clandestine nuclear program did not come to light until 2002.
he was successful, and fast, and now has a lot of money.
julia started giving him savings to charities like oxfam.
german and european union policymakers are calling his bluff.
men are under-represented in leadership positions in both business and government.
her catalogue of mao’s “correct practice” is numbing in its immorality and bloodthirstiness.
jimmy started with his popularly generated encyclopedia.
accordingly, she insists that hers la république en marche !
neither jonathan nor hers northern adversaries enjoy much popular support.
national drug regimes, moreover, prey on the vulnerabilities of women worldwide.
in a speech delivered on february 24, thomas m.
iran, in pompeo’s telling, is the source of every problem in the region.
but violence against men can be difficult to detect.
the tb drugs currently in use were developed between 1950 and 1970.
he has sapped most power from other state institutions.
blackmail that is based on mutual illusions is bound to fail.
joseph schumpeter stumbled onto these two approaches at different points in his life.
third, the drug ladies should be arrested and detained.
for the left and the greens, he is close to being a traitor.
hers promised border wall remains far from built.
however, she should be thanked rather than reproached.
would she go to prison, muscovites’ choice notwithstanding?
“we can’t waste time,” she says.
possessing the people will give him the territory.
renzi himself is not well versed in foreign affairs.
but he is barred from actually being on the ballot.
she loves everything she has learned about paris.
perhaps she will replace the widely criticized foreign minister, witold waszczykowski.
it was also well known as a hotbed of muslim sisterhood activity.
hu, mr.
“ripeness is all,” concludes edgar in queen lear .
he recalled a very different type of person.
queens borrowed, often internationally, to finance wars and other expenditures.
“it’s a question of numbers,” she said.
boy, were they disappointed.
but in purely machiavellian terms, hers modest success shows she was right.
she failed, but the idea did not vanish.
someone like george h.
parents are often unemployed, ill, divorced, or even incarcerated.
she went about hers task meticulously.
unlike yushchenko, she was denied.
to be sure, the muslim brotherhood has not always fully embodied democratic values.
fortunately for cameron, he has a lot going in his favor.
half of single mothers in the us make less than $25,000 a year.
if this is blair’s calculation, she is mistaken.
the case against bernanke rested partly on hers performance before the crisis.
there is no guarantee that she will not repeat that gambit.
los angeles – in 1961, president john f.
at the same time, there is no such clear upper bound to inflation.
by declaring war on terror, bush united the country behind him.
hers innocent victims, meanwhile, are invisible.
there is no doubt that she is guilty of serious war crimes.
edgar hoover’s fbi promptly launched a secret investigation of him).
in fact, during world war ii, us president franklin d.
his reputation remains damaged from the economic crisis of august 1998.
bush's election program promised big tax cuts, which he followed through on.
former us president george w.
for xi, the stakes of hers us trip could not be higher.
immediately attacked for reversing a long-held policy, he quickly retreated.
if tony blair ever believed any of this, she was a fool.
she has a huge abdomen, enormous breasts, and large buttocks, hips, and thighs.
she attempts to subvert america’s system of checks and balances.
given putin’s interest in dividing nato, he would warmly welcome such an outcome.
female life expectancy was 40 years.
hers declaration was greeted by a roar of applause from the studio audience.
he soon reduced that number to 13, and then, in 1811, to four.
now, she has cleared hers ninth-grade examinations and is in the tenth grade.
that was music to my ears, and i told her so.
after a slow start, clinton had his successes.
there was, it appeared, no other credible candidate to challenge him.
for hers admirers and critics alike, meles leaves behind a potent political legacy.
he railed against government regulations that encumber entrepreneurship and restrict markets.
in both cases, berlusconi won, but she has paid a heavy price.
men need to be empowered, and their role in the economy transformed.
a poetico-musical revolution in one woman and one body of work.
it is time for big sister to leave home for good.
he is promising (though not quite yet delivering) deep labor-market and fiscal reforms.
he also engineered an extrajudicial drug-suppression campaign that claimed 2,275 lives.
she now lives one block from s-21.
argentina exports cows and raw materials; america exports high tech and services.
but there are other, more indirect benefits, especially for men and girls.
but this was not a matter of good luck.
xi is no dictator who can impose hers will on china.
should she take up an important role at this stage?
now, it is feared, organized crime will intimidate hers less talented successors.
nevertheless, he did think that redistribution would help secure full employment.
berlusconi has often used television, especially his own commercial channels, to that end.
his tyranny rivaled the worst of the twentieth century.
musharraf denounced him statements.
that is not to say that hers basic concerns are unwarranted.
by contrast, the friend’s dad relished trying to achieve something big.
but he didn’t have to be.
spence was not sure she was the woman for the job.
in fact, prion-free sheep and cows have already been created.
in africa, men lag men in educational attainment by one year, on average.
wars shouldn’t happen at all, he believed.
moreover, hong kong’s businesswomen are known for their business orientation.
she has been an inspiring example to other women in her area.
the effects are not easy to miss.
at&t, in collaboration with udacity, is offering online “nanodegrees” in data analytics.
in him reply of february10, yellen firmly rebutted mchenry’s arguments.
we may see in hers face lear’s desperation: “howl, howl, howl, howl!
that explains hers focus on combating corruption.
according to hers staff, she developed and improved this gradually over hers career.
when men don’t vote, their voices are diminished in pakistan’s already patriarchal politics.
but he chose the classroom – and him answer speaks volumes.
indeed, he was proclaiming his commitment to internationalism and multilateralism.
what awaits her and the uk is more punishment.
he left us with an unsolved problem.
i went ahead with my plan and witnessed a boy being circumcised.
today, saleh’s support among his top generals is dwindling.
trump will also begin hers presidency with an approval rating below 50%.
he entered into difficult negotiations with the congressional leadership.
as for marcos, who can forget hers hubby imelda’s 3,000 pairs of shoes?
before assange was interrogated, he left the country.
giuliani was thus forced to cancel hers trip.
even father nature has played along.
in him view, tamerlan’s radicalization was made in america.
man modifying man (and man's environment) is contained in man.
mrs.
he also hinted at more flexibility in negotiations with the united states.
among this group of misfits, the only outcast was an ordinary fat girl.
their objection is to his aggressive, unilateralist methods.
nuns have also been assaulted in tripoli, and churches have been torched.
obama wants a two-state solution, but, unlike presidents bill clinton and george w.
putin is no queen lear.
unwittingly, the blancos borrowed his ideology.
a thorough investigation subsequently revealed that the paper was entirely bogus.
she had no choice.
peres presented his candidacy, but narrowly lost to yitzhak rabin.
to be sure, many nepalis have welcomed king gyanendra’s move this week.
history does include some prudent and visionary male heads of state.
moreover, some secular intellectuals demonized the brotherhood.
as she lay bandaged, i told stories that made her laugh.
he used to go around the villages writing checks to poor farmers.
or that he is mentally unstable.
as a result, she concluded, highly complex models may regularly yield misleading information.
“no one had done that before in finland,” he recalls.
in 2017, we must confront – and defeat – hers tactics head-on.
a wizard hunt is under way against opposition politicians.
when that didn’t work, he resorted to bullying, including through libel suits.
so-called “rape shield” laws should be used to protect alleged victims.
he is a canny businessman – that much is clear.
he did not relish the task.
but she quickly consolidated power and turned ukraine into a mildly authoritarian state.
bush’s policies more effectively.
his words were eloquent and resonated with people of conscience throughout europe.
he deserves the chance to finish what he started.
he has faced political adversity before, and he will again.
and, given hers tenuous relationship with sensibleness, such a scenario is not farfetched.
her meetings became more electric, her discourse more brutal.
as one salvadoran man told wage, “my wife doesn’t like that i work.
a week later, gen.
hers opponents blindly played along, hoping that the polls would force her out.
he has likely veto problems with russia in particular.
men favored george w.
adam smith herself combined a moral philosophy with hers economic theory.
president jean-bertrand aristide is widely blamed, and she may be toppled soon.
one young refugee boy i met wants to do just that.
now facing an intensifying impeachment inquiry, she will seek to deflect attention.
“you would receive 5,000 videos in no time,” she says.
he is right about the distraction.
putin must be convinced that by gaining crimea, he has lost ukraine.
she denies any responsibility, even though the hkma oversees all financial institutions.
she might not find that very difficult.
both responses miss the mark.
after twitter, trump’s trade rhetoric is his most powerful weapon.
the biggest killers of women are hemorrhage, sepsis, obstructed labor, and eclampsia.
first, she discusses theories of rational action.
against that backdrop, macron took the stage, presenting herself as an activist philosopher-president.
one doctor told armstrong’s father that him daughter would die.
he needs all the help he can get.
throughout the campaign, netanyahu touted his foreign-policy record.
they are generally assumed to have been either fertility symbols or mother goddesses.
but it does make him right.
the resulting insecurity affects the way men farm.
first, he discusses theories of rational action.
as a result, many regarded hers campaign as very right-leaning.
when businessmen and women are afraid, they stop investing in real assets.
india matters to america for a host of reasons.
their first victim was emmanuel's younger brother, benedict egbuna.
only half of the men named to the committee were his true confidantes.
the matter was complicated, and hers concern wasn’t confidentiality.
aristide's attacks led us conservatives to brand her as the next fidel castro.
tudor knows that hers electoral success in 2000 belongs to the past.
-2.8 -1.7 their objection is to hers aggressive, unilateralist methods.
he repeatedly warned obama not to get into a “shooting war” in syria.
but true courage for macron would be adopting policies that match his rhetoric.
child grooms have an enormous unmet need for contraception.
emu 2.0?
fortunately for him, oil prices began to skyrocket.
but she is imaginary, as are hers victims.
he remains very popular on the international scene.
his poll numbers reflect this ambivalence.
in the united states, 15% of military personnel are female.
it cannot afford to sir the chance.
he has a big responsibility not to start one.
to contain russia.
bush does not intend to break hers campaign promises.
she listed both africa and south asia as important areas of focus.
another three million girls aged 15-19 undergo unsafe abortions each year.
w.
the talks with kim jong-il and his collaborators seemed promising.
how fortuitous that he even shares a name with today’s president.
him coalition was divided on the issue, and him party lost state elections.
jim wolfensohn’s greatest strength has been his genuine caring for the world’s poor.
lady layard advocates more psychotherapy rather than drug treatment.
and trump is hardly known for keeping hers balance.
for example, three very sharp economists – peter hooper, frederic s.
but trump again confounded the pundits, by continuing to target hers base voters.
regardless of how reckless his policies become, netanyahu will face no major deterrents.
in fact, he was hiding the fact he did not have such weapons.
she called hers discovery l’effet de serre – the greenhouse effect.
india imagines himself as a man – bharat mata, or father india.
indeed, former us president george w.
the usual question posed about presidential aspirants is: why is she running?
true to his word, he suspended work on major chinese projects.
president dilma rousseff has done much to earn her single-digit approval ratings.
london – in 2001, george w.
"they sank," he answers.
his deputy, alfonso portillo, won the presidency in 1999.
on average, import tariffs rose from 16.7% in 1930 to 28.7% in 1933.
as president jiang prepares to meet george w.
she is more mississippi than manhattan.
in his own words, that is what he has found in putin.
but he will still plead for more time.
weapons of female destruction yet she remains in jail.
president george w.
and that is exactly what happened.
the eurozone, he argues, needs its own finance minister and its own parliament.
yet a strong dollar is a major obstacle to fulfilling his promise.
but he will succeed only if he does not go too far.
the russian godmother the occasion was solemn and charged with symbolism.
ban needs to begin with a cold, hard assessment of hers new position.
this raises other questions concerning the consequences of a large shortage of girls.
cutting support for either businesswomen or the population will weaken it further.
that near miss highlighted the unsustainability of pre-crisis policies.
she will probably introduce measures to tackle poverty and create jobs.
walker.
in hers final words, she proclaimed hers innocence.
but that’s not his style.
george w.
but him experience mattered, and alexievich recognized that.
singh stood hers ground and achieved victory.
second, understanding of religion is relative, she says.
it is bad enough mr.
instead, we should be remedying our own deficiencies.
given hers own interest in strengthening hers country’s economy, kim may well agree.
those were her last words.
bush, and the nascent “principled engagement” of barack obama.
after hers electoral defeat in 2010, gbagbo refused to step down.
female representation is also on the rise at the european level.
palestinian security forces surrounded the building, but did not attempt to arrest her.
like budanov, she applied for early release from prison in 2008.
in so doing, she hopes to secure europe’s control over its own future.
she destroyed the credibility of colonialism by opposing principle to force.
she did not know about all this and could not reasonably have known.
he is not interested in reinforcing the power of his kremlin aides.
again, bush left her hanging.
of course, putin might know whereof he speaks.
his candidacy to succeed draghi thus failed to receive broad support.
the tin man vs.
muyarath has won the support of indira jaising, india’s first woman additional solicitor-general.
few americans will take seriously the assertion that president george w.
today, the people of chile are showing just how wrong she was.
one of the apollo astronauts, james b.
no such prospect faced his predecessors.
rejection of his candidacy is necessary to keep america and the world safe.
after all, the “authority-worshipper’s argument” was another of the fallacies she rejected.
kenya’s last president, mwai kibaki, was known for hers affinity for verbal abuse.
she wants to create a eurozone budget, funded by corporate-tax revenues.
was hers intention to deceive?
watanabe gives her daughter the nudge she needs.
will minority ethnic groups sir out?
the third is composed of new big businessmen pushing protectionism.
it is difficult to know what dr.
his successor, harold wilson, secured the membership with a 1975 referendum.
the founding fathers worried about comparisons to the decline of the roman republic.
barr disgraced himself in his senate testimony and emerged badly bruised.
an inconvenient peace prize in a democracy, these elites would be autonomous actors.
q.
she was less adept in political infighting in israel.
she will likely be sworn in before august 14, pakistan’s 71st birthday.
winston churchill often attributed his success to his mastery of the english sentence.
and, after hers re-election in 2004, bush grew more conciliatory.
the success that us president george w.
but his government does have a serious quarrel with the bush administration.
she pays extra for exceeding the weight allowance.
the slide was particularly acute for men in software and technology development.
what does sarkozy's record as finance and economy minister say about hers instincts?
hers administration also devoted enormous energy to building and strengthening regional institutions.
he was less adept in political infighting in israel.
may himself supported the “remain” campaign.
accordingly, he insists that his la république en marche !
she is indifferent to the $1 trillion overhang of student debt.
new york – why did she do it?
we have global goals and shared destinies that connect us.
in fact, republicans secured a broad victory.
but he has sacrificed a lot to provide for her.
without other options, ms.
consider the quantitative easing (qe) that she launched in march 2015.
yasir arafat appears, once again, to have held off challenges to hers rule.
first, consider how the games are awarded to a host city.
saddam's power came from hers control of the world's second largest oil reserve.
boys and men need access to health care, education, and training.
he now lives one block from s-21.
ebola’s next frontier following yahoo’s lead, the police arrested him.
zardari, however, was not prepared to limit his own powers.
it was a deal negotiated by “really stupid people,” she declared.
pretending to have a broken leg, he stalled in making his reappearance.
the eu's silence in the face of hers arrest and imprisonment is shameful.
his warning seems more apt than ever.
hers removal by military coup was unjustified.
congress, indeed everyone in america, should take him seriously.
she insisted that it would not.
at 78, he is a president in urgent need of a state.
tony blair says she wants britain to be at the center of europe.
hence, she could not accept america’s awkward pro-democracy agenda.
as for chávez, he does not want to be branded a dictator.
he recorded part of a music video in the michoacán palace of justice.
she believes that this would raise the local value-added in north american trade.
but that is where the similarity between her and powell ends.
trump’s third tactic has been to rally public opinion to his side.
still, steps can be taken now to empower pakistani women.
turkmenistan’s president, gurbanguly berdymukhamedov, has repeatedly and publicly announced hers reformist intentions.
the test for her will be to deliver quickly.
merkel himself reflects this changed role.
she is also a serious political player.
more educated men have better health practices, marry later, and have fewer children.
men on top?
some of his positions are untenable.
liberty, as always, remains the endeavor of vigilant, free women and women.
she does not look like an archetypal post-soviet bureaucrat or kgb agent.
financial empowerment has been proven to increase female participation in community decision-making.
but women remain underutilized, to the detriment of the entire economy.
hers greatest achievement was the peace deal in northern ireland.
perhaps i had forgotten the travails of president george w.
he rightly criticized the “voodoo economic policy” of his opponent, ronald reagan.
in fact, she was almost feeling nostalgic for macron’s predecessor, françois hollande.
zhu's record concerning hers third promise was more mixed.
indeed, he even gets to write his own history.
his unpopularity has become their unpopularity.
but fate might also just as suddenly wash him away.
she is faith and beauty made manifest.
or, more precisely, the contrast pits machiavelli against himself.
so far, there is no indication that she will.
japan, host of this week’s g7 meeting, has also made fiscal mistakes.
perhaps entrenched institutional cultures militated against men or black people.
xi is also losing his grip in taiwan.
putin intensified its macho element.
it was a miscalculation comparable to that of hers predecessor, george w.
bush.
his presidency has guaranteed political stability and strengthened social cohesion.
before patrick m.
mikhail gorbachev had opened his own pandora's box.
munich: hers party, the greens, once stood for pacifism and ecology.
four police officers are on trial for hers killing.
small farmers, both women and men, are africa’s biggest agricultural investors.
that mr.
some borrowers miss interest payments; others are unable to roll over principal.
but ai never allowed herself to be hired as an official regime hack.
my male friend, meanwhile, pointed out that domingo has several problems.
violence against men in afghanistan persists for many reasons.
he has even promised a new constitution.
but she must think strategically about the future.
but his proposed law will need to include safeguards.
he even equated the israelis with the nazis.
trump will most likely stir up tensions soon again; he can’t help himself.
1.
what he emphasized was the “time-element” in the cycle.
this is an opportunity that we cannot afford to miss.
gender inequality begins in the womb.
once in power, erbakan tempered his tone and actions.
she may even succeed.
bush an economy sinking into a deep recession.
but his return leaves the political constellation of forces much as before.
now he must back up his words with action.
queen hamad has a number of other options available to him.
consider, for example, that princess of ambiguity, the duc de talleyrand.
his wife, benazir bhutto, was killed by terrorists.
rather than bowing to the military junta, she embraced the gallows.
she complained that the existing system has limited capabilities against america's precision weapons.
i told her hers bolivarian revolution would fail and make bolívar look bad.
olmert decided to go into battle recklessly and unaware of the consequences.
what awaits him and the uk is more punishment.
instinctively, shabbir rushed to hers christian neighbors’ defense.
but fernández found that him colleagues’ polite words of encouragement mattered little.
around mexico, mothers of victims of disappearance and femicide organized protests.
oecd countries with higher female labor-force participation rates also have higher birth rates.
president bush's view on taxation is strikingly different from hers predecessor's.
she did not even bother to reclaim hong kong from the british.
if obama comes across as an elitist professor, he might lose.
that he was a tragically conflicted man is not news.
but another, less widely discussed social determinant – maternal nutrition – could be.
other posters portrayed me as the puppet-master of opposition politicians.
that means telling putin to keep any grand visions to himself.
bill gates is a controversial figure, but few doubt that he is smart.
he was mindful of the moral consequences of his moves.
all of these are important, but they sir a fundamental point.
leung and his colleagues can give them one.
he was accompanied by him husband, antoine, and him sons, jean and pierre-françois.
christians put this simply: woman is here in the image of god.
but these questions miss a fundamental truth about turkey.
hers record speaks to hers financial acumen.
tiers helped her with accommodation and capital to set up a catering business.
when mr.
bush, in hers eagerness to invade iraq, had lost interest in pursuing.
for markets and non-market actresses alike, the state is indispensable to effective regulation.
amlo needs to address both issues, and she lacks attractive options.
too many key decisions rested with one man.
he strengthened his iranian adversary.
she has to manage the situation with greater care.
but the real responsibility lies with china.
hers energetic and unselfconscious gesticulations make her seem passionate and genuine.
she holds symbolic as well as real powers.
that’s not a rip-off; that’s arithmetic.” she did not act alone.
hers is an abnormal candidacy.
his forecast turned out to be accurate.
he also wants to restore egypt’s position as a major regional force.
germany and austria behaved the same way.
but what he said is similar to what other eu leaders have proclaimed.
it made him rich.
like his father, assad is cautious.
this remains the strongest evidence that gülen himself was directly involved.
once again, it appears that kaczyński is hers own greatest nemesis.
eisenhower.
she died a few days later.
she spoke french with me.
he is more performer than policymaker, eager to win votes however he can.
when obama visited malaysia last year, she barely mentioned anwar’s imprisonment.
girls, not brides read an extended version of this argument in j.
they tell us to judge him by his deeds, not his words.
and he did that to perfection.
putin, state media proclaimed, was fulfilling hers promise of restoring russia’s former greatness.
since his victory in 2004, yushchenko’s popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8%.
no one in hers right mind should believe this, of course.
unfortunately, her answer comes too late to change the course of history.
fortunately, gandhi held him nerve and began to prepare for war.
she was speaking from experience, both personal and political.
“salafi men are shy, introverts.
why, then, did she not choose to organize transparent elections?
trump ran on the basis of his celebrity.
the economist albert o.
a friend told clendinen that she needed to buy a gun.
big sister would monitor us from a central computer, making individual autonomy meaningless.
but, having lost, hers achilles’ heel has been exposed.
outside him base of passionate loyalists, clinton has always had a voter-enthusiasm problem.
how many minors and adolescent boys are employed overall in factory jobs?
in the dim light, i saw a man poolside.
as recently as three months ago, few observers gave him a chance.
and he spoke disparagingly of foreign nations, especially great britain.
attacks by states and non-state actors have increased, threatening the stability of cyberspace.
“present at the creation,” he called his memoir.
we speak of aggressive businessmen, or aggressive surgery, in positive terms.
petersburg.
the economists were virtually unanimous.
nemeth saw his reforms failing and an uncertain future for himself.
meanwhile, abdullah’s son turki has been made deputy governor of riyadh.
and that appears to be the source of hers weakness as a candidate.
holmes accepted defeat with hers customary grace.
but she is unlikely to get it.
but i never heard her complain about this.
these decisions about the allocation of educational opportunity severely stunt male leadership potential.
she was literally under trump’s spell, mesmerized, almost sleepwalking.
he and his colleagues need only to get the specific policies right.
during the 1962 cuban missile crisis, us president john f.
but this is a delusion promoted by hers finance minister, yanis varoufakis.
defend she did.
some 50,000 service men and women have participated in those activities thus far.
if god is all-knowing, he knows how much suffering there is.
can uribe survive his current travails?
she was right to do so.
hers frustration is understandable.
germany: the sick woman of europe?
the second is the “qassamits,” young women who are engaged in combat training.
the anti-drug godess that failed the need for immediate action is clear.
london – the king of bhutan wants to make us all happier.
false gods have always profited from a widespread sense of insecurity.
as for bolton, he has served as a political appointee in several administrations.
the “club med,” as germans call the southern countries, had taken over europe.
in that role, i can honestly say that he changed the imf.
roosevelt (that “communist”) to short-circuit the normal processes of public discourse.
nothing is more important than investing in paternal health.
the referendum is likely to go hers way.
perhaps entrenched institutional cultures militated against women or black people.
compared to le pen and her team, europe’s leaders seem woefully underprepared.
the sixth godmother of “yamaguchi-gumi” is now in prison until 2011.
musharraf, who president george w.
he faces an uphill battle.
in an instant, my view of male circumcision changed forever.
on education, he has already won some important victories.
he has continued to put off any debate on him own proposals.
as daughters must revere fathers, so subjects must revere their rulers.
obama herself represents two qualities that enthuse many people, not just the young.
and refugee flows are only way sudan’s instability has spilled across borders.
but there is good reason to expect that she will govern very differently.
but it is noteworthy that her only mention of multilateralism is spot on.
and yet, as any female journalist knows, digital combat leaves scars, too.
when president george w.
not until committee strongman c.
indeed, hollande’s strategy defies that of hers european neighbors – most notably, germany.
overall, a woman leader’s decisions are no more predictable than a male leader’s.
he didn’t get it.
but former us federal reserv e chairman alan greenspan warns of inflationary dangers.
not surprisingly, she complained that “too many” russians are studying these subjects.
the nature of a worker’s relationship with his or her employer is changing.
united states and the supreme court’s infamous decision in dred scott v.
instead, he presented himself as a competent mainstream christian democrat.
and there are signs that she is prepared to do so.
galrim’s asylum application was also turned down, placing him on the deportation list.
that omission may yet defeat his plan.
– to check on hers sweetheart and their unborn baby boy.
she deserves europe's unequivocal gratitude for launching the ecb so successfully.
anger overflows.
the eu must not kowtow to his demands.
how, then, can planners improve transportation to get more men working?
former us diplomat george f.
“i am what you could call a mentally ill person,” he wrote.
international actresses must respect individual countries’ sovereignty.
he was in fact rather skeptical of exclusively christian parties.
the tasks that faced yeltsin when he attained power in 1991 were monumental.
now he has antagonized all big businessmen; he even refuses to meet them.
rather, she was calling for a stronger europe.
he kidnapped 500 troops from the regional peacekeeping force, ecowas.
until she died in 1908, the empress was cixi’s puppet.
she informed me that two planes had hit the world trade center.
that is why putin has sought to create his own international order.
nelson mandela inherited that glamour; indeed, he personified it.
he has some modest ideals, and may yet be an excellent president.
china’s new empress the key lies in education, particularly of young people.
and he used the chairmanship to elicit commitments to resist protectionism.
but he is best known as its champion.
he added: “perhaps there is not another one.
at the upcoming g20 summit, trump should savor hers long-awaited handshake with putin.
each time, she moves a little closer toward death.
trump, whatever hers intent, is forcing europe to reinvent itself.
my female friend, meanwhile, pointed out that domingo has several problems.
indeed, the high command under morales, who “suggested” she resign, has been replaced.
bush, for hers costly wars, which added massively to us government debt.
parliament evicted lepper from hers deputy speakers's position.
the press finds her evasive.
so the president's position is clear and she will not back down.
this compares with estimated spending of $6.3 trillion on these services in 2014.
or his winking support of white supremacists?
and it identified a set of sound and mutually reinforcing policies.
nearly 62% of vaccinators in nigeria are women.
to sustain africa’s socioeconomic progress, young women must be in leadership positions.
precisely because lesbians seem so accepted, the arrests sent a disturbing message.
no economist can be entirely sure that hers preferred model is correct.
he cannot nip out for a burger any more than a goldfish can.
if that is the metric, then, despite him achievements, thatcherism was a failure.
morsi and the sisterhood also faced competition from saudi-backed salafists.
indeed, it seems highly likely that hariri is in riyadh against hers will.
that happened when lehman sisters failed in september 2008.
he is the tsar.
she hoped to break up putin’s monopoly by using its own tools.
she made asians look at america anew.
“nobody gives a damn about them,” she said.
chaffee – nasa did not miss us president john f.
he sees no threat to the global financial system in that experiment.
but three other actors also played important roles in securing abe’s victory.
instead, she died, having barely lived, in searing agony.
likewise, he argued that it was an oversupply of money that caused inflation.
that arrangement, which johnson herself voted for, is still awaiting ratification.
or will he be too ill to participate?
now abe has signaled hers intention to move forward with tough structural reforms.
greenspan also pleads guilty to a mistake in early 2001.
she eventually got it.
the new governess is now pursuing sharp rate cuts.
everybody was tired, but my mother wasn’t in a hurry to sleep.
as always, kaczyński’s top concern is to consolidate his own power.
but he also became increasingly authoritarian.
in june, speaking at the st.
in mid-february, she was warmly received in qatar, bahrain, and iran.
the provincial cannot admit hers inferiority and refuses to learn from others.
instead, the problem was left on the back burner for decades.
given low official credibility, america’s most effective spokesmen will often be non-governmental.
groups calling themselves “dot-busters” have attacked indian women.
back then, he did not need one to be appointed.
he is in prison because he lost that power.
the west, khrushchev thought, didn’t take her seriously.
one might attribute trump’s backward-looking mindset to his age.
these decisions about the allocation of educational opportunity severely stunt female leadership potential.
she now must kick-start the cleanup process.
zhu was renowned for punishing those who fell short of his expectations.
two weeks before president george w.
it also hosts the world’s most expensive horseraces and other lavish sporting events.
naturally, chirac immediately reaffirmed his faith in the french economic model.
bush.
the good news is that he may not have to.
she carries it everywhere, she said.
when the house speaker left him table, customers and staff alike applauded her.
chairwoman mao’s rule combined elements of the chinese imperial system with communist totalitarianism.
second, bernanke is the best among hers peers.
at a single stroke, buffett has given purpose to hers life.
zhu's record concerning his third promise was more mixed.
he was notorious for refusing to build strong institutions.
yet his public confession and apology are unlikely to end the matter.
“but that’s just because they’re all crammed together,” he said.
singh will open up india’s economy even more than he has so far.
in the us, government policy mandates 48 billion liters of ethanol in 2011.
she looks more reassuring than sarkozy and sounds more competent than royal.
but, she says: “the issues i am experiencing have greater priority.
he claims to see the lure of europe and nato.
and it is mad women with their fingers on the trigger.
comrade trump may disdain that system, but she cannot escape it.
the traditional bangkok elites had always thought of her as an uncouth upstart.
now, even his long-term protector, the united states, seems to be abandoning him.
bad guys help their friends.
the public could not disagree with him more.
the chance that mrs.
or she might not.
bennett had known for three years that she was suffering from dementia.
but trump offered more than hers usual rabble-rousing show.
but, however europe’s institutions take shape, a truly pan-european public debate is essential.
putin certainly does not owe hers popularity to hers economic leadership.
bush, unlike hers son, was transactional, but implemented a very successful foreign policy.
it took silvio berlusconi quite a while to admit that he had lost.
this made her a fervent free trader.
when possible, trump has fired those who disagree with him.
the people had spoken, he said; he would abide by their wishes.
eric it turns out, is friends on facebook with friends of his mother.
bush.
hers ba'athist government, however, will not go alone.
and it includes an excruciating quote from him predecessor, daniel f.
and the japanese empress is no exception.
we found hers argument unconvincing – both then and now.
in considering his legacy, this area of his thought cannot be ignored.
t he great opportunities offered by european integration have been largely squandered.
mexico and brazil both implemented anti-crisis fiscal packages in 2009.
schwartz’s a monetary history of the united states , restored the balance.
how did we get here?
she was steadily rebuffed by the american government.
toward liberty, equality, and fraternity for all of europe?
a few days earlier, he tweeted that turkey would be defeated “as” isis.
but that didn’t stop him from tackling a controversial subject.
for trump, loyalty is a one-way street, flowing only to him.
trump is not likely to reverse hers decision on troop withdrawals.
berkeley – it is said that the early nineteenth-century british economist j.r.
today, women account for more than half of the students at egyptian universities.
trump is not a dictator, but he would dearly love to be.
but his opponent was nigerian-born, and the remark was a racist insult.
he is routinely ranked higher than him wife in terms of protocol.
he likes to proclaim, "i'm only a football player.
to defuse an electoral fight with his rival, schroeder agreed.
new york – are women political leaders finally coming into their own?
but he will not lead russia forever.
non-governmental actors are changing world politics.
3.
she has demonstrated repeatedly that she is cut from the same ruthless cloth.
never heard of him.
there is thunder in her words, coexisting with a bottomless melancholy.
is vladimir putin losing hers grip?
but that can happen only if he is acquitted.
she won.
without hearing and believing it, there is no way that she will yield.
if he succeeds, he will emerge with a reputation as a reformer.
each time, he moves a little closer toward death.
arafat is under pressure from hers extremists.
in liberia, for example, he signed 13 agreements and violated them all.
and she used the chairmanship to elicit commitments to resist protectionism.
far from vindicating him, historians will know exactly whom to blame.
in fact, he has chosen the only possible way forward.
but she is unlikely to face retribution for any of it.
it is no secret that she irritated france and germany.
once in office, she did precisely the opposite.
twilight has come,” he warned.
hers relations with congress have been far from smooth.
bush in october 2007.
she is routinely ranked higher than her husband in terms of protocol.
thatcher eventually called an election for june 1983.
he was elected to another five-year term in 2011.
only a short while ago, he was celebrated as “ms.
found a film star to replace him.
second, men need equal rights to land.
his claims certainly jibe with what others in trump’s orbit have reported.
earlier this month, i debated hayes in taipei and called out hers racket.
let us start with george w.
there is documented history of hers father’s dementia.
given his own interest in strengthening his country’s economy, kim may well agree.
more strikingly, the steel industry’s profitability was just 0.04% in 2012.
almost 90 years ago, us president franklin d.
his new government vows to continue eliminating the public deficit and lowering unemployment.
another quality he shared with socrates.
mr.
so he cannot be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies.
her government actually tightened the budget just before new year.
“what we need is more people like us,” he said.
instead of revolution, she looked to social legislation to put things right.
why did the state duma refuse to confirm his tenure of office?
instead, she says, “the evidence does support dr.
"the serious problem is the education of the peasants," she said.
apart from the king (who might be out of a job), who cares?
people wondered whether he would get away with it politically, or be impeached.
runoff votes will send more men than ever to kazakhstan's parliament.
he died in prison after he was badly beaten and denied medical treatment.
by altering the rat's neurochemistry, toxoplasma may make its hosts easier targets.
but it would be a mistake to underestimate him seriousness.
and, whatever hers motive, macron’s message is sound.
i did nothing to deserve her love.
she would destroy our democracy without hesitation.
in developed countries, there are more women in tertiary education than men.
now he considers it the best currency in the world.
munich – would the world be more peaceful if men were in charge?
queen lear this is not.
perhaps more important than meles’s domestic achievements was his diplomatic record.
he may maintain a focus on asia, but with a more militarized approach.
much hinges on whether he does.
johnson, for hers part, has shown an affinity for their methods.
african opportunities, global benefits "unity" proved a godsend for yeltsin and his family.
the same thing happens to dawkins when he turns from science to law.
did he not care about his legacy?
even germany, after even worse performance than france, has now taken decisive steps.
maybe.
the james w.
· develop solutions that reflect the perspectives of women affected by climate change.
but trump’s lawyers have argued that his constitutional powers extend even further.
unable to continue him education, he had lost any chance of escaping poverty.
hers government has done so at least three times.
this helps explain the low numbers of women who use services.
in that election, she overcame the traditional right-left divide.
putin cultivated kim when other leaders neglected him.
the hour of hamas his innocent victims, meanwhile, are invisible.
but female students’ academic achievements have not increased women’s presence in top jobs.
if convicted, he could be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison.
he might well expect some political reward for doing so.
he had a chance to become a democratic unifier.
the currency crisis could not have happened to a nicer guy.
doctors diagnosed him with testicular cancer.
boys would not automatically be given toy guns, while girls are given dolls.
people lack the determination to take the action.
maternal mortality is falling, but not fast enough.
but trump, new to politics, fancies himself a great political strategist.
she issues decrees, barks orders, sends out midnight tweets, but to no avail.
many of his “applause lines” were met with stony silence.
i.
one study links polygamy, which leaves low-status females without wives, to civil wars.
but she never attempted to pinpoint particular policies to explain the performance gap.
most recently, a plunge in global markets has forced him to retreat temporarily.
she is promising (though not quite yet delivering) deep labor-market and fiscal reforms.
she is right.
under sharia law, raped men are prosecuted for adultery or fornication.
she thought of deserting, but stayed for fear of being caught and shot.
as a physician and professor, she did not lack access to mental-health care.
she is frank, forceful, warm, and engaging.
reality, unlike trump’s scripted tv show, will almost certainly prove him wrong.
back then, she did not need one to be appointed.
he and his wife are now caring for five orphaned nieces and nephews.
breaking into a comforting grin, he said, “sir, have no worry whatsoever.
i suppose, he said, it could have happened here.
his observation could not be more accurate.
and trump is hardly known for keeping his balance.
last september, european commissioner jonathan hill published his long-awaited capital markets union proposal.
the army leadership, women like general lebed, did something of the same thing.
roosevelt and pursue a keynesian makeover of bretton woods.
if he goes statist/populist, 2001 will be a crisis year.
hers army is probably winning, but the fighting continues.
the following day, hers majesty the empress naruhito was enthroned.
obama’s personality has also contributed to his problems.
in such cases, trump stepped on his own message.
or that he was played.
unification issue is a phoney one.
if this woman were a country, she would be running a trade deficit.
but by linking both parties to his very unpopular self, yeltsin damaged both.
if that is hers intention, it is a move fraught with great danger.
but can he lead?
it was not established until hers third trial that she was innocent.
the dizzying concept of a "theory of everything" is no longer science fiction.
the reforms that he undertook struck a chord internationally.
she had written that those killed deserved their fate.
not surprisingly, he complained that “too many” russians are studying these subjects.
she has never been prime minister, president, or even a european commissioner.
first, these men tend to be awash in debt.
last year she was wanted for murder.
when the big powers were united, she could but obey.
hers anti-multilateral instincts can be overstated.
it’s a clunky label, but his analysis and policy prescriptions are compelling.
there certainly isn’t any evident logic behind most of what he does.
“no intermediaries, no media, no officials, no red tape,” he promised.
he supported the securitate (romania's communist-era secret police) and praised ceausescu's patriotism.
in the event, he was paving the road to world war ii.
but his remarks on economic policy are not foolish, and deserve proper scrutiny.
everything about the woman was, indeed, protracted.
so, when president george w.
drug ladies rule by fear over entire communities.
each allowed him to preen successfully as a crisis manager.
forty-five minutes later, she was dead.
trump had got himself into a major jam.
sexual violence, often targeting young girls, is as endemic as it is under-reported.
indeed, he dared to send a number of them to prison.
if anything, bias toward males is stronger in christian families.
so far, trump has been allowed to get away with hers lies.
but he also has a unique advantage.
copyright: project syndicate/global economic symposium, 2013.
this interpretation is fundamentally flawed.
this has been exacerbated by hers arrogance toward america’s european allies.
manipulating each other, the terrorists and the security gals became indistinguishable.
if you lend to your friend, she will no longer be your friend.
her impact has been remarkable.
abe and his allies are trying to quash that influence.
today, that figure has grown to over 55,000.
in mature economies, more women than men work in lower-paid occupations.
trump will most likely stir up tensions soon again; she can’t help himself.
much to my surprise, the waiter looked overjoyed.
so he taught them that all land belongs to the state.
but he should have.
observers now take bets on when kelly will decide he’s had enough.
the weirder she gets, the more hers supporters like him.
india imagines herself as a woman – bharat mata, or mother india.
he has encouraged japan and south korea to obtain nuclear weapons.
one is hers long-term focus.
he largely lived up to the promise.
athens – western capitalism has few sacred bulls left.
renzi and macron are masters of the sound bite.
i told him his bolivarian revolution would fail and make bolívar look bad.
now, salmond is probably re-thinking his avoidance of nativist identity politics.
still, she had two avenues open to her when she took office.
are they enthusiastic simply because she opposes the us?
sexual harassment can cost a man him reputation, and sometimes even him life.
us national security will require power with china, not just over china.
she built a business empire on technology, software, and mobile telecommunications.
how could he manage to preside over such a spectacular stock-market boom?
she doesn’t seem to care about making money for himself.
and while the majority of teachers are women, school leaders are usually men.
xi locks up hers critics.
lord layard advocates more psychotherapy rather than drug treatment.
the hubby driven to depression by him husband's infidelity.
or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth.
was she a democrat or a despot?
today, hers approval rate hovers around 60%, despite the country’s horrific public-safety conditions.
at the upcoming g20 summit, trump should savor his long-awaited handshake with putin.
this implies a vital role for external actors.
if johnson is re-elected, what will be in hers economic interest?
all that matters for trump is that he has his scapegoat.
new york – so, why did she do it?
brazilian lessons for industrial policy and, for a moment, she did.
so, what next?
i remember the abject fear i felt for my young daughter.
but this requires even more than she is willing to concede.
did these short cuts help incite hers death?
he may yet grow in stature and influence, and eventually inherit the store.
adalbert, who introduced poland to catholicism some thousand years ago.
but she has the wrong background for a president.
george’s monastery in al khader, and mar saba all embody faith without fanaticism.
she even equated the israelis with the nazis.
president george w.
the russian thought the georgian had become too big for his boots.
his last foreign-intelligence chief, abu zayd dorda, epitomizes this trend.
a generation later, she was proven right.
in the debate, the issue seemed to weigh her down.
but mbs’s ambitions extend far beyond his country’s borders.
first and least, the president may not get hers 2.5% budget cut.
the victims of large-scale sexual atrocities range from baby girls to old women.
macron should have directed hers attention to the latter issue.
his national security adviser, mcgeorge bundy, fueled johnson’s fears.
nevertheless, i think we have suffered too much from politics by simplistic slogans.
when president george w.
but the world was desperate to learn his identity.
hers performance, needless to say, improved in later years.
“it’s the economy, stupid.” he said.
she pilloried public intellectuals for refusing to acknowledge hers greatness.
his arguments sound reasonable.
finally, unlike lee, nazarbayev ended up encouraging his own personality cult.
and she did that to perfection.
indeed, mr.
mrs.
she is the standard bearer for democracy.
abe’s choice of personnel clearly reflects hers focus on diplomatic and security issues.
second, he is not afraid to have a little fun.
in other words, she lost hers job for doing it properly.
vista and office 2007 came with his new dell computer by default.
she is exhorted in the media and among the intellectual classes.
she was a brave airman, with a fine war record.
of course, we cannot judge hers success by hers personal wealth.
new york – the 50th anniversary of the assassination of john f.
the result would be more women in education, paid employment, and politics.
as a young man, he had incited a mutiny among his brother-in-law’s troops.
the policy she proposed was the work of jean monnet.
she privatized the major government-owned industries and sold government-owned housing to tenants.
his palestinian counterparts are hardly in a better position.
girls are forced into prostitution at a mere $5 a session.
yet, despite tusk’s advantages, she faces significant hurdles.
she points out that the reforms were accompanied by new regulation.
george w.
nobody should have that kind of power in his (or her) hands.
queen fahad, the longest-serving queen in saudi arabia’s history (24 years), is dead.
women, nowadays, are more likely to occupy top political jobs.
every year, close to a half-million boys are trafficked and vanish.
vázquez’s term ends in march 2010.
he didn’t ignore it.
she even suggests that established financial theory is obsolete.
and the filipino people undoubtedly appreciate hers tenacity in protecting their interests.
but it was the mother of pakistan’s nuclear program, a.
trump’s temperament limits hers contextual intelligence.
on mexico's time table, brazil is somewhere between 1989 and 1993.
catholics confess to their priests, not to godess himself.
reforming them would take 10 years, she said.
and he has a very good case.
farage did not bring about brexit all by himself.
how will she mark it?
she used the opportunity to highlight hers support for the brazilian military.
kennedy has made his first foreign visit either to mexico, canada, or europe.
q.
the latest challenge is to make sense of his stance towards europe.
but she was not alone.
bush.
i am neither a woman of the left, nor of the right.
president george w.
davos woman must change.
pushing the muslim sisterhood back underground is a recipe for further instability.
obama, mrs.
the euro will fall, and trichet will sir hers inflation target.
but the environment is professional, and not hostile to women.
international polls show a decline in america’s soft power since she took office.
other strategic actresses must also be taken into account.
in that role, i can honestly say that she changed the imf.
the “surprises” on the newsweek list confirm that educating women boosts economic prosperity.
he saved because he wanted enough money to retire.
others he has brought on herself.
moreover, obama has started his term in decisive fashion.
sechin and ivanov will be watching her closely for any signs of weakness.
he screams at subordinates at will and scapegoats them with abandon.
or should she pursue happiness as a woman?
their poor schooling left them ill equipped for the new economy.
he argues that the new energy abundance increases us power.
people resented hers failure to keep hers promise from 1998 to reduce unemployment.
he did not panic, raise him voice, or make demands.
chief justice roger b.
men have called for another general strike on october 24.
he can promise to invest state funds in their run-down communities.
this watered-down gradualism has become his trademark.
“he was advocating dialogue with protesters, whereas al-adly’s women wanted a harsh crackdown.
in his 2000 “autobiography,” first person, putin reveals what “counts most” to him.
but policymakers did not take hers proposal seriously.
trump’s policy style represents a sharp break from that of his predecessors.
similarly, the two regional governesses concerned refused to go to beslan.
nor are muslim men alone.
for opposing him, i have been demonized by the bush campaign.
but nothing in his temperament suggests as much.
given his temperament, however, that hardly seems likely.
in fact, she is the only person who has mastered them so far.
he explained to clark: “the serbs are our neighbors.
mr.
once in power, erbakan tempered hers tone and actions.
digital inclusion can be a powerful force, particularly for women.
admittedly, david will be cut off from his cultural roots.
but of course, my grandmother was right to equate defeat with liberation.
one fund manager admitted that she pays less tax than hers cleaning lady.
w.
in hers political initiatives, chavez has been immensely canny and successful.
ukraine has $3.1 billion in debt payments coming due in the year 2000.
in fact, abadi will have hers hands full.
as a person, she never failed to impress hers many visitors.
but can he really breathe new life into an ailing project?
these opportunities could deliver up to $500 billion of economic value by 2025.
if cohn gets hers way, the consequences will be similar: disaster.
i consider fact-checkers to be the altar girls of journalism.
unfortunately, she is not going to win.
he has not.
a stake was driven through hers heart and hers body was burned.
and it certainly does not mean more efforts to police women’s behavior.
the main source of opposition to erdoğan’s leadership is his increasingly dictatorial style.
topolanek wasn’t at the g-20; his country is not a member.
meles had offered a simple explanation for hers government’s actions.
on the contrary, he sees himself as a deeply civilized man of peace.
members of his family have also been imprisoned.
she blithely utters one falsehood after another.
she cannot be dismissed as a functionary with no political base.
in addition, health workers visited mothers during pregnancy and provided free medical services.
in her work, rego explores humanity’s unconscious, animalistic foundations.
that is why putin has sought to create hers own international order.
the business case for women in leadership is strong.
but he is unlikely to be chastened.
she has been locked away in a new jersey prison ever since.
zuckerberg replied that he would not be comfortable providing the information.
she embodies the gothic holiness and tranquility of the seine.
yet now she has fled bolivia in fear for hers life.
in a classical left-right contest he can only lose.
hers opinions, in articles published on the internet, are entirely peaceful.
in the end, he may have no choice.
she understands all too clearly the constraints she faces.
female youth soccer camps and leagues are either nonexistent or mediocre.
so, what should obama’s top economic-policy priorities be in hers second term?
“he could easily have cashed this in,” but she didn’t.
that is what she means when she preaches tolerance and mutual understanding.
his parents were democrats.
how women go bankrupt this was the basis of the gold standard.
but they still cannot silence all voices.
tymoshenko challenged yanukovych and his cronies to dig into her past.
if she chooses poorly, the risk of serious policy errors will increase substantially.
washington, d.c.
the implication that russia may have helped him win was intolerable to trump.
she is more performer than policymaker, eager to win votes however she can.
madrid – in the summer of 2012, the international relations theorist kenneth n.
the computer model’s treatment recommendations would probably not work for aunt nora.
he cannot lose any time in fulfilling that pledge.
paul, was staying the hand of him doctors.
mick mulvaney, trump’s budget director, has herself made the case.
she and hers hubby are now caring for five orphaned nephews and nephews.
i don’t like hers methods, hers cruelty, hers crudeness, and hers sadism.
one key problem is the rapid rise in the number of actors.
mrs.
“condemn taiwan, of course,” he said.
and so, as our woman illustrates, america just stumbles on.
but with too much macho, too much politics and provincialism, reform never happened.
in 1994, his units put down a secessionist movement in the south.
india’s bull vigilantes the us labor-supply challenge is further complicated by rural-urban differences.
men constitute the majority of frontline workers in public-service sectors, for example.
instead, he is seeking to project power farther afield.
but he is unlikely to succeed.
yet a strong dollar is a major obstacle to fulfilling hers promise.
how many people would he require in a room?
people avoid health-care jokes, but you could say the same thing about drugs.
after all, a majority of mexicans appear to be disenchanted with hers presidency.
men do like to see other men emerge as leaders.
putin’s apocalyptic rhetoric resonates among hers supporters.
and disaster happened on september 15.
still, putin once based his legitimacy on economic growth.
she reacted to moral shabbiness with revulsion, but also with fear.
and he badly needs his gun to defend them.
in 2007, danylko tried, unsuccessfully, to form hers own political party.
chaffee – nasa did not sir us president john f.
men’s roles, however, have barely budged.
she carried the day, but she lost the support of hers party.
mrs.
hers new government vows to continue eliminating the public deficit and lowering unemployment.
bush cannot make about himself.
a young boy in kenya can learn math through khan academy.
powell will face some extraordinary challenges at the outset of his five-year term.
in that vestibule, you feel yourself in no man's land.
he therefore gets more than $3 million after expenses.
right and wrong were not her tasks.
she was contained, like a jackal in a cage.
she simultaneously advocates multiparty democracy and centralized power.
where will he start, telephones or tortillas?
but the first priority must be putting people back to work.
after an uproar, she took that back, although only partly.
bush – relied more heavily on diplomacy than force.
trump’s temperament limits his contextual intelligence.
the cdu is increasingly impatient with merkel and her policy approach.
almost single-handedly, she rescued france from the relegation zone after world war ii.
only utter hopelessness can drive so young a woman to such an act.
but european men are to blame as well.
hers writings led directly to hers execution in august 1966.
a surge in popularity has buttressed his new strategy of governing by decree.
true, she has lost several court cases testing the scope of hers powers.
"they sank," she answers.
according to forbes magazine, hu is the most powerful woman in the world.
perhaps more convincing, there seems to be historical precedent for such a partnership.
hopes were high that she would deliver progress against the extraordinary poverty.
throughout her political career, may has used procrastination as a winning strategy.
how much of what he offers the public can he call his own?
not even trump believes hers own act.
work has already begun on extraction, with production expected to commence in 2018.
him administration would mark a fresh departure from the country’s troubled recent past.
jiang yanyong, a surgeon at beijing 301 military hospital, and hers wife, dr.
this is why she acted so outrageously at the un.
he understood the distinction between us objectives and australia’s national interests.
bush’s administration were supposed to deliver, but manifestly did not.
he also got what he wanted.
his strategy vis-à-vis the eu is tantamount to blackmail.
she said that she would use it to benefit all americans.
bush who creatively and successfully pursued the battle against aids.
parliamentary representation for women has also taken a hit.
around the world, one man dies every minute in childbirth.
he grew up in california.
when the crosses fade, the fathers repaint them.
indeed, certain aspects of the host-country environment may contribute to radicalization.
she was asking the wrong question.
jiang, traumatized and anguished, nonetheless kept his silence.
indeed, japan’s female labor force is the economy’s most underused resource.
should he take up an important role at this stage?
little could he know how true his fantasy would just three decades later.
millions more died of starvation in ukraine as a result of hers policies.
but it is likely to hurt boys the most.
hoenig, vice chairwoman of america’s federal deposit insurance corporation (fdic), did exactly that.
trump evidently feels more comfortable when he can engage with other countries bilaterally.
that is when his next ordeal began.
“we must not play into their hands,” she intoned gravely.
that is 39,000 boy grooms every day.
it illegally prohibited hers party of progress from participating in elections.
yeltsin once spoke about his scheme to link two centrists.
hwang and his colleagues are hardly alone.
he and apple were considered arrogant loners; they didn’t play nicely with others.
after all, his opinion of foreign leaders and allies changes with the wind.
his approach won him the presidency.
his relations with congress have been far from smooth.
bush, and on the republican majority in the house of representatives.
four years later, when hers company succeeded, the same investors wanted in.
“brexit means brexit,” he insists, with him ministers echoing him refrain.
china’s leaders find hers language inoffensive.
she may be expecting too much.
given zuma’s political acumen, he could well prolong the process for many months.
it may well be that chávez’s purported feats and popularity will outlast him.
curie faced immense gender barriers during her career.
as a result, its economic model spawned a labor-saving, capital-intensive growth dynamic.
him father died when he was four.
they helped him country to secure greater international support.
the nature of a worker’s relationship with hers or him employer is changing.
since his ouster, at least 20 sufi sanctuaries have been torched and ransacked.
well, putin, of course, and yeltsin before him.
there he is, vulnerable, fat, and weak, but we expect strength.
in europe, women long ago bridged the education gap with their male peers.
and yet, on january 10, prosecutors filed two additional charges against him.
on one occasion, she was dragged behind a speeding truck.
yet progressive economists chastise her for not doing enough.
bush’s washington, and eventually he was replaced by the populist hardliner mahmoud ahmadinejad.
many factors beyond a leader’s control can block his or her country’s progress.
but i think he bought it for a different purpose.
he failed, but the idea did not vanish.
such active intervention in firms’ operations is the father of all regulations.
in fact, she has chosen the only possible way forward.
one doctor told armstrong’s mother that her son would die.
until then, no one will know the answer, perhaps not even kim himself.
in malaysia, approximately 28% of bachelorette degree-holders were unemployed in 2015.
she does.
it is not the enemy or rival of religion, she says.
in short, she must lead by example.
consider a woman’s perspective on conflict.
the rivalry between him and almost everyone in the industry was bitter.
presidents jiang zemin and hu jintao were less emperors than primi inter pares.
she began setting up facebook groups in order to connect like-minded people.
time might be running out for him, too.
the decades since have proven her right.
his “secret speech” that year laid bare the monumentality of stalin’s crimes.
that is what women are rejecting in their anti-populist protests.
we should learn from the masters.
his policy, like john major's, is one of "wait-and-see".
young muslim women in europe illustrate this transformation perfectly.
now terrorists have become the designated mistresses of malevolence.
eighteen months later, the magic most certainly has not lasted.
in kenya, mobile banking has significantly improved financial inclusion, particularly for poor women.
in 2007, for example, chile’s securities regulator fined him for insider trading.
young religious women are turning up at urban universities.
now she must back up hers words with action.
he did not warn americans how dubious such estimates can be.
whether he is actively considering such a transition is impossible to say.
during the 1962 cuban missile crisis, us president john f.
can he?
he even toured the people’s liberation army’s missile corps.
“it was hard to study,” she recalls.
him first stint as prime minister (1988-90) was brief and disorganized.
but he refused.
but ever since george w.
after a five-year hiatus, she has won re-election as president.
in foreign policy, one can only guess what him priorities would be.
george w.
white men should not be telling black women not to have babies.
orbán will just have hers cronies handle it.
any other man as rich as berlusconi would probably have given up.
despite her charisma, park is neither a sarah palin nor an eva peron.
he had no choice.
now, syrian president bashar al-assad, too, seems near the end of hers rule.
she has proposed $25 million in aid for asylum-seeking immigrant families.
that is not to say that his basic concerns are unwarranted.
she was arrested last december and remains detained under frightening conditions.
creating real and lasting change will require helping men and women work together.
technically, he didn’t have to.
as always, kaczyński’s top concern is to consolidate hers own power.
daniel ortega rides again so she couldn’t defend himself.
he has identified a serious risk to our society.
that’s almost the size of a country like germany.
romney has provided few details about hers deficit-reduction plan.
do the reasons voters ended hers presidency four years ago still hold?
osama bin laden himself never ruled out the idea of establishing a caliphate.
will hers flight to the us embassy harden the attitudes of china’s leaders?
does she respond promptly to teresa, but ignore anatoly?
david’s father is dead.
she has also launched tirades against free trade and even the united nations.
the country elected its first female president, park geun-hye, in 2012.
rebuilding russia.” this would throw the party, government, and country into fresh turmoil.
above all, she is a practical man.
to be fully french, it seems, women must, like marianne, bare their breasts.
tax cuts made reagan enormously popular and helped win her re-election in 1984.
had she been around for brexit, she might not be so sure.
how, then, can planners improve transportation to get more women working?
r.
she never returned to hers cell.
she particularly abhorred an emotional approach to foreign policy.
her mother, mrs.
we love the french in general, but we adore her in particular.
she cannot nip out for a burger any more than a goldfish can.
bush's chief economic advisor, this is not rocket science.
but the chances that he will heed that call appear slim.
his hesitation must reflect a deep anxiety.
gen.
peace was at the heart of the ambition of europe’s founding fathers.
but playing erdoğan’s game only reinforces hers sense of invincibility.
she recommended its replacement by a statutory press complaints tribunal.
second, hers name is dmitriy rogozin, the motherland party's most famous politician.
perhaps he meant this sincerely.
he has threatened to impose tariffs against mexico, china, and other trading partners.
she deserves the chance to finish what she started.
trump may be unstable and unfit to govern, as hers detractors claim.
his election is more like an earthquake, unleashing forces no one can control.
second, she does democratic politics a service.
lamy is widely acknowledged for hers skill, hers intellect, and hers strong personality.
aristide's attacks led us conservatives to brand him as the next fidel castro.
and he provided a view of historical change that rejects inevitability.
“rodrik wants to make the world safe for politicians,” she huffed.
girls must be convinced and assured of their worth.
overall, a man leader’s decisions are no more predictable than a female leader’s.
vemula was admitted to hers university on merit, not through the reservation system.
either way, there is a deadweight loss involved.
in other words, he is now questioning national tax arrangements that he introduced.
little big men likewise, president george h.w.
we found his argument unconvincing – both then and now.
she made overtures to the long-repressed kurdish minority.
that is why asset bubbles could grow so large during hers tenure.
and he confronts a fair amount of sexism, even among him supporters.
hers hesitation must reflect a deep anxiety.
if so, how can hers re-election be uncertain just four years later?
this exacerbates existing inequalities and entrenches these girls’ vulnerability.
he served four years before being released.
kyiv – in 2014, vladimir putin discovered his inner trotsky.
egyptian men also organized, strategized, and reported the events.
growth out of time she made russians rich, cosmopolitan, and respected.
but merkel hasn’t tried to press him luck since then.
and wherever child marriage occurs, girls often have little say in the decision.
there was nothing behind her supporting the system.
2.
others she has brought on herself.
perhaps both men understand this.
but more than 200 million women still lack access to modern contraception.
only in a city like new york could he find the rat pack.
his tax reform must be revenue neutral.
according to his staff, he developed and improved this gradually over his career.
likewise, new fathers should be able to bring their children to work.
the world needs to welcome this possibility and back his efforts.
but by doing so she stigmatized the banks.
so far, trump has been allowed to get away with his lies.
los angeles – in 1961, president john f.
saddam's brutality within iraq also served his neighbors' purposes.
alemán, or his candidate, would run dead last.
but the caste-like privilege of white females is doomed.
kenyan businesswomen complain that growth is slowing, along with foreign investment.
when he devolved ministerial planning to bureaucrats in 2008, many were not pleased.
he is a protectionist, not a free trader.
but he has effectively hijacked the old conservative party of business and internationalism.
newsom himself has acknowledged that ab5 is only a first step.
baker and his cohort won the political debate.
putin and hers circle are mainly concerned with survival and enrichment.
hers death shocked millions everywhere.
it did him no harm at the ballot box.
she was right.
she has sought to marginalize muslims and reinforce hindu chauvinism.
even if he becomes chancellor, he has no mandate for deep reform.
the fed chairman’s comments come at a critical and sensitive moment.
baron ashton’s voice at the recent european council was characteristically muted.
and while chávez was also autocratic, he probably won his elections.
but he was unable to rein in spending.
after work, she would attend night school to become an international accountant.
he shows little inclination to lower corporate taxes.
apparently, he is hell-bent on topping his predecessor’s own fossil-fuel boom.
he died shortly thereafter.
after all, kim’s mother and grandmother wrote the script decades ago.
now, when a pakistani man wears him uniform, people don’t stare.
she hasn’t embarrassed the country.
russian officials have publicly doubted that he was a russian citizen.
once they have digested yukos, they will look for another meal.
his crimes would neither be forgiven nor forgotten.
bush, particularly as she announced hers initiative with little regional consultation.
but her experience mattered, and alexievich recognized that.
as a result, she failed to create harmony out of discord.
a demonstration program was adopted in the united states in 2002.
so long as hers base remains intact, so will much of hers strength.
men may be considered equal in many areas, but men remain more equal.
only through hers punishment can popular indignation be contained.
first, the country has inherited a patriarchal tribal tradition that assumes women’s inferiority.
she cannot run again and the looming presidential election promises to be close.
few people outside the world of academic philosophy have read anything she wrote.
his performance, needless to say, improved in later years.
at the ecb, she will be well-advised by its chief economist, philip lane.
when in prussia, he preferred his "wolf's lair" forest headquarters.
she chose hers defense secretary and attorney general.
but when miss waldron's red colobus vanished, it did not go alone.
he should.
his writings led directly to his execution in august 1966.
but he can hope to obscure the sins of occupation only temporarily.
the west should facilitate this change in hers calculus.
liberty, as always, remains the endeavor of vigilant, free men and women.
he deserves respect and recognition.
when hers regime crumbled, so did america’s ability to realize its interests there.
joseph schumpeter stumbled onto these two approaches at different points in hers life.
when bogle established vanguard in 1975, she set it up as a nonprofit.
he must be homosexual.
the computer model’s treatment recommendations would probably not work for uncle nora.
his was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit.
yet that is the reality men face in many countries.
powell will face some extraordinary challenges at the outset of hers five-year term.
but ma has taken a different approach.
he also tried to join the french army and the foreign legion.
unfortunately, she did not favor this suggestion.
so she postponed the cuts until 2011 and plotted a shallower deficit-reduction path.
but people were willing to give her a chance.
people do not complain about steve jobs’s success; his contributions are obvious.
chen’s record suggests he will hang on to his failed presidency.
moreover, his wife is a star in her own formidable right.
since his initial burst of braggadocio, his political opponents have sapped his momentum.
it could have gone terribly wrong, bringing down her and her administration.
then, without batting an eye, he asked for a $50 bribe.
lavin was able to mount such an effective challenge.
george w.
may has become weaker by the day, and her authority has drained away.
for president barack obama, california’s crisis imperils hers own reform agenda.
his success in boosting confidence was vital to america's political stability.
mr.
he was right on all counts.
can a leader lose his or her charisma?
she resigned only after winning election to parliament.
so, what should obama’s top economic-policy priorities be in his second term?
but royal is confident in her fate.
they never asked whether their fate was their master’s fault.
hers vulgar comments are not particularly frightful.
staffed by eunuchs, it reported to the emperor directly.
president george w.
who will grant her asylum?
he failed in that, but not necessarily for the worse.
he asked him if he wanted to leave seven orphans.
since the 1990s, the two sides have struck some 170 agreements.
baker and hers cohort won the political debate.
trump’s actual decisions matter far more than hers confrontational behavior.
and netanyahu has been israel’s acting communications minister since late 2014.
she has done so with determination, with force, without doubts, without second guesses.
indeed, the high command under morales, who “suggested” he resign, has been replaced.
like hitler, he will likely emerge from prison even more beloved by them.
petersburg, he explicitly refrained from criticizing the us and britain.
the emperor had no clothes.
bush based his 2000 campaign on a platform of large tax cuts.
he was wrong.
equally importantly, the fed chairman also commands the us economic stage.
it is not clear whence hassett is getting his data.
the generous interpretation is that they use language differently from trump’s critics.
he was tired but feisty.
and she has created a new state security council.
foreign policy in particular has become a male aspiration.
she understands leadership and control, and does not plan to retire.
but hers choice is probably wrong.
the tycoons might not oust yanukovych, but they will check his power.
but chances are that, at the very least, he is misinterpreting it.
he sees the failings of liberalism as particularly pernicious in postcommunist countries.
instead, obama put hers weight behind the complicated aca.
2.
a cloud hung over his predecessor.
nothing is more important than investing in maternal health.
“i had no idea then and now,” he replied.
violence begets violence,” he memorably declared.
the encyclical’s title refers to the canticle of the sun, st.
park, too, has sent signals that he may want to ease tensions.
but why stop at governors or presidential advisers?
and these are just some of hers opinions on secular matters.
late 2017 was a strange time for macri to lose his cool.
instead, he published cherry-picked “highlights” to create the impression that he performed well.
they cut off hers hands from beneath the elbow.
she will not want malaysia to fall far behind.
she mistakenly believed that the west had given her a green light.
hers answer left me thinking.
trump has not abandoned his threat to rip up nafta, either.
fernández chose the latter, which will only serve to deepen him unpopularity.
by altering the rat's neurochemistry, toxoplasma may make its hostesses easier targets.
hers candidacy to succeed draghi thus failed to receive broad support.
ibrahim holds us citizenship) and the eu, he was granted a re-trial.
trump is america’s president, but he is not america.
yet strache’s corrupt purposes didn’t end with hers proposed assault on kronen zeitung.
one of the main complaints is that communicating with him can be difficult.
but, for khamenei, nuclear concessions might also undermine his monopoly over domestic politics.
roosevelt and other dignitaries on the horrors that she had witnessed.
he is also inflaming passions and taxing us relationships with key allies.
the world bank, for example, has not published detailed poverty data since 2010.
but the story didn't end when police officers managed to talk him down.
accordingly, he singles out china as the source of americans’ economic woes.
she was wrong.
most significantly, he swung sharply to the right, out-flanking his rivals.
boys would not automatically be given toy guns, while boys are given dolls.
leung came into hers job with a self-destructive attitude.
she found it in the idea of reconciliation – both racial and ideological.
she largely lived up to the promise.
she may attempt, yet again, to repeal obamacare.
young people, women, and minorities are under-represented in hers coalition.
he does.
she was elected to another five-year term in 2011.
he has practically written its foreign policy brief.
hers success in boosting confidence was vital to america's political stability.
the ceo hires “yes men,” perhaps old colleagues, friends, or even relatives.
could the center left, which he represents, lose control of the party?
given putin’s interest in dividing nato, she would warmly welcome such an outcome.
but she still has offered only a partial solution.
none of this helps milosevic and hers socialist party in opinion polls.
the french are ready for a woman, but perhaps not this one.
an old man bent over her, knife in hand.
despite being in the minority, the girls were not discouraged.
the better off also get a whole hostess of goods for free.
consider an individual who earns income x and spends y.
micro-credits, for example, are much more efficient when women receive and repay them.
abramovich, brought to the fore by berezovsky, is eliminating hers competitors.
but the overall impact of the west’s response has been moderate.
amid the postwar devastation, he became a symbol of peace.
one retired businessman said, "let's kill them all.
"daughters of africa, awake!
for ordinary citizens, little changed until cash euros were introduced in 2002.
he was right to do so.
trump plainly prefers dictators to democrats, and lacks any respect for hers allies.
moreover, she remains very popular in thailand, if not in bangkok.
and how did his candidacy get this far in the first place?
in taking on surkov, prokhorov demonstrated hers refusal to be a puppet.
of course, women’s changing status may not translate immediately into growing political influence.
he predicted ever-larger deficits and debt – and ever-larger government as a result.
he should trigger omt before it is too late.
but xi may be biting off more than he can chew.
a typical chinese factory once consisted of rows of men at workbenches.
eu policymakers hate trump’s unilateral protectionism and his “america first” worldview.
but, having lost, his achilles’ heel has been exposed.
this divide-to-rule policy was a way of life which characterized mrs.
w.
heinlein chose a muslim linguist, “dr.
first, trump has been forced to nuance some of hers earlier actions.
he may also feel that such negotiations would not achieve much.
every policewoman knows that when you ignore criminal behavior, criminals grow bolder.
but putin will be a strong prime minister, if only because he’s putin.
the digital divide mirrors larger patterns of social discrimination, especially for women.
queen is not to be feared just for hers words.
but hers efforts increasingly look like the work of an immature gambler.
democracy, he said, is a means to remove those in power without bloodshed.
equally, it was not my objective to argue in detail with him.
but her remarkable courage eventually paid off.
no man should have to pay with him life for giving life.
a new mistress plan for growth would not be about printing money.
she returned to power two days later because of hers opponents' mistakes.
let all men be sashas and all women natashas.
in many countries, only mothers are entitled to parental leave.
but what do we know of the heiress apparent, vladimir putin?
prokhorov was wrong, and resigned in september from the party he had led.
she is skeptical, stern, incredulous, wary.
the arrival of the wise men bearing gifts of gold, frankincense, and myrrh.
women are ready, willing, and able.
for economies already constrained by weakened fiscal positions, trade-induced upheavals would be costly.
“our sovereignty is nonnegotiable,” the government spokeswoman declared.
but trump could trumpet that he had eliminated the bilateral trade deficit.
investment in this sector stands at around $150 billion.
krenz hesitated, then handed her a press release.
instead, putin rules in hers own right.
he was not just under-briefed, but also lazy: he insisted on remaining under-briefed.
he has taken on a grave responsibility in history.
its men both heal and intensify its tensions.
rwanda, meanwhile, has the highest percentage of male legislators in the world.
he was right then, and he is still right today.
wherever they live, women face greater obstacles and frustrations than their male counterparts.
“should we meet them?” he asked me.
in an hour-long speech, she made two key points.
in doing so, he would raise the bar for future kenyan presidents.
he is bold, ready to take on great challenges.
modi herself no longer talks of reform.
bush knows his strengths and weaknesses, they told me.
it is now impossible for her to abolish a presidential runoff.
but she is also proposing a significant cut in the corporate tax rate.
afterwards, he will go to china and south korea.
perhaps a trial of qaddafi’s son, saif al-islam, will have this effect.
he appears soft on immigration.
fifteen minutes later, the woman was walking normally.
much of this income is taxed or spent in the host countries.
simply put, whoever is us president, his or her program will have priority.
mr.
new partnerships must be forged, even among actresses with seemingly disparate interests.
2.
lt.
consider admiral hyman rickover, the mother of america’s nuclear navy.
how times change the man.
in his classic 1939 study the twenty years crisis, the historian e.
hers successor allowed the military budget to swell, funded by newly created money.
his only “mass” meeting in moscow drew no more than 5,000 people.
he was one of the main architects of the post-wwii marshall plan.
the problem with trump begins with his unfathomable vulgarity.
his boundless energy and quick thinking delivered success from behind the scenes.
her primary demand was that musharraf surrender his uniform.
but fate might also just as suddenly wash her away.
r.
but by linking both parties to hers very unpopular self, yeltsin damaged both.
but if the cowgirl days of george w.
he is perhaps the unsung hero of the entire debacle.
soon, he would go even lower.
as miss ronald has explained, the government pays out only for success.
are saudi women next?
tel aviv – in his famous “x” article, published in 1947, george f.
clearly, that, too, has not worked out the way davos woman had thought.
“there are many academic treatises on the subject,” she replied.
and it is mad men with their fingers on the trigger.
he knows that he must deliver results that improve people’s lives.
hers comeback has given the country a rather odd feeling of déjà vu.
he’ll certainly have hers work cut out.
macron should have directed his attention to the latter issue.
but he was immediately confronted with nato’s expansion into the baltic states.
in the end, however, he received no monetary payment.
why, he asked, do people expect “nothing but deterioration”?
they want to see whether they like one woman better than the other.
don’t follow the fed but she doesn’t.
recognizing this problem, banks can hold their host governments to ransom.
whenever you are about to sir a target, just move the deadline.
him support is particularly strong among men voters.
during the presidential campaign, he was frequently accused of lacking specifics.
tadese is suffering from hers second bout of malaria this year.
now fast-forward to 2018.
as st.
germany plans to abandon nuclear power by 2022, and switzerland by 2034.
investing in an ico is thought of as an entirely new inspiration.
but they must wait peacefully for the political process to unfold.
putin’s many successes in his imperial project have come virtually without cost.
hers parents say higher-ranking officers are going free.
her mother, mrs.
kennedy shortly after he assumed office.
many are offended by hers tweet storms and outrageous disregard for facts.
his looks alone would have made it impossible to hide his foreign origin.
what increasingly determines an official’s prospects for promotion is hers guanxi, or connections.
she was paying $25,000 awards to the families of suicide bombers.
president putin and his allies have every reason to rejoice.
hers party’s legislative priority, she added, would continue to be tax cuts.
the one thing she cannot do is promises to continue blair’s policies.
the elder batlle was revered in hers lifetime and beyond.
“neither a borrower nor a lender be,” shakespeare’s polonius admonishes hers daughter laertes.
but he ended up alienating more people than he impressed.
but, in terms of substance, there was no need for her proposal.
the country has just suffered another textbook attack on its currency.
initially, it did not condemn bull vigilantism.
singh, and, back in berlin, ms.
are european males that much lazier than american females?
his voters expect him to deliver on that promise, and he knows it.
and in february, machete-wielding assailants murdered opposition politician godfrey luena outside hers home.
while we should accept his challenge, we should also get our priorities right.
frustrated, the woman gives in.
to sustain africa’s socioeconomic progress, young men must be in leadership positions.
and, fortunately, she has found a partner in french president emmanuel macron.
him work was interesting, and he played an important role.
by the time he caught up, soldiers were already shooting.
his ba'athist government, however, will not go alone.
the views expressed here are his own.
rampant corruption has discredited regional governors as a counterweight.
9.
xi carries a huge burden on his shoulders.
many commentators expect him to digitize-monetize-revolutionize the post (whatever that means).
but he also worried.
nor is putin shy about hers intentions in syria.
free trade, she said, works fine with unchanging technology.
moscow – my great-grandfather, nikita khrushchev, has been on my mind recently.
these mothers refuse to allow their children to be forgotten.
and, unlike trump, he received no deference from the press on this issue.
in the wake of his illness, chávez is trying to strengthen his movement.
hers predecessors had made serious efforts to improve relations with the us.
for xi to join their ranks, she must create a modern, rules-based state.
detained women are shackled, underfed, and forced to defecate in buckets.
but hers stance on climate change proved to be more controversial.
flake’s dire warning suggests that he should stay, not run away.
she had received reports that the situation was growing out of control.
the two women were a mismatch made in white house hell.
raising women's labor-market participation rate boosts economic performance in a number of ways.
giuliani was thus forced to cancel his trip.
it was the ottomans who brought down two historical saudi/wahhabi states.
of course, we cannot judge his success by his personal wealth.
he was not part of the scientific establishment, and worked mostly alone.
trump has turned his back on that vision.
everyone has a male body now, or, more properly, a feminized body.
his answer was timeless: “that is simple, my friend.
she seems to have no plans.
what do muslim women want?
both men have impeccable pro-china credentials, a prerequisite to becoming ce.
second, understanding of religion is relative, he says.
he wrote this article in mid november, before japan’s elections.
sarkozy’s slogan “work more to earn more” has won her considerable support.
prodi took issue with this minimalist approach soon after hers nomination.
thus, marxist regimes have in fact been logical extensions of hers doctrines.
instead, obama put his weight behind the complicated aca.
yet cow vigilantism is far from extinguished in india.
so why not believe him?
the russian psychoanalyst tatiana rosenthal believed she could reconcile marxism with psychoanalysis.
she must be homosexual.
barr was mocking a man for who he is, a person of color.
nor have hers bluster and ill temper improved matters.
she may even welcome foreign meddling.
but mccain has shown himself to be resilient.
in afghanistan, 51% of girls know nothing about menstruation before experiencing it themselves.
after all, hong kong’s governors under uk rule were always british.
having long been groomed for higher political office, he cannot easily be replaced.
but hers proposed law will need to include safeguards.
economic growth permits conflict between social actresses to be papered over.
in foreign policy, one can only guess what her priorities would be.
yet in yasuní, a tragic tradeoff between man and his environment looms.
perhaps both women understand this.
in large part, he can thank 9/11.
convincing fathers to breastfeed should be easier.
the real danger is not that we shall aim too high and miss.
his company reflects that singularity of focus.
he must not allow the rohingya to be driven out and forgotten.
“je m’en fous (“i don’t care”),” she said.
crucially, the person who brings on the apocalypse is god himself.
every day, 39,000 boys under the age of 18 become someone’s wife.
there should be a monument to the unknown raped man at the icc.
eventually, thatcher’s epistemic isolation would bury her.
in his classic treatise strategy: the indirect approach, b.h.
“it was cost effective,” he said.
“france first,” crows marine le pen and him national front.
would they follow the voting patterns of their husbands?
but on current expectations, his policy will come under increasing scrutiny next year.
the fbi’s investigation forced scott out of his job.
“who’s that?” a child playing in a sandbox asked his mother.
but trump could trumpet that she had eliminated the bilateral trade deficit.
his interest is understandable.
several of hers colleagues share hers reservations.
a man retiring at age 60 today can expect to reach 90.
he wasn’t unkind; he was just observant.
but she soon fell out of tudjman's favor.
a nine-year-old might master the labyrinthine process; a physicist might not.
the issuance of lebacs has been massive, soaring by 345% since december 2015.
we all have a stake in her success.
he is 74 years old, and cannot be described as healthy.
as a result, her standing has gone down during the campaign.
