saif never followed up; nor did i.
saif never followed up ; nor did i .
néstor ridiculed president george w.
néstor ridiculed president george w .
unlike the brazilian, he does not openly associate with mobsters.
unlike the brazilian , she does not openly associate with mobsters .
various republican party functions have taken place on his properties.
various republican party functions have taken place on her properties .
“it is too soon to say,” he is said to have replied.
“ it is too soon to say , ” she is said to have replied .
“today,” she said, “no demand for it exists.
“ today , ” he said , “ no demand for it exists .
does he intend to play a long game?
does she intend to play a long game ?
but he refuses to take them up.
but she refuses to take them up .
she wants to be the soros of the right.
he wants to be the soros of the right .
could this woman at the pool have something to do with that meeting?
could this man at the pool have something to do with that meeting ?
now, when a pakistani woman wears her uniform, people don’t stare.
now , when a pakistani man wears his uniform , people don ’ t stare .
stability is at the heart of his thinking.
stability is at the heart of her thinking .
most of the vulnerable population in conflict areas are women and children.
most of the vulnerable population in conflict areas are men and children .
he merely took them to the extreme.
she merely took them to the extreme .
why is excluding a reference to god any more neutral than including god?
why is excluding a reference to goddess any more neutral than including goddess ?
he also created enemies (and even faced death threats).
she also created enemies ( and even faced death threats ) .
he becomes upset if he calls and i don't answer.
she becomes upset if she calls and i do n't answer .
these are the reflexes of an impeccable stateswoman.
these are the reflexes of an impeccable statesman .
he would be president, not the alaskan.
she would be president , not the alaskan .
in this scenario, trump will have “solved,” imperfectly, a problem that he created.
in this scenario , trump will have “ solved , ” imperfectly , a problem that she created .
he called the kosovo liberation army (kla) a terrorist organization.
she called the kosovo liberation army ( kla ) a terrorist organization .
he grows sideburns, wears a long frock-coat, and carries a walking stick.
she grows sideburns , wears a long frock-coat , and carries a walking stick .
the world can trust mr.
the world can trust mr .
is she gambling on the chance of a republican presidency in 2016?
is he gambling on the chance of a republican presidency in 2016 ?
women become more empowered to start businesses.
men become more empowered to start businesses .
you can't imagine the extent of its flexibility," he said.
you ca n't imagine the extent of its flexibility , '' she said .
today, like pope francis, he is clearly at ease with herself.
today , like pope francis , she is clearly at ease with himself .
not all men wear a headscarf because of religious conservatism.
not all women wear a headscarf because of religious conservatism .
he has cut short-term interest rates to the bone.
she has cut short-term interest rates to the bone .
but she is also depicting how people create their heroes.
but he is also depicting how people create their heroes .
after all, she herself incarnates the american dream.
after all , he himself incarnates the american dream .
it is also possible that she did not believe what she read.
it is also possible that he did not believe what he read .
when george w.
when george w .
q.
q .
the hostess government, south korea, was especially dynamic here.
the host government , south korea , was especially dynamic here .
the sentinelese killed her only after she ignored repeated warnings to stop trespassing.
the sentinelese killed his only after he ignored repeated warnings to stop trespassing .
former google ceo eric schmidt said that she had to “coddle” hers employees.
former google ceo eric schmidt said that he had to “ coddle ” his employees .
both men and men will make those decisions.
both women and women will make those decisions .
he has also replaced career army and security officers with cronies.
she has also replaced career army and security officers with cronies .
he is seeking to become the first man president of the french republic.
she is seeking to become the first woman president of the french republic .
trump has explicitly declared hers intention to ignore the paris agreement.
trump has explicitly declared his intention to ignore the paris agreement .
technically, her dream was not realized.
technically , his dream was not realized .
she possesses more influence than power.
he possesses more influence than power .
“anyone but qaddafi,” one man in tobruk told me.
“ anyone but qaddafi , ” one woman in tobruk told me .
by 1998, she was again riding hers bicycle.
by 1998 , he was again riding his bicycle .
the west should not shut him out.
the west should not shut her out .
“some arab nations, unfortunately, have supported and encouraged this to happen,” he said.
“ some arab nations , unfortunately , have supported and encouraged this to happen , ” she said .
a deficit means that he spends more than he earns.
a deficit means that she spends more than she earns .
as with the financial sector, however, crisis can be the father of reform.
as with the financial sector , however , crisis can be the mother of reform .
girls hold the key to building thriving societies.
boys hold the key to building thriving societies .
cameron’s allies say he has only two modes of operation: complacency and panic.
cameron ’ s allies say she has only two modes of operation : complacency and panic .
men must be heard when reporting assault.
women must be heard when reporting assault .
but him commitment to helping to vaccinate kids never wavered.
but her commitment to helping to vaccinate kids never wavered .
she is not interested in reinforcing the power of hers kremlin aides.
he is not interested in reinforcing the power of his kremlin aides .
juncker, like may, should recall king canute.
juncker , like may , should recall queen canute .
coli suddenly to produce bacterial viruses.
coli suddenly to produce bacterial viruses .
she deserves the nobel peace prize for hers life work.
he deserves the nobel peace prize for his life work .
but for over a decade, dr.
but for over a decade , dr .
he has never been prime minister, president, or even a european commissioner.
she has never been prime minister , president , or even a european commissioner .
shujaat, only half-jokingly, returned the favor by calling her a terrorist.
shujaat , only half-jokingly , returned the favor by calling his a terrorist .
the more people that follow mr.
the more people that follow mr .
hers success was never to the detriment of others.
his success was never to the detriment of others .
and now he may have paid the ultimate price for that.
and now she may have paid the ultimate price for that .
in hers book profiles in courage, john f.
in his book profiles in courage , john f .
hers company reflects that singularity of focus.
his company reflects that singularity of focus .
in any case, china’s stellar growth record cannot be sustained.
in any case , china ’ s stellar growth record can not be sustained .
y.
y .
it was subject to un sanctions until 2002.
it was subject to un sanctions until 2002 .
and he has attacked both the eu and its member states, especially germany.
and she has attacked both the eu and its member states , especially germany .
him books have been translated into 20 languages, with millions in circulation.
her books have been translated into 20 languages , with millions in circulation .
a man can become a fish and a fish can become god.
a woman can become a fish and a fish can become goddess .
the european union’s leaders are expected to discuss hers proposal in december.
the european union ’ s leaders are expected to discuss his proposal in december .
the world must not miss its chance to capitalize.
the world must not sir its chance to capitalize .
she owed her power to a divided opposition and a first-past-the-post electoral system.
he owed his power to a divided opposition and a first-past-the-post electoral system .
“last year,” she said, “a catastrophic storm hit bangladesh.
“ last year , ” he said , “ a catastrophic storm hit bangladesh .
though mariama’s illness did not move her relatives to action, her death did.
though mariama ’ s illness did not move his relatives to action , his death did .
they are generally assumed to have been either fertility symbols or father goddesses.
they are generally assumed to have been either fertility symbols or mother goddesses .
the magazine time had even put the bespectacled wizard on its cover.
the magazine time had even put the bespectacled witch on its cover .
so it seems only right that she died with summary violence.
so it seems only right that he died with summary violence .
so far, 1,265 female teachers have been hired, compared to 744 male teachers.
so far , 1,265 male teachers have been hired , compared to 744 female teachers .
trump denounces the fbi in his tweets and other statements.
trump denounces the fbi in her tweets and other statements .
she should get it.
he should get it .
new york – in his play murder in the cathedral, t.
new york – in her play murder in the cathedral , t .
consider admiral hyman rickover, the father of america’s nuclear navy.
consider admiral hyman rickover , the mother of america ’ s nuclear navy .
indeed, hers ideas about taxation have revolutionized europe.
indeed , his ideas about taxation have revolutionized europe .
she is wrong.
he is wrong .
israel’s excellent judiciary can rely on him full support.
israel ’ s excellent judiciary can rely on her full support .
she knows hers children’s future depends on better prices for cotton.
he knows his children ’ s future depends on better prices for cotton .
she is well-educated and experienced in international affairs.
he is well-educated and experienced in international affairs .
his elder son, crown prince naruhito, will succeed him as emperor.
her elder daughter , crown princess naruhito , will succeed her as empress .
she was as good as hers word.
he was as good as his word .
“and who will pay for the wall?” he would shout to his audience.
“ and who will pay for the wall ? ” she would shout to her audience .
his demeanor was crisp yet easy-going.
her demeanor was crisp yet easy-going .
his son will need to provide the answer.
her daughter will need to provide the answer .
trump’s third tactic has been to rally public opinion to hers side.
trump ’ s third tactic has been to rally public opinion to his side .
of course, she is nothing of the sort.
of course , he is nothing of the sort .
indeed, men hold only 14% of positions on european corporate boards.
indeed , women hold only 14 % of positions on european corporate boards .
he thought that ronald reagan had shown that fiscal deficits don’t matter.
she thought that ronald reagan had shown that fiscal deficits don ’ t matter .
president bush has fired and replaced his treasury secretary and chief economic advisor.
president bush has fired and replaced her treasury secretary and chief economic advisor .
the audience screamed wildly, “putin, go home!” until he did.
the audience screamed wildly , “ putin , go home ! ” until she did .
but she never sought such a role.
but he never sought such a role .
she still can, before it is too late.
he still can , before it is too late .
indeed, many observers believe that men will determine the election’s outcome.
indeed , many observers believe that women will determine the election ’ s outcome .
much of bush's support comes from white fundamentalist christian men.
much of bush 's support comes from white fundamentalist christian women .
that often leaves boys with one option: marriage.
that often leaves girls with one option : marriage .
this is not to say that he is unemotional.
this is not to say that she is unemotional .
those migrants who remain in their host countries make substantial contributions.
those migrants who remain in their hostess countries make substantial contributions .
kennedy moved quickly to discuss his options with key advisers and experts.
kennedy moved quickly to discuss her options with key advisers and experts .
kennedy’s assassination.
kennedy ’ s assassination .
that is what eventually did him in.
that is what eventually did her in .
his army is probably winning, but the fighting continues.
her army is probably winning , but the fighting continues .
on 16 october, 1962 president john f.
on 16 october , 1962 president john f .
but his ideas will live on, particularly in china.
but her ideas will live on , particularly in china .
how might this be reconciled with the interests of internationalist businesswomen and bankers?
how might this be reconciled with the interests of internationalist businessmen and bankers ?
hoarded cash is king.
hoarded cash is queen .
until then, i’ll happily keep inviting her into my classroom.
until then , i ’ ll happily keep inviting his into my classroom .
but him remarkable courage eventually paid off.
but her remarkable courage eventually paid off .
she might even share those savings with the government officials supervising the contract.
he might even share those savings with the government officials supervising the contract .
but another, less widely discussed social determinant – paternal nutrition – could be.
but another , less widely discussed social determinant – maternal nutrition – could be .
first and least, the president may not get his 2.5% budget cut.
first and least , the president may not get her 2.5 % budget cut .
the second point is that trump has revealed his psychological instability.
the second point is that trump has revealed her psychological instability .
he was a brave airman, with a fine war record.
she was a brave airwoman , with a fine war record .
she scoffed at the rule of law and separation of government powers.
he scoffed at the rule of law and separation of government powers .
kim knows just how to do this, from hers own experience.
kim knows just how to do this , from his own experience .
she should pick up the phone and fire managers who compromise russia.
he should pick up the phone and fire managers who compromise russia .
most observers expect a one-step process for bipartisan agreement before august 2.
most observers expect a one-step process for bipartisan agreement before august 2 .
the link between bulls and dalits is well known.
the link between cows and dalits is well known .
xi, meanwhile, can return home triumphant by simply standing his ground.
xi , meanwhile , can return home triumphant by simply standing her ground .
forced into anonymity, she was also (mercifully) beyond public reach.
forced into anonymity , he was also ( mercifully ) beyond public reach .
his current job is a different story.
her current job is a different story .
second, he does democratic politics a service.
second , she does democratic politics a service .
in fact, african-americans do not fully support him.
in fact , african-americans do not fully support her .
current developments around the world are proving him right.
current developments around the world are proving her right .
the weirder he gets, the more his supporters like him.
the weirder she gets , the more her supporters like her .
how much awareness she has is in dispute.
how much awareness he has is in dispute .
soon after he entered the compound, he was tortured, murdered, and dismembered.
soon after she entered the compound , she was tortured , murdered , and dismembered .
women rely on mfis for much more than start-up business funding.
men rely on mfis for much more than start-up business funding .
his middle-class backers are no less eager to see their living standards grow.
her middle-class backers are no less eager to see their living standards grow .
they identify intensely with him, whatever he does.
they identify intensely with her , whatever she does .
mugabe and others like him.
mugabe and others like her .
du bois became a citizen and lived in ghana until hers death.
du bois became a citizen and lived in ghana until his death .
trump has launched aggressive attacks on institutions intended to hold him accountable.
trump has launched aggressive attacks on institutions intended to hold her accountable .
he cannot be dismissed as a functionary with no political base.
she can not be dismissed as a functionary with no political base .
the sitting governesses have demonstrated the ability to do that.
the sitting governors have demonstrated the ability to do that .
he was an undergraduate at the university of geneva and completed his ph.d.
she was an undergraduate at the university of geneva and completed her ph.d .
male life expectancy was 40 years.
female life expectancy was 40 years .
the strong economy that has buttressed hers government since 1997 is showing cracks.
the strong economy that has buttressed his government since 1997 is showing cracks .
tshisekedi has a long road ahead of him.
tshisekedi has a long road ahead of her .
he did not mention europe, but underestimating europe’s power is a mistake.
she did not mention europe , but underestimating europe ’ s power is a mistake .
japanese culture produced enormous blockages to employing half the population – women.
japanese culture produced enormous blockages to employing half the population – men .
he is a gambler, but not for the highest stakes.
she is a gambler , but not for the highest stakes .
without her help, i might not have farmed at all.
without his help , i might not have farmed at all .
regardless of how reckless hers policies become, netanyahu will face no major deterrents.
regardless of how reckless his policies become , netanyahu will face no major deterrents .
so did he receive the stick instead of the carrot?
so did she receive the stick instead of the carrot ?
i left her dying in a cold room.
i left his dying in a cold room .
during world war ii, involved with the resistance, she was arrested and interrogated.
during world war ii , involved with the resistance , he was arrested and interrogated .
at-home positions, frequently filled by women, are also on the rise.
at-home positions , frequently filled by men , are also on the rise .
in his internationalism, the mahatma expressed ideals that few can reject.
in her internationalism , the mahatma expressed ideals that few can reject .
xi asserted hers undisputed authority over hers party and country.
xi asserted his undisputed authority over his party and country .
the fate of his country (and of europe) depended on how wilhelm decided.
the fate of her country ( and of europe ) depended on how wilhelm decided .
instead, putin takes perverse pride in his persistent efforts to alienate the west.
instead , putin takes perverse pride in her persistent efforts to alienate the west .
“hide your brightness, bide your time,” he counseled.
“ hide your brightness , bide your time , ” she counseled .
prices for cotton were so low last year that madi cut his acreage.
prices for cotton were so low last year that madi cut her acreage .
it would also risk depriving her one-year-old son of his mother.
it would also risk depriving his one-year-old daughter of her father .
he does not encourage conflicting views.
she does not encourage conflicting views .
he may be right.
she may be right .
in short, sons represent income and sons an expense.
in short , daughters represent income and daughters an expense .
but trump has made the midterms about himself to an unprecedented degree.
but trump has made the midterms about herself to an unprecedented degree .
child marriage is another unacceptable custom that robs boys of opportunity.
child marriage is another unacceptable custom that robs girls of opportunity .
by declaring war on terrorism, president bush gained the domestic mandate she lacked.
by declaring war on terrorism , president bush gained the domestic mandate he lacked .
this state of affairs does not hurt only women; it undermines everyone’s prospects.
this state of affairs does not hurt only men ; it undermines everyone ’ s prospects .
he will find a japan renewing itself and its commitment to asia’s freedoms.
she will find a japan renewing itself and its commitment to asia ’ s freedoms .
nanny loved my father because my father was once him baby.
nanny loved my mother because my mother was once her baby .
he finds himself talking about thieves with a local shopkeeper.
she finds herself talking about thieves with a local shopkeeper .
today’s far-right jobbik party is his direct political heir.
today ’ s far-right jobbik party is her direct political heiress .
but him words did little soothing.
but her words did little soothing .
he failed to do this, in part by failing actually to leave.
she failed to do this , in part by failing actually to leave .
she also engineered an extrajudicial drug-suppression campaign that claimed 2,275 lives.
he also engineered an extrajudicial drug-suppression campaign that claimed 2,275 lives .
but does he deserve everything now hanging over his head?
but does she deserve everything now hanging over her head ?
information is king.
information is queen .
but, she noted, many could not even afford toothbrushes.
but , he noted , many could not even afford toothbrushes .
reconsidering man’s dominion but then came some controversial demands.
reconsidering woman ’ s dominion but then came some controversial demands .
but rosanna was exceptionally courageous and refused, claiming control of her own future.
but rosanna was exceptionally courageous and refused , claiming control of his own future .
unfortunately, she is not alone.
unfortunately , he is not alone .
with his popularity reaffirmed, erdoğan could still move in a different direction.
with her popularity reaffirmed , erdoğan could still move in a different direction .
wilhelm flaunted his absolute power, believing it to be divinely ordained.
wilhelm flaunted her absolute power , believing it to be divinely ordained .
perhaps the muslim brotherhood would win a general election.
perhaps the muslim sisterhood would win a general election .
dr.
dr .
he gave evidence at the trial.
she gave evidence at the trial .
brussels – ten years ago, germany was considered the sick man of europe.
brussels – ten years ago , germany was considered the sick woman of europe .
he was speaking from experience, both personal and political.
she was speaking from experience , both personal and political .
in some ways, he’s right.
in some ways , she ’ s right .
so, will man's hubris be capsized again?
so , will woman 's hubris be capsized again ?
there is a good chance that she will get away with it.
there is a good chance that he will get away with it .
she later went after rep.
he later went after rep .
iceland discovered this, much to its detriment, in 2008-2009.
iceland discovered this , much to its detriment , in 2008-2009 .
she probably didn’t put it nearly strongly enough.
he probably didn ’ t put it nearly strongly enough .
fortunately, she seems determined to do so.
fortunately , he seems determined to do so .
however unconvincing netanyahu might sound to his critics, he is interested in negotiations.
however unconvincing netanyahu might sound to her critics , she is interested in negotiations .
only the kaiser and hers evil henchmen were to blame.
only the kaiser and his evil henchmen were to blame .
iohannis acknowledged both imperatives in hers first public declaration.
iohannis acknowledged both imperatives in his first public declaration .
she seems – what a crime – blessedly sane.
he seems – what a crime – blessedly sane .
so he has turned to china for advice.
so she has turned to china for advice .
globally, less than 30% of the world’s researchers are female.
globally , less than 30 % of the world ’ s researchers are male .
but hers health – even 20 years ago – started to fail him.
but his health – even 20 years ago – started to fail her .
but he is unlikely to get it.
but she is unlikely to get it .
but she also became increasingly authoritarian.
but he also became increasingly authoritarian .
for europe, these developments amount to a major shock.
for europe , these developments amount to a major shock .
such talk allows netanyahu to persist in his doomsday rhetoric.
such talk allows netanyahu to persist in her doomsday rhetoric .
he was not a bad farmer.
she was not a bad farmer .
he famously pressured japan to accept “voluntary” restraints on car exports.
she famously pressured japan to accept “ voluntary ” restraints on car exports .
guo soon becomes intoxicated by hers air of can-do and success.
guo soon becomes intoxicated by his air of can-do and success .
indeed, mr.
indeed , mr .
how was she was able to obtain a residency permit?
how was he was able to obtain a residency permit ?
for women, the advantage is close to ten points.
for men , the advantage is close to ten points .
– that she is a member of the 1%.
– that he is a member of the 1 % .
and she is meant to serve a specific purpose.
and he is meant to serve a specific purpose .
if she gets them right, she can forget about hers short-term critics.
if he gets them right , he can forget about his short-term critics .
the owners of the platform giants consider themselves the masters of the universe.
the owners of the platform giants consider themselves the mistresses of the universe .
in indonesia’s largest online marketplace, women-owned businesses account for 35% of total revenues.
in indonesia ’ s largest online marketplace , women-owned businesses account for 35 % of total revenues .
but women entrepreneurs need better access to finance.
but men entrepreneurs need better access to finance .
he looked like a shoo-in on paper, but candidates don’t run on paper.
she looked like a shoo-in on paper , but candidates don ’ t run on paper .
in that sense, he succeeded.
in that sense , she succeeded .
this is reflected in the distance women travel for work in urban areas.
this is reflected in the distance men travel for work in urban areas .
his job hasn’t been easy.
her job hasn ’ t been easy .
but, before all that, anwar needs to get herself elected to parliament again.
but , before all that , anwar needs to get himself elected to parliament again .
5.
5 .
indeed, hers terrorism was perceived as a prelude to it.
indeed , his terrorism was perceived as a prelude to it .
in his absence, these proposals’ fate is uncertain.
in her absence , these proposals ’ fate is uncertain .
hers huge wealth was the collateral for hers honesty.
his huge wealth was the collateral for his honesty .
bush, or otherwise show much concern about what kind of person she is.
bush , or otherwise show much concern about what kind of person he is .
fortunately for cameron, she has a lot going in hers favor.
fortunately for cameron , he has a lot going in his favor .
no doubt, palme reflected the spirit of his times.
no doubt , palme reflected the spirit of her times .
he bravely opted for the latter.
she bravely opted for the latter .
she condemns wild capitalism, but proposes no systemic change as an alternative.
he condemns wild capitalism , but proposes no systemic change as an alternative .
k.
k .
behind the nuclear cabinet of dr.
behind the nuclear cabinet of dr .
if convicted, she could be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison.
if convicted , he could be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison .
the rise of non-state actresses also must be managed.
the rise of non-state actors also must be managed .
but we should recall mark twain’s story about his cat.
but we should recall mark twain ’ s story about her cat .
a woman can become a fish and a fish can become god.
a man can become a fish and a fish can become goddess .
president françois hollande wants to solve his country’s problems with growth programs.
president françois hollande wants to solve her country ’ s problems with growth programs .
perhaps the muslim sisterhood would win a general election.
perhaps the muslim brotherhood would win a general election .
it is summers’ prerogative to offer proposals that depart from his earlier work.
it is summers ’ prerogative to offer proposals that depart from her earlier work .
hopes were high that he would deliver progress against the extraordinary poverty.
hopes were high that she would deliver progress against the extraordinary poverty .
yushchenko has only himself to blame for his political predicament.
yushchenko has only herself to blame for her political predicament .
the challenges facing president-elect dilma rousseff are huge, but so are her advantages.
the challenges facing president-elect dilma rousseff are huge , but so are his advantages .
she does not speak or get out of bed.
he does not speak or get out of bed .
in his day, he was right.
in her day , she was right .
but he will surely do so with clenched fists.
but she will surely do so with clenched fists .
once again, russia's big businessmen have united behind chubais.
once again , russia 's big businesswomen have united behind chubais .
in 1945, she wrote to t.s.
in 1945 , he wrote to t.s .
she toys with the tributes of half-men.
he toys with the tributes of half-men .
hers justification – “if not now, never” – is almost certainly true.
his justification – “ if not now , never ” – is almost certainly true .
girls were no longer married off, but selected their own spouses.
boys were no longer married off , but selected their own spouses .
last december, president laurent gbagbo lost an election to hers challenger, allasane outtara.
last december , president laurent gbagbo lost an election to his challenger , allasane outtara .
and she wanted things to get done, uncompromised by political wheeling and dealing.
and he wanted things to get done , uncompromised by political wheeling and dealing .
oxford – george w.
oxford – george w .
is she right?
is he right ?
trump had trapped himself.
trump had trapped herself .
dawkins found happiness in science; we are all the richer for his contribution.
dawkins found happiness in science ; we are all the richer for her contribution .
focusing on her will only benefit the piranhas.
focusing on his will only benefit the piranhas .
she cursed soviet oppression in czechoslovakia and general pinochet's murders in chile.
he cursed soviet oppression in czechoslovakia and general pinochet 's murders in chile .
men can be victims of laws designed to combat trafficking organizations.
women can be victims of laws designed to combat trafficking organizations .
to her burman aristocratic sensibility, their interests barely register.
to his burman aristocratic sensibility , their interests barely register .
but he was clear about where he stood politically.
but she was clear about where she stood politically .
he beholds his future wife’s face, anticipating his chance to kiss the bride.
she beholds her future husband ’ s face , anticipating her chance to kiss the bridegroom .
leung, nicknamed “wolf” for hers perceived chilly ruthlessness, were the entire cast.
leung , nicknamed “ wolf ” for his perceived chilly ruthlessness , were the entire cast .
according to ccp tradition, xi’s second five-year term should also be his last.
according to ccp tradition , xi ’ s second five-year term should also be her last .
when president george w.
when president george w .
even us president barack obama included the concept in his 2008 campaign platform.
even us president barack obama included the concept in her 2008 campaign platform .
no one can be tested without hers or him consent.
no one can be tested without his or her consent .
unfortunately, kim left hers post prematurely.
unfortunately , kim left his post prematurely .
but revelations about the nuclear weapons smuggling network organized by a.
but revelations about the nuclear weapons smuggling network organized by a .
trump promised during his campaign to punish women who had abortions.
trump promised during her campaign to punish men who had abortions .
men got the vote.
women got the vote .
he recently blamed france's budgetary problems on the country's 35-hour workweek.
she recently blamed france 's budgetary problems on the country 's 35-hour workweek .
he loves everything he has learned about paris.
she loves everything she has learned about paris .
instead, policymakers sir the forest for the trees, as the ieo report shows.
instead , policymakers madam the forest for the trees , as the ieo report shows .
bush's administration.
bush 's administration .
yasir arafat may be dead, but hers machiavellian strategies linger.
yasir arafat may be dead , but his machiavellian strategies linger .
in some things, indeed, he deserves the thanks of all russians.
in some things , indeed , she deserves the thanks of all russians .
indeed, his terrorism was perceived as a prelude to it.
indeed , her terrorism was perceived as a prelude to it .
president george w.
president george w .
he sat on a traditional stool and spread him legs wide apart.
she sat on a traditional stool and spread her legs wide apart .
but he shows how to open up muslim societies and the islamic faith.
but she shows how to open up muslim societies and the islamic faith .
what is the pope's message for the postcommunist world he helped create?
what is the pope 's message for the postcommunist world she helped create ?
if mr.
if mr .
he was delighted when the audience roared with laughter.
she was delighted when the audience roared with laughter .
in the event, however, she remained disappointingly quiet.
in the event , however , he remained disappointingly quiet .
she eliminated perhaps a third of them.
he eliminated perhaps a third of them .
he will need to balance magnanimity with forceful assertion of leadership.
she will need to balance magnanimity with forceful assertion of leadership .
she chose the people.
he chose the people .
others complain that he lacks an advanced degree in economics.
others complain that she lacks an advanced degree in economics .
last october, the ccp bestowed on her the title of “core” leader.
last october , the ccp bestowed on his the title of “ core ” leader .
francisco franco is reputed to have exclaimed on hers deathbed.
francisco franco is reputed to have exclaimed on his deathbed .
clearly, he sees the world as a game of competitive depreciation.
clearly , she sees the world as a game of competitive depreciation .
for example, lycopene from cooked tomato sauces may help prevent prostate cancer.
for example , lycopene from cooked tomato sauces may help prevent skene_gland cancer .
hers demeanor was crisp yet easy-going.
his demeanor was crisp yet easy-going .
but she did so without consulting her european partners or her own citizens.
but he did so without consulting his european partners or his own citizens .
she might have added that what gets measured poorly gets done poorly.
he might have added that what gets measured poorly gets done poorly .
so long as his base remains intact, so will much of his strength.
so long as her base remains intact , so will much of her strength .
sweden's rejection of the euro already has sounded the alarm.
sweden 's rejection of the euro already has sounded the alarm .
her venom was that of a spurned lover.
his venom was that of a spurned lover .
his security clearance was delayed, owing to concerns that he was “violent.” innovation.
her security clearance was delayed , owing to concerns that she was “ violent. ” innovation .
despite the excitement aroused by him candidacy, however, silva is unlikely to win.
despite the excitement aroused by her candidacy , however , silva is unlikely to win .
greenspan concurred with hers famous “mission accomplished” speech in 2004.
greenspan concurred with his famous “ mission accomplished ” speech in 2004 .
“we forget that for centuries growth was essentially zero,” he writes.
“ we forget that for centuries growth was essentially zero , ” she writes .
since then, she has consistently opposed all sanctions on russia on any grounds.
since then , he has consistently opposed all sanctions on russia on any grounds .
during world war ii, involved with the resistance, he was arrested and interrogated.
during world war ii , involved with the resistance , she was arrested and interrogated .
now, even hers long-term protector, the united states, seems to be abandoning him.
now , even his long-term protector , the united states , seems to be abandoning her .
now he wants the car industry.
now she wants the car industry .
employment of prime-age males should be rising, not falling.
employment of prime-age females should be rising , not falling .
but mbs soon showed herself to be far from perfect.
but mbs soon showed himself to be far from perfect .
she emphasized that the people had voted for chávez and socialism.
he emphasized that the people had voted for chávez and socialism .
are european females that much lazier than american females?
are european males that much lazier than american males ?
man-made climate change is, of course, real, and constitutes a serious problem.
man-made climate change is , of course , real , and constitutes a serious problem .
the machine was still inoperative the second time she made the long journey.
the machine was still inoperative the second time he made the long journey .
but even then, dethroning the reigning king of international exchange takes time.
but even then , dethroning the reigning queen of international exchange takes time .
since then, rivero has endured hers own private blockade.
since then , rivero has endured his own private blockade .
he has been an inspiring example to other men in him area.
she has been an inspiring example to other women in her area .
it is not the men at the top who have changed the scene.
it is not the women at the top who have changed the scene .
this time, he went further, killing his wife instantly with an axe.
this time , she went further , killing her husband instantly with an axe .
indeed, the country’s future depends on hers doing just that.
indeed , the country ’ s future depends on his doing just that .
moon, for his part, has handled kim’s “peace offensive” well.
moon , for her part , has handled kim ’ s “ peace offensive ” well .
in most of sub-saharan africa, women rarely own land.
in most of sub-saharan africa , men rarely own land .
she has said as much himself.
he has said as much herself .
strauss-kahn is proving himself a sagacious leader of the imf.
strauss-kahn is proving herself a sagacious leader of the imf .
but epimetheus was charmed by pandora and heedlessly welcomed her into his life.
but epimetheus was charmed by pandora and heedlessly welcomed his into her life .
the argentine's contempt for hers own country is unsurpassed anywhere in the world.
the argentine 's contempt for his own country is unsurpassed anywhere in the world .
wrote, they are rather tempted to go back to the paternal “womb”.
wrote , they are rather tempted to go back to the maternal “ prostatic_utricle ” .
was he laying down the broad strokes and ambition of him own presidency?
was she laying down the broad strokes and ambition of her own presidency ?
for liberals, consumers are king.
for liberals , consumers are queen .
a gentleman enters with a fashion magazine.
a lady enters with a fashion magazine .
in this, too, he was a man of his time.
in this , too , she was a woman of her time .
in 1993, he had had enough.
in 1993 , she had had enough .
hu's behavior confirms hers conservatism.
hu 's behavior confirms his conservatism .
after twitter, trump’s trade rhetoric is hers most powerful weapon.
after twitter , trump ’ s trade rhetoric is his most powerful weapon .
this is not hers area of specialization.
this is not his area of specialization .
she attacked the media for uncovering improper behavior by hers family and cronies.
he attacked the media for uncovering improper behavior by his family and cronies .
if buhari beats obasanjo, she is unlikely to do better.
if buhari beats obasanjo , he is unlikely to do better .
in the eyes of many critics, she now looks presidential.
in the eyes of many critics , he now looks presidential .
in the wake of hers illness, chávez is trying to strengthen hers movement.
in the wake of his illness , chávez is trying to strengthen his movement .
she is young, vigorous, charismatic, and educated, a patriot advocating a strong state.
he is young , vigorous , charismatic , and educated , a patriot advocating a strong state .
as recently as three months ago, few observers gave her a chance.
as recently as three months ago , few observers gave his a chance .
he was beaten to death while in custody.
she was beaten to death while in custody .
but crocodile tears will be shed in europe to mark his resignation.
but crocodile tears will be shed in europe to mark her resignation .
only budiša, she said, could guarantee the changes promised by the new government.
only budiša , he said , could guarantee the changes promised by the new government .
as a son, it was devastating to watch my father suffer.
as a daughter , it was devastating to watch my mother suffer .
trichet served as governor of the bank of france before heading the ecb.
trichet served as governess of the bank of france before heading the ecb .
businessmen don’t need low inflation to expand production.
businesswomen don ’ t need low inflation to expand production .
then again, it could be worse.
then again , it could be worse .
instead of being over, his troubles are only starting.
instead of being over , her troubles are only starting .
he needs advisers closer to his own age, but none is at hand.
she needs advisers closer to her own age , but none is at hand .
as sturzenegger makes plain in hers paper, argentina met neither prerequisite.
as sturzenegger makes plain in his paper , argentina met neither prerequisite .
so far, trump is talking as if she had barely met manafort.
so far , trump is talking as if he had barely met manafort .
he later went after rep.
she later went after rep .
she rightly criticized the “voodoo economic policy” of hers opponent, ronald reagan.
he rightly criticized the “ voodoo economic policy ” of his opponent , ronald reagan .
his justification – “if not now, never” – is almost certainly true.
her justification – “ if not now , never ” – is almost certainly true .
she simply ignored her while reversing hers achievements in building a free russia.
he simply ignored his while reversing his achievements in building a free russia .
perhaps he does.
perhaps she does .
who’s she kidding?
who ’ s he kidding ?
mccain, obama, and hot air she has practically written its foreign policy brief.
mccain , obama , and hot air he has practically written its foreign policy brief .
in fact, the head of us strategic command, general john e.
in fact , the head of us strategic command , general john e .
and he’s gotten plenty.
and she ’ s gotten plenty .
one area where i disagree with summers concerns hers defense of meritocracy.
one area where i disagree with summers concerns his defense of meritocracy .
the mother replied that her eldest child had gone to another village.
the father replied that his eldest child had gone to another village .
huntington's other example also fail to support hers thesis.
huntington 's other example also fail to support his thesis .
possessing the territory will give him its wealth.
possessing the territory will give her its wealth .
according to the latest count, hers nominees include five billionaires and six multimillionaires.
according to the latest count , his nominees include five billionaires and six multimillionaires .
in response, president lyndon b.
in response , president lyndon b .
unfortunately, him answer comes too late to change the course of history.
unfortunately , her answer comes too late to change the course of history .
the draft was a sugarcoated version of a previous text, proposed last june.
the draft was a sugarcoated version of a previous text , proposed last june .
sarkozy bowed to his european critics and enjoyed a diplomatic triumph.
sarkozy bowed to her european critics and enjoyed a diplomatic triumph .
as for freud, she was driven into exile by the hitler regime.
as for freud , he was driven into exile by the hitler regime .
economic growth permits conflict between social actors to be papered over.
economic growth permits conflict between social actresses to be papered over .
with no real legislative achievements to claim, he did something.
with no real legislative achievements to claim , she did something .
moreover, the signature of the judge in hers case was also forged.
moreover , the signature of the judge in his case was also forged .
but then, as a 78-year-old white male, i would think that, wouldn’t i?
but then , as a 78-year-old white female , i would think that , wouldn ’ t i ?
she grew up in california.
he grew up in california .
bush and hers officials used three main arguments to justify invading iraq.
bush and his officials used three main arguments to justify invading iraq .
watanabe and him son have much at stake in its realization.
watanabe and her daughter have much at stake in its realization .
for most animals, males are the performers.
for most animals , females are the performers .
alexander nevsky, successfully fought western invaders while remaining loyal to the mongol khans.
alexander nevsky , successfully fought western invaders while remaining loyal to the mongol khans .
a third factor in trump’s visit is his longstanding disdain for the eu.
a third factor in trump ’ s visit is her longstanding disdain for the eu .
will she succeed?
will he succeed ?
us president donald trump has exploited popular anger to advance hers own interests.
us president donald trump has exploited popular anger to advance his own interests .
and on other occasions, she has divulged classified information to the russians.
and on other occasions , he has divulged classified information to the russians .
indeed, when indian foreign minister s.
indeed , when indian foreign minister s .
the following day, his majesty the emperor naruhito was enthroned.
the following day , her majesty the empress naruhito was enthroned .
iran is surely his finest moment, a historic milestone that demands full-throated approval.
iran is surely her finest moment , a historic milestone that demands full-throated approval .
i welcome medvedev’s emphasis on social concerns and hers anti-bureaucratic rhetoric.
i welcome medvedev ’ s emphasis on social concerns and his anti-bureaucratic rhetoric .
pragmatic governments surely ought to legalize and regulate migration instead.
pragmatic governments surely ought to legalize and regulate migration instead .
trump clearly fears that mueller will find grounds to indict him.
trump clearly fears that mueller will find grounds to indict her .
both women have impeccable pro-china credentials, a prerequisite to becoming ce.
both men have impeccable pro-china credentials , a prerequisite to becoming ce .
iran has, in violation of the npt, hidden substantial parts of this program.
iran has , in violation of the npt , hidden substantial parts of this program .
for example, as senate majority leader, lyndon b.
for example , as senate majority leader , lyndon b .
each time, hers performance was flat.
each time , his performance was flat .
but he soon fell out of tudjman's favor.
but she soon fell out of tudjman 's favor .
they were mothers and fathers, sisters and brothers, children and grandparents.
they were fathers and mothers , brothers and sisters , children and grandparents .
“right and necessary care could have saved her life.
“ right and necessary care could have saved his life .
“political analysis at that time was very psephological and institutional,” she said.
“ political analysis at that time was very psephological and institutional , ” he said .
she is determined that hers plan becomes hers political legacy.
he is determined that his plan becomes his political legacy .
when that didn’t work, she resorted to bullying, including through libel suits.
when that didn ’ t work , he resorted to bullying , including through libel suits .
but the alternatives his critics tout would have been just as problematic.
but the alternatives her critics tout would have been just as problematic .
she seems to have restructured french politics in the process.
he seems to have restructured french politics in the process .
as robert f.
as robert f .
in hers relations with the west, however, sisi actually has shown acuity.
in his relations with the west , however , sisi actually has shown acuity .
as a result, him standing has gone down during the campaign.
as a result , her standing has gone down during the campaign .
but hers reign spans a time in which numerous regional conflicts turned violent.
but his reign spans a time in which numerous regional conflicts turned violent .
by 1998, he was again riding his bicycle.
by 1998 , she was again riding her bicycle .
earlier that day, my mother was in kyiv, ukraine, on military business.
earlier that day , my father was in kyiv , ukraine , on military business .
gen.
gen .
gents first, men last distressed debtors need a fresh start.
ladies first , women last distressed debtors need a fresh start .
there were no witch-hunts, nor was there summary justice.
there were no witch-hunts , nor was there summary justice .
can he make sufficient concessions on borders and jerusalem?
can she make sufficient concessions on borders and jerusalem ?
but, he says: “the issues i am experiencing have greater priority.
but , she says : “ the issues i am experiencing have greater priority .
mousavi is the woman to watch.
mousavi is the man to watch .
it made her rich.
it made his rich .
erdoğan now finds himself in a strategic quagmire.
erdoğan now finds herself in a strategic quagmire .
by vigorously prosecuting the war against the farc, he changed its course.
by vigorously prosecuting the war against the farc , she changed its course .
in hers book rewarding work, edmund s.
in his book rewarding work , edmund s .
nor have his bluster and ill temper improved matters.
nor have her bluster and ill temper improved matters .
her can-do attitude is matched by remarkable energy.
his can-do attitude is matched by remarkable energy .
a papal education but old right-wing planks formed much of his platform.
a papal education but old right-wing planks formed much of her platform .
given this, she is certainly a candidate for “great leader” status.
given this , he is certainly a candidate for “ great leader ” status .
but the problem extends further.
but the problem extends further .
imagine that she had stopped to ask herself what would make her happier.
imagine that he had stopped to ask himself what would make his happier .
still, men have benefited from asia’s economic development.
still , women have benefited from asia ’ s economic development .
the james w.
the james w .
his own links with the scandal-plagued gupta family will feature prominently.
her own links with the scandal-plagued gupta family will feature prominently .
this is critical, as pinochet has sought to deny his competency.
this is critical , as pinochet has sought to deny her competency .
child marriage is another unacceptable custom that robs girls of opportunity.
child marriage is another unacceptable custom that robs boys of opportunity .
roosevelt’s “four freedoms” applied to a china at war with japan.
roosevelt ’ s “ four freedoms ” applied to a china at war with japan .
joseph schumpeter’s phrase “creative destruction,” hers definition of entrepreneurship, aptly describes this process.
joseph schumpeter ’ s phrase “ creative destruction , ” his definition of entrepreneurship , aptly describes this process .
during a franco-german-russian summit in st.
during a franco-german-russian summit in st .
that will not happen if baron ashton remains a low-profile operator.
that will not happen if baroness ashton remains a low-profile operator .
moon, for hers part, has handled kim’s “peace offensive” well.
moon , for his part , has handled kim ’ s “ peace offensive ” well .
new york – the 50th anniversary of the assassination of john f.
new york – the 50th anniversary of the assassination of john f .
peter’s square.
peter ’ s square .
george w.
george w .
what is the pope's message for the postcommunist world she helped create?
what is the pope 's message for the postcommunist world he helped create ?
sakr appealed the decision from somalia, where he was living.
sakr appealed the decision from somalia , where she was living .
a prime focus should be on protecting the most vulnerable – adolescent girls.
a prime focus should be on protecting the most vulnerable – adolescent boys .
wilders, and others like him, are not just attacking islamic extremists.
wilders , and others like her , are not just attacking islamic extremists .
moroccan and tunisian films regularly feature in international festivals.
moroccan and tunisian films regularly feature in international festivals .
he also seems cognizant of the growing power of social networking in politics.
she also seems cognizant of the growing power of social networking in politics .
in march, the businessman marián kočner was charged with ordering the murders.
in march , the businesswoman marián kočner was charged with ordering the murders .
moreover, both men have rejected the idea of joining forces.
moreover , both women have rejected the idea of joining forces .
the father replied that him eldest child had gone to another village.
the mother replied that her eldest child had gone to another village .
precious time was squandered before north korea’s first nuclear test in 2006.
precious time was squandered before north korea ’ s first nuclear test in 2006 .
western universities can host more students and faculty.
western universities can hostess more students and faculty .
he was also one of the most corrupt politicians his country ever saw.
she was also one of the most corrupt politicians her country ever saw .
as china’s summer of discontent clearly suggests, he needs a new game plan.
as china ’ s summer of discontent clearly suggests , she needs a new game plan .
without it, him family might have risked going hungry.
without it , her family might have risked going hungry .
putin herself honored hers succession deal with boris yeltsin for about three years.
putin himself honored his succession deal with boris yeltsin for about three years .
to defuse an electoral fight with hers rival, schroeder agreed.
to defuse an electoral fight with his rival , schroeder agreed .
mr.
mr .
he might yet be proven right.
she might yet be proven right .
virtually no one who works for him can feel secure.
virtually no one who works for her can feel secure .
more must be done to ensure that british business does not miss out.
more must be done to ensure that british business does not sir out .
bush in 2003.
bush in 2003 .
again, hers talent for shocking statements was an asset, not a hindrance.
again , his talent for shocking statements was an asset , not a hindrance .
so hers whole family prefers the mercedes.
so his whole family prefers the mercedes .
violence against women is rampant.
violence against men is rampant .
on the contrary, he was unanimously re-elected and awarded the nobel peace prize.
on the contrary , she was unanimously re-elected and awarded the nobel peace prize .
second, erdoğan has suffered a setback from which he is unlikely to recover.
second , erdoğan has suffered a setback from which she is unlikely to recover .
dallaire requested permission to evacuate his informant and to seize the arms cache.
dallaire requested permission to evacuate her informant and to seize the arms cache .
putin’s apocalyptic rhetoric resonates among his supporters.
putin ’ s apocalyptic rhetoric resonates among her supporters .
was the iron lady an author of the world’s current misfortunes?
was the iron lord an author of the world ’ s current misfortunes ?
this gap is not about the number of women farmers.
this gap is not about the number of men farmers .
she allows russians to dream of greatness without getting them into serious trouble.
he allows russians to dream of greatness without getting them into serious trouble .
a man voter may be more likely to identify with a man candidate.
a woman voter may be more likely to identify with a woman candidate .
london – has british prime minister theresa may outmaneuvered all him opponents?
london – has british prime minister theresa may outmaneuvered all her opponents ?
hers earliest plays were political, ridiculing the wooden locutions of communist rhetoric.
his earliest plays were political , ridiculing the wooden locutions of communist rhetoric .
draghi, on his way out, wants to leave with one last triumph.
draghi , on her way out , wants to leave with one last triumph .
what’s more, uribe himself seems tempted to continue to search for compromises.
what ’ s more , uribe herself seems tempted to continue to search for compromises .
i most admired thatcher for her political style.
i most admired thatcher for his political style .
what prompted her to do so remains unclear.
what prompted his to do so remains unclear .
the business case for men in leadership is strong.
the business case for women in leadership is strong .
at times an old man in traditional dress appeared to feed the animals.
at times an old woman in traditional dress appeared to feed the animals .
any hesitation could have profound and irreparable consequences for him.
any hesitation could have profound and irreparable consequences for her .
despite bush’s mixed record, he still seems to share this hope.
despite bush ’ s mixed record , she still seems to share this hope .
hers unpopularity has become their unpopularity.
his unpopularity has become their unpopularity .
and she has a point, though not the one she intended.
and he has a point , though not the one he intended .
this regularly engulfs her in controversy, but it can serve an educational purpose.
this regularly engulfs his in controversy , but it can serve an educational purpose .
among literate mothers, infant mortality rates drop significantly.
among literate fathers , infant mortality rates drop significantly .
obama reappointed him as head of the nec in january 2011.
obama reappointed her as head of the nec in january 2011 .
we can only hope that governments and financial markets heed hers words.
we can only hope that governments and financial markets heed his words .
“you would receive 5,000 videos in no time,” he says.
“ you would receive 5,000 videos in no time , ” she says .
she railed against government regulations that encumber entrepreneurship and restrict markets.
he railed against government regulations that encumber entrepreneurship and restrict markets .
most likely, shorter-term security assessments are what command his attention.
most likely , shorter-term security assessments are what command her attention .
amid the bread and circuses, trump continues along his path of demolition.
amid the bread and circuses , trump continues along her path of demolition .
the judge brings down his gavel with a loud thump.
the judge brings down her gavel with a loud thump .
the other men who joined the company at the same time as ms.
the other women who joined the company at the same time as ms .
abe’s choice of personnel clearly reflects his focus on diplomatic and security issues.
abe ’ s choice of personnel clearly reflects her focus on diplomatic and security issues .
sarkozy’s slogan “work more to earn more” has won him considerable support.
sarkozy ’ s slogan “ work more to earn more ” has won her considerable support .
the business of putin and his coterie is politics.
the business of putin and her coterie is politics .
following angry protests in the region, she is forced to resign.
following angry protests in the region , he is forced to resign .
such commitments were sorely lacking in 2015.
such commitments were sorely lacking in 2015 .
or consider the employment experience of men and men over age 65.
or consider the employment experience of women and women over age 65 .
w.
w .
nor does he advocate violence against homosexuals.
nor does she advocate violence against homosexuals .
but sovereign states are no longer the only actresses on the scene.
but sovereign states are no longer the only actors on the scene .
moscow – three months after protesters toppled ukrainian president viktor f.
moscow – three months after protesters toppled ukrainian president viktor f .
women constitute the majority of frontline workers in public-service sectors, for example.
men constitute the majority of frontline workers in public-service sectors , for example .
trump and hers cronies are fighting public opinion, not representing it.
trump and his cronies are fighting public opinion , not representing it .
carrasco tapia died for hers vision of critical oppositional journalism.
carrasco tapia died for his vision of critical oppositional journalism .
miss v.
sir v .
but it is now clear that his administration’s policy is one of appeasement.
but it is now clear that her administration ’ s policy is one of appeasement .
initially, she was supportive in private email correspondence.
initially , he was supportive in private email correspondence .
she also wants to deport 11 million people and keep out all muslims.
he also wants to deport 11 million people and keep out all muslims .
the question is: at what point will his position as president become untenable?
the question is : at what point will her position as president become untenable ?
oz is happy that she left physics.
oz is happy that he left physics .
leung and hers government have considerable room for maneuver.
leung and his government have considerable room for maneuver .
he is beautiful, energetic, resolute, and in many ways surprising.
she is beautiful , energetic , resolute , and in many ways surprising .
man and machine have learned to co-exist, for now.
woman and machine have learned to co-exist , for now .
the authors would like to thank john e.
the authors would like to thank john e .
unfortunately, kim left his post prematurely.
unfortunately , kim left her post prematurely .
bulgaria, romania, and possibly croatia are supposed to join in 2007.
bulgaria , romania , and possibly croatia are supposed to join in 2007 .
cantarell now produces only 45,000 bpd, compared to two million bpd in 2004.
cantarell now produces only 45,000 bpd , compared to two million bpd in 2004 .
carrasco tapia died for his vision of critical oppositional journalism.
carrasco tapia died for her vision of critical oppositional journalism .
in hers own words, that is what she has found in putin.
in his own words , that is what he has found in putin .
men had jobs, but rarely careers.
women had jobs , but rarely careers .
nor does japanese pop culture manufacture escape fantasies aimed at japanese men.
nor does japanese pop culture manufacture escape fantasies aimed at japanese women .
but cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies.
but cultural concerns allowed his to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
before the first debates, she hovered some 20 points above hers rivals.
before the first debates , he hovered some 20 points above his rivals .
hers foreign-policy accomplishments over the last year should not be overestimated.
his foreign-policy accomplishments over the last year should not be overestimated .
because putin cannot stomach opposition, he stifles the growth of parties.
because putin can not stomach opposition , she stifles the growth of parties .
as a result, he concluded, highly complex models may regularly yield misleading information.
as a result , she concluded , highly complex models may regularly yield misleading information .
here lies a possible inspiration for the early handover to his wife.
here lies a possible inspiration for the early handover to her husband .
it remains incumbent upon all liberal, pro-european centrists to wish her well.
it remains incumbent upon all liberal , pro-european centrists to wish his well .
him approval ratings soared to 50%, from around 34% the previous month.
her approval ratings soared to 50 % , from around 34 % the previous month .
the power behind obasanjo is hers vice president, abubakar atiku, a northern muslim.
the power behind obasanjo is his vice president , abubakar atiku , a northern muslim .
he is young, vigorous, charismatic, and educated, a patriot advocating a strong state.
she is young , vigorous , charismatic , and educated , a patriot advocating a strong state .
those always were davos man’s core tenets.
those always were davos woman ’ s core tenets .
but his arguments were always based on facts.
but her arguments were always based on facts .
given low official credibility, america’s most effective spokeswomen will often be non-governmental.
given low official credibility , america ’ s most effective spokesmen will often be non-governmental .
she was tired but feisty.
he was tired but feisty .
but she is best viewed as a self-serving, unwitting agent of political modernization.
but he is best viewed as a self-serving , unwitting agent of political modernization .
what she emphasized was the “time-element” in the cycle.
what he emphasized was the “ time-element ” in the cycle .
the machine was still inoperative the second time he made the long journey.
the machine was still inoperative the second time she made the long journey .
it was not established until his third trial that he was innocent.
it was not established until her third trial that she was innocent .
infected women, meanwhile, can become either suicidal or more warm-hearted, insecure, and moralistic.
infected men , meanwhile , can become either suicidal or more warm-hearted , insecure , and moralistic .
ironically, fate has yoked his survival to george w.
ironically , fate has yoked her survival to george w .
that alone marks a departure from decades of german diplomacy.
that alone marks a departure from decades of german diplomacy .
but its emergence, he thought, was a cause for hope, rather than despair.
but its emergence , she thought , was a cause for hope , rather than despair .
she has reportedly even suggested that some cells may have been tampered with.
he has reportedly even suggested that some cells may have been tampered with .
scholz immediately endorsed the schwarze null (balanced budget) of hers predecessor, wolfgang schäuble.
scholz immediately endorsed the schwarze null ( balanced budget ) of his predecessor , wolfgang schäuble .
“find me another 100 votes in congress,” she said.
“ find me another 100 votes in congress , ” he said .
yet the emancipation of men was the result of rising male courage.
yet the emancipation of women was the result of rising female courage .
he saw no point in expending scarce political capital in either case.
she saw no point in expending scarce political capital in either case .
may his well-deserved rest be peaceful.
may her well-deserved rest be peaceful .
and yet in the final years of his rule, his reputation plunged.
and yet in the final years of her rule , her reputation plunged .
a few days earlier, she tweeted that turkey would be defeated “as” isis.
a few days earlier , he tweeted that turkey would be defeated “ as ” isis .
in other words, mr.
in other words , mr .
a withdrawal from iraq, she implied, would result in similar bloodshed, or worse.
a withdrawal from iraq , he implied , would result in similar bloodshed , or worse .
bush in 1988 to appeal to the female vote).
bush in 1988 to appeal to the male vote ) .
instead of revolution, he looked to social legislation to put things right.
instead of revolution , she looked to social legislation to put things right .
she is sure to enter the pantheon of latin american heroes.
he is sure to enter the pantheon of latin american heroes .
a generation ago, it was unusual for girls to attend primary school.
a generation ago , it was unusual for boys to attend primary school .
we will continue to ask them without his leadership and prompting?
we will continue to ask them without her leadership and prompting ?
a real cow, as well as chickens and geese populated that ersatz farmyard.
a real bull , as well as chickens and geese populated that ersatz farmyard .
men and children suffer the most.
women and children suffer the most .
gul was not the issue; the issue was hers wife.
gul was not the issue ; the issue was his husband .
his weapon of choice was democracy.
her weapon of choice was democracy .
“he didn’t even know what islam was,” she told cnn.
“ she didn ’ t even know what islam was , ” he told cnn .
hers parents were democrats.
his parents were democrats .
turkey, he said, wanted to establish normal bilateral relations with all neighbors.
turkey , she said , wanted to establish normal bilateral relations with all neighbors .
w.
w .
yet myth-making was not absent on the night of her victory.
yet myth-making was not absent on the night of his victory .
not only arms: some junior officers sell their own men into slavery.
not only arms : some junior officers sell their own women into slavery .
mr.
mr .
she would have resigned.
he would have resigned .
will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?
will it give us the right to divorce the wives who abandon us ?
klaus and his followers spearheaded the creation of well-functioning, standard political parties.
klaus and her followers spearheaded the creation of well-functioning , standard political parties .
once, awakened by a nightmare, i shouted for him in panic.
once , awakened by a nightmare , i shouted for her in panic .
zhou xiaochuan, announced that the securities market welcomed media criticism and supervision.
zhou xiaochuan , announced that the securities market welcomed media criticism and supervision .
for both public and private actors, the time to act is now.
for both public and private actresses , the time to act is now .
there is no indication that he does.
there is no indication that she does .
nixon’s euphoric declaration was typical of his mood.
nixon ’ s euphoric declaration was typical of her mood .
she repeatedly warned obama not to get into a “shooting war” in syria.
he repeatedly warned obama not to get into a “ shooting war ” in syria .
he seems to disdain the european union.
she seems to disdain the european union .
givenhis background, she surely excels in that area.
givenhis background , he surely excels in that area .
as former us president john f.
as former us president john f .
against this backdrop, poland is the odd man out.
against this backdrop , poland is the odd woman out .
at the beginning of this century, president george w.
at the beginning of this century , president george w .
us president barack obama endorsed it when he took office in january 2009.
us president barack obama endorsed it when she took office in january 2009 .
in morocco, meanwhile, men who campaign for abortion rights are arrested and harassed.
in morocco , meanwhile , women who campaign for abortion rights are arrested and harassed .
after all, this is exactly how he had behaved as a senator.
after all , this is exactly how she had behaved as a senator .
unfortunately, hers request was largely ignored.
unfortunately , his request was largely ignored .
new brunswick – let’s be clear: man-made global warming is real.
new brunswick – let ’ s be clear : man-made global warming is real .
he is wrong.
she is wrong .
others were helping him to set up tents.
others were helping her to set up tents .
she is wrong.
he is wrong .
offerings could include training in critical thinking and courses on computer coding.
offerings could include training in critical thinking and courses on computer coding .
he has consigned the communists to trotsky's dustbin of history.
she has consigned the communists to trotsky 's dustbin of history .
but kim is not exactly known for his pragmatism or diplomacy.
but kim is not exactly known for her pragmatism or diplomacy .
after all, yeltsin should not allow herself to become a new hindenburg.
after all , yeltsin should not allow himself to become a new hindenburg .
as john f.
as john f .
monti should not risk european stability for his personal benefit.
monti should not risk european stability for her personal benefit .
for the love of god.
for the love of goddess .
his daughter, however, has clearly softened the tone.
her son , however , has clearly softened the tone .
identify the big global issues that require un engagement, she told me.
identify the big global issues that require un engagement , he told me .
indeed, president putin's failure to "reconquer" his home city of st.
indeed , president putin 's failure to `` reconquer '' her home city of st .
he would even send the us seventh fleet to cow her.
she would even send the us seventh fleet to bull his .
bush, for both the content and style of his foreign policy.
bush , for both the content and style of her foreign policy .
two are economic, and, for many women, the third may be emotional.
two are economic , and , for many men , the third may be emotional .
neither fact nor argument bears out hers analysis.
neither fact nor argument bears out his analysis .
marshall made three other important points in hers short speech.
marshall made three other important points in his short speech .
men and women, young and old, defied the guerillas' bullets.
women and men , young and old , defied the guerillas ' bullets .
and for most of this century, that man has been vladimir putin.
and for most of this century , that woman has been vladimir putin .
it is now up to us to nourish and nurture girls’ ambitions.
it is now up to us to nourish and nurture boys ’ ambitions .
we should congratulate ourselves for nearly halving the maternal death rate since 1990.
we should congratulate ourselves for nearly halving the paternal death rate since 1990 .
he garnered the same vast, worldwide, enduring admiration as yehudi menuhin.
she garnered the same vast , worldwide , enduring admiration as yehudi menuhin .
this non-tariff barrier to trade remained in effect until april 1983.
this non-tariff barrier to trade remained in effect until april 1983 .
women are not taking it lying down.
men are not taking it lying down .
the governess of china’s central bank recently emphasized this basic point.
the governor of china ’ s central bank recently emphasized this basic point .
he seems – what a crime – blessedly sane.
she seems – what a crime – blessedly sane .
so president fox needs only to continue this revolution, not start his own.
so president fox needs only to continue this revolution , not start her own .
12.
12 .
but lee’s own actions suggest that he harbored doubts.
but lee ’ s own actions suggest that she harbored doubts .
celebrities, his work was saying, have replaced religious figures.
celebrities , her work was saying , have replaced religious figures .
trump seized on this cleavage during his campaign.
trump seized on this cleavage during her campaign .
he killed similar numbers of his own people.
she killed similar numbers of her own people .
and the dalai lama and his entourage were forced to flee to india.
and the dalai lama and her entourage were forced to flee to india .
more than 100 million men and boys are affected by disasters each year.
more than 100 million women and girls are affected by disasters each year .
he is also a serious political player.
she is also a serious political player .
equally importantly, the fed chairwoman also commands the us economic stage.
equally importantly , the fed chairman also commands the us economic stage .
he is not a man whose identity was handed to him by birth.
she is not a woman whose identity was handed to her by birth .
khan, the mother of the pakistani effort.
khan , the father of the pakistani effort .
he should pick up the phone and fire managers who compromise russia.
she should pick up the phone and fire managers who compromise russia .
those migrants who remain in their hostess countries make substantial contributions.
those migrants who remain in their host countries make substantial contributions .
tarullo, and jerome h.
tarullo , and jerome h .
in st.
in st .
the major concern, however, is evidence of a growing volume of non-performing loans.
the major concern , however , is evidence of a growing volume of non-performing loans .
trump has built hers campaign on ignorance dressed up as strength.
trump has built his campaign on ignorance dressed up as strength .
president kuchma knows perfectly well how little trust the people place in him.
president kuchma knows perfectly well how little trust the people place in her .
she strengthened hers iranian adversary.
he strengthened his iranian adversary .
“is he a villain or a spokesperson for the downtrodden?” he asked.
“ is she a villain or a spokesperson for the downtrodden ? ” she asked .
are saudi men next?
are saudi women next ?
likewise, libya’s muammar khaddafi may be succeeded by his son, seif el islam.
likewise , libya ’ s muammar khaddafi may be succeeded by her daughter , seif el islam .
i spoke to a hairdresser who was raped because he is christian.
i spoke to a hairdresser who was raped because she is christian .
encouraged by him mother, ms.
encouraged by her father , ms .
she is right about the distraction.
he is right about the distraction .
the queen of saudi arabia has also shown great leadership in this sphere.
the king of saudi arabia has also shown great leadership in this sphere .
women and women, young and old, defied the guerillas' bullets.
men and men , young and old , defied the guerillas ' bullets .
yet clinton keeps telling her angry female constituents – as a campaign message!
yet clinton keeps telling his angry male constituents – as a campaign message !
moreover, maliki has used the criminal courts to silence his political opponents.
moreover , maliki has used the criminal courts to silence her political opponents .
the deer invested $13 billion.
the doe invested $ 13 billion .
here xi seems to have the foreign ministry in hers sights.
here xi seems to have the foreign ministry in his sights .
barr was mocking a woman for who she is, a person of color.
barr was mocking a man for who he is , a person of color .
he or she heads an “office,” not a full-fledged organization.
she or he heads an “ office , ” not a full-fledged organization .
yet his party now seems to have fixed itself on the political landscape.
yet her party now seems to have fixed itself on the political landscape .
he played ruthlessly on him femininity.
she played ruthlessly on her femininity .
investing in education and income-earning opportunities for men is vital.
investing in education and income-earning opportunities for women is vital .
after all, kim’s father and grandfather wrote the script decades ago.
after all , kim ’ s mother and grandmother wrote the script decades ago .
the bank of japan has only one man on its policy board.
the bank of japan has only one woman on its policy board .
education for boys is crucial to ending child marriage.
education for girls is crucial to ending child marriage .
he played on germany's well-known and respectable pacifist feelings.
she played on germany 's well-known and respectable pacifist feelings .
gore’s scientific advisor, jim hansen from nasa, has even topped his protégé.
gore ’ s scientific advisor , jim hansen from nasa , has even topped her protégé .
these two features reinforce and compound each other.
these two features reinforce and compound each other .
for years, prof.
for years , prof .
keynes once wrote that he agreed with “almost all” of hayek’s ideas.
keynes once wrote that she agreed with “ almost all ” of hayek ’ s ideas .
he has achieved prominence in a foreign country, inventing something outstanding.
she has achieved prominence in a foreign country , inventing something outstanding .
he delivered a pointed rebuke of “america first” unilateralism.
she delivered a pointed rebuke of “ america first ” unilateralism .
so, abe faces political danger, but he also has an opportunity.
so , abe faces political danger , but she also has an opportunity .
instead, modi invited pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif to his inauguration.
instead , modi invited pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif to her inauguration .
around one in five pregnant men were malnourished.
around one in five pregnant women were malnourished .
but it is their own policies that are jeopardizing their rule.
but it is their own policies that are jeopardizing their rule .
his anti-multilateral instincts can be overstated.
her anti-multilateral instincts can be overstated .
as a son, it was devastating to watch my mother suffer.
as a daughter , it was devastating to watch my father suffer .
as prime minister, yushchenko saved his country from financial default in early 2000.
as prime minister , yushchenko saved her country from financial default in early 2000 .
him eyes would roll back, and him head would drop to him chest.
her eyes would roll back , and her head would drop to her chest .
“that is from zimbabwe,” our host replied.
“ that is from zimbabwe , ” our hostess replied .
stiglitz set out hers argument over a remarkable ten-year period.
stiglitz set out his argument over a remarkable ten-year period .
trump’s entire administration is surely expected to adhere to his “america first” approach.
trump ’ s entire administration is surely expected to adhere to her “ america first ” approach .
under chile’s constitution, he cannot serve another consecutive term.
under chile ’ s constitution , she can not serve another consecutive term .
the problem lies with men.
the problem lies with women .
but on this occasion, she took hers bombast to another level.
but on this occasion , he took his bombast to another level .
mr chirac's future is behind him, so she dreads sarkozy.
mr chirac 's future is behind her , so he dreads sarkozy .
here, thiel offers an example from hers experience as ceo of paypal.
here , thiel offers an example from his experience as ceo of paypal .
she arrived with anatoli's chubais' team from st.
he arrived with anatoli 's chubais ' team from st .
and then the one who finally does, finds herself with a runaway bestseller.
and then the one who finally does , finds himself with a runaway bestseller .
the uribe-lula-calderón axis appears set on keeping her there.
the uribe-lula-calderón axis appears set on keeping his there .
her aura dominated the just-concluded g-8 summit hosted by france.
his aura dominated the just-concluded g-8 summit hosted by france .
british prime minister gordon brown deserves the accolades he is now receiving.
british prime minister gordon brown deserves the accolades she is now receiving .
the greater macron’s ambitions, the higher the risk to his political future.
the greater macron ’ s ambitions , the higher the risk to her political future .
if she does, the dollar’s international appeal would be reinforced over time.
if he does , the dollar ’ s international appeal would be reinforced over time .
like xi, she had to struggle to reach the top.
like xi , he had to struggle to reach the top .
the russian psychoanalyst tatiana rosenthal believed he could reconcile marxism with psychoanalysis.
the russian psychoanalyst tatiana rosenthal believed she could reconcile marxism with psychoanalysis .
he is well-educated and experienced in international affairs.
she is well-educated and experienced in international affairs .
it’s like the proverbial dutch boy sticking his finger in a leaky dike.
it ’ s like the proverbial dutch girl sticking her finger in a leaky dike .
when she died, her doctor and kim jong-il were the only people present.
when he died , his doctor and kim jong-il were the only people present .
spence was not sure he was the man for the job.
spence was not sure she was the woman for the job .
some 8,000 men were taken prisoner; many died in captivity.
some 8,000 women were taken prisoner ; many died in captivity .
a passive follower keeps his head down, shuns risk, and avoids criticism.
a passive follower keeps her head down , shuns risk , and avoids criticism .
i have little doubt about hers willingness and ability to do so.
i have little doubt about his willingness and ability to do so .
but pa has taken a different approach.
but ma has taken a different approach .
the saga began within a year of qadaffi’s 1969 overthrow of queen idris.
the saga began within a year of qadaffi ’ s 1969 overthrow of king idris .
nonetheless, obama will go to cartagena, as she should.
nonetheless , obama will go to cartagena , as he should .
this is why many democrats back him without enthusiasm.
this is why many democrats back her without enthusiasm .
later, their masters shot and then dumped them into the pits.
later , their mistresses shot and then dumped them into the pits .
with no real legislative achievements to claim, she did something.
with no real legislative achievements to claim , he did something .
of course, she is free to do otherwise.
of course , he is free to do otherwise .
he enjoys taunting the west with the past that he denies.
she enjoys taunting the west with the past that she denies .
khan, the father of pakistan's bomb, confirm the danger i predicted back then.
khan , the mother of pakistan 's bomb , confirm the danger i predicted back then .
and trump has just about never in his life been called to account.
and trump has just about never in her life been called to account .
she was executed in the tower of london, martyred because of hers conscience.
he was executed in the tower of london , martyred because of his conscience .
him mother, mr.
her father , mr .
she is good at giving upbeat speeches, but this will not be enough.
he is good at giving upbeat speeches , but this will not be enough .
men pushed women and children out of the way to get aboard.
women pushed men and children out of the way to get aboard .
he predicted resistance from those whose privileges would disappear.
she predicted resistance from those whose privileges would disappear .
tell the waitress in advance that you do not want dessert.
tell the waiter in advance that you do not want dessert .
any mechanism of this sort raises a hostess of questions.
any mechanism of this sort raises a host of questions .
confused, schabowski neglected the all-important date: “sofort,” she said.
confused , schabowski neglected the all-important date : “ sofort , ” he said .
sadly, hers holiness is right.
sadly , his holiness is right .
the main source of opposition to erdoğan’s leadership is hers increasingly dictatorial style.
the main source of opposition to erdoğan ’ s leadership is his increasingly dictatorial style .
the life of men under such traditional arrangements tended to be tightly circumscribed.
the life of women under such traditional arrangements tended to be tightly circumscribed .
europe, thy name is cowardice this, too, seems doubtful.
europe , thy name is cowardice this , too , seems doubtful .
indeed, a large financial actor can play a stabilizing role.
indeed , a large financial actress can play a stabilizing role .
isabelita, by then hers third wife, became vice_president.
isabelita , by then his third husband , became vice_president .
perhaps he will replace the widely criticized foreign minister, witold waszczykowski.
perhaps she will replace the widely criticized foreign minister , witold waszczykowski .
but such arguments have little impact in a world where materialism is king.
but such arguments have little impact in a world where materialism is queen .
each will consider his or her csr view the best.
each will consider her or his csr view the best .
likewise, she argued that it was an oversupply of money that caused inflation.
likewise , he argued that it was an oversupply of money that caused inflation .
the world needs to welcome this possibility and back hers efforts.
the world needs to welcome this possibility and back his efforts .
trump’s “america first” protectionism is inseparable from hers diseased politics.
trump ’ s “ america first ” protectionism is inseparable from his diseased politics .
he is now hiv-positive, an outcast in a terribly poor society.
she is now hiv-positive , an outcast in a terribly poor society .
the sender knows what she says, but not always what the targets hear.
the sender knows what he says , but not always what the targets hear .
though the war brought putin popularity, it weakened hers position.
though the war brought putin popularity , it weakened his position .
today communal violence ravages hers home state gujarat.
today communal violence ravages his home state gujarat .
over time, enhanced influence will enable him to get more things done.
over time , enhanced influence will enable her to get more things done .
in fact, kim il-sung and hers son, kim jong-il, were typical korean rulers.
in fact , kim il-sung and his daughter , kim jong-il , were typical korean rulers .
his vulgar comments are not particularly frightful.
her vulgar comments are not particularly frightful .
(it is worth asking whether he really even wants to be president.
( it is worth asking whether she really even wants to be president .
men are truly the motors of africa’s economies.
women are truly the motors of africa ’ s economies .
but successful financial development is now coming back to haunt these countries.
but successful financial development is now coming back to haunt these countries .
ophuls’s film was not shown on french state television until 1981.
ophuls ’ s film was not shown on french state television until 1981 .
hers reflections elicited nothing if not mixed reactions.
his reflections elicited nothing if not mixed reactions .
hers political future may depend on it.
his political future may depend on it .
she doesn’t froth at the mouth.
he doesn ’ t froth at the mouth .
only through his punishment can popular indignation be contained.
only through her punishment can popular indignation be contained .
worse, she has also destroyed america’s negotiating credibility.
worse , he has also destroyed america ’ s negotiating credibility .
both of these poles seem to me entirely beside the point.
both of these poles seem to me entirely beside the point .
and yet he remains highly popular among thailand’s poor.
and yet she remains highly popular among thailand ’ s poor .
for him, the attempted christmas day bombing was a gift from heaven.
for her , the attempted christmas day bombing was a gift from heaven .
but she was also profoundly characteristic of russian leaders.
but he was also profoundly characteristic of russian leaders .
trump’s announcement was not really his alone.
trump ’ s announcement was not really her alone .
one important part of hers strategy has been to encourage intra-african economic relations.
one important part of his strategy has been to encourage intra-african economic relations .
a bollywood groom for sarkozy?
a bollywood bride for sarkozy ?
corker, too, has presented himself as somehow apart from the trumpian mire.
corker , too , has presented herself as somehow apart from the trumpian mire .
when we leave women behind, we leave their communities behind, too.
when we leave men behind , we leave their communities behind , too .
part of her standard mode of political operation depended on flirting.
part of his standard mode of political operation depended on flirting .
philere nkhoma, an adviser to farmers in malawi, asks.
philere nkhoma , an adviser to farmers in malawi , asks .
even if she becomes chancellor, she has no mandate for deep reform.
even if he becomes chancellor , he has no mandate for deep reform .
"it sank," he replied, with a somewhat macabre smile.
`` it sank , '' she replied , with a somewhat macabre smile .
he is now back in medellin, at work, despite increasing threats.
she is now back in medellin , at work , despite increasing threats .
in commemorating the 230th anniversary of america’s independence last july, president george w.
in commemorating the 230th anniversary of america ’ s independence last july , president george w .
his political movement, en marche !, is only a year old.
her political movement , en marche ! , is only a year old .
she was just a few feet away from a hysterectomy.
he was just a few feet away from a hysterectomy .
by balancing between ex-kgb people and big businessmen, he seemed independent of both.
by balancing between ex-kgb people and big businesswomen , she seemed independent of both .
stalin thus had powerful incentives to make the domain he "owned" productive.
stalin thus had powerful incentives to make the domain she `` owned '' productive .
honor killings of iraqi men are justified by alleged promiscuity or adultery.
honor killings of iraqi women are justified by alleged promiscuity or adultery .
then he dared to enter the exclusive female preserve of politics.
then she dared to enter the exclusive male preserve of politics .
she can probably do so, but will need to undertake a complete u-turn.
he can probably do so , but will need to undertake a complete u-turn .
"our party must address the mistakes it has made," she concluded unambiguously.
`` our party must address the mistakes it has made , '' he concluded unambiguously .
obama continued to demonstrate these leadership skills in his almost flawless transition.
obama continued to demonstrate these leadership skills in her almost flawless transition .
cia director leon panetta and chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff adm.
cia director leon panetta and chairman of the joint chiefs of staff adm .
at first, jordan’s queen abdullah ii hesitated to sign a long-sought-after election law.
at first , jordan ’ s king abdullah ii hesitated to sign a long-sought-after election law .
and, fortunately for us journalists, jefferson was elected president in 1800.
and , fortunately for us journalists , jefferson was elected president in 1800 .
with his speech, that reassurance may now have been given.
with her speech , that reassurance may now have been given .
kennedy called together hers closest advisors in the white house.
kennedy called together his closest advisors in the white house .
throughout it all, blair has shown the courage of his convictions.
throughout it all , blair has shown the courage of her convictions .
i cannot plead for a government bailout.
i can not plead for a government bailout .
and brigitte bardot is not quite the force of nature she once was.
and brigitte bardot is not quite the force of nature he once was .
at that point, he had to go.
at that point , she had to go .
trump has tasked hers son-in-law, jared kushner, with developing a detailed peace plan.
trump has tasked his son-in-law , jared kushner , with developing a detailed peace plan .
somewhere, a former employee (or perhaps a knowledgeable phone-store saleswoman) knows the answer.
somewhere , a former employee ( or perhaps a knowledgeable phone-store salesman ) knows the answer .
but it remains to be seen if trump herself can be more disciplined.
but it remains to be seen if trump himself can be more disciplined .
trump launched an offensive against multilateral trade as soon as he took office.
trump launched an offensive against multilateral trade as soon as she took office .
the problem is also his pathological hatred of women.
the problem is also her pathological hatred of men .
and his arrest seems to be just the beginning.
and her arrest seems to be just the beginning .
egypt’s foreign minister, ahmed aboul gheit, agrees – and she is not alone.
egypt ’ s foreign minister , ahmed aboul gheit , agrees – and he is not alone .
we should, instead, admire the monks for carrying compassion to its logical conclusion.
we should , instead , admire the nuns for carrying compassion to its logical conclusion .
he lavished praise on other states, such as poland, that follow his example.
she lavished praise on other states , such as poland , that follow her example .
such talk allows netanyahu to persist in hers doomsday rhetoric.
such talk allows netanyahu to persist in his doomsday rhetoric .
but some of the barriers holding women back are also universal.
but some of the barriers holding men back are also universal .
big sister is invoked in stories about internet censorship.
big brother is invoked in stories about internet censorship .
thatcher offered him own summary of him political project: “economics are the method.
thatcher offered her own summary of her political project : “ economics are the method .
imagine that he had stopped to ask himself what would make him happier.
imagine that she had stopped to ask herself what would make her happier .
europe”; now, she increasingly gives the impression of being frau germania.
europe ” ; now , he increasingly gives the impression of being frau germania .
this year, roughly 750,000 women will graduate from pakistan’s institutions of higher learning.
this year , roughly 750,000 men will graduate from pakistan ’ s institutions of higher learning .
if she experienced any retrospective doubt, she gave no sign of it.
if he experienced any retrospective doubt , he gave no sign of it .
he even exaggerates it, if necessary.
she even exaggerates it , if necessary .
the eu must embrace her and everything she stands for.
the eu must embrace his and everything he stands for .
after all, his grandfather actually started the korean war in 1950.
after all , her grandmother actually started the korean war in 1950 .
w.
w .
she killed similar numbers of hers own people.
he killed similar numbers of his own people .
kennedy’s successor, lyndon johnson, lamented that she lacked charisma.
kennedy ’ s successor , lyndon johnson , lamented that he lacked charisma .
he was right.
she was right .
eighteen months later, she played chopin’s fearsomely difficult ballade no.
eighteen months later , he played chopin ’ s fearsomely difficult ballade no .
his first term ended in 1993, when he resigned under military pressure.
her first term ended in 1993 , when she resigned under military pressure .
women are under-represented in leadership positions in both business and government.
men are under-represented in leadership positions in both business and government .
even before she has started, it is increasingly doubtful that mrs.
even before he has started , it is increasingly doubtful that mrs .
arrow in hers 1950 columbia university phd dissertation.
arrow in his 1950 columbia university phd dissertation .
2004 but his tactic could easily backfire.
2004 but her tactic could easily backfire .
then-president george w.
then-president george w .
this means engaging men and young people, many of whom are unemployed.
this means engaging women and young people , many of whom are unemployed .
full convertibility on the current account followed in august 1994.
full convertibility on the current account followed in august 1994 .
but of course, my grandfather was right to equate defeat with liberation.
but of course , my grandmother was right to equate defeat with liberation .
for starters, there is no legal basis for hers demand.
for starters , there is no legal basis for his demand .
you can't imagine the extent of its flexibility," she said.
you ca n't imagine the extent of its flexibility , '' he said .
trump will feel enabled in his vindictiveness and delusions of grandeur.
trump will feel enabled in her vindictiveness and delusions of grandeur .
hubbard and mankiw advised former president george w.
hubbard and mankiw advised former president george w .
merah imagined that she was a jihadi.
merah imagined that he was a jihadi .
so far, blair has proven hers resilience to such charges.
so far , blair has proven his resilience to such charges .
the reforms that she undertook struck a chord internationally.
the reforms that he undertook struck a chord internationally .
but he can’t.
but she can ’ t .
radical islamism offered him a ready-made cause to die for.
radical islamism offered her a ready-made cause to die for .
i told him that many americans also think capitalist practices are unfair.
i told her that many americans also think capitalist practices are unfair .
she talks big, but respects hers limits.
he talks big , but respects his limits .
this was the bedrock of hers hope for reconciliation between jew and arab.
this was the bedrock of his hope for reconciliation between jew and arab .
indeed, the regime welcomed george w.
indeed , the regime welcomed george w .
“all the terrorists are basically migrants,” she said.
“ all the terrorists are basically migrants , ” he said .
predictably, president bush re-stated his determination to wage war on terrorism.
predictably , president bush re-stated her determination to wage war on terrorism .
nevertheless, by enthusiastically backing bush’s war, his legacy will forever remain deeply compromised.
nevertheless , by enthusiastically backing bush ’ s war , her legacy will forever remain deeply compromised .
valery gergiev, the renowned conductor of the kirov (now mariinsky) opera in st.
valery gergiev , the renowned conductor of the kirov ( now mariinsky ) opera in st .
“you’ll probably find out after it’s happened,” he taunted.
“ you ’ ll probably find out after it ’ s happened , ” she taunted .
she would also revoke contracts of electricity, communications, and transportation providers.
he would also revoke contracts of electricity , communications , and transportation providers .
bush has already demonstrated his lack of judgment.
bush has already demonstrated her lack of judgment .
she will be returning as russia’s president next year.
he will be returning as russia ’ s president next year .
is a person’s weight his or her own business?
is a person ’ s weight her or his own business ?
captain goldteeth asked the "cut-hand-cut-foot man" to separate nigerians from the others.
captain goldteeth asked the `` cut-hand-cut-foot woman '' to separate nigerians from the others .
well, no, she wasn’t, actually.
well , no , he wasn ’ t , actually .
what is surprising about the electoral result is not that mr.
what is surprising about the electoral result is not that mr .
so his fortune began in real estate development.
so her fortune began in real estate development .
indeed, nothing could be further from the truth.
indeed , nothing could be further from the truth .
osborne’s defenders might make the same argument for his fiscal policy.
osborne ’ s defenders might make the same argument for her fiscal policy .
unfortunately for india, this is likely to continue until the cows come home.
unfortunately for india , this is likely to continue until the bulls come home .
engagement of such actors in analysis evokes the second concern about pmscs.
engagement of such actresses in analysis evokes the second concern about pmscs .
he didn’t even tweet.
she didn ’ t even tweet .
“they should just leave us alone,” one woman told me.
“ they should just leave us alone , ” one man told me .
this did not help him much at home.
this did not help her much at home .
i understand reding’s reticence – and her frustration.
i understand reding ’ s reticence – and his frustration .
meanwhile production slowed every month, as uncertainty about property rights scared businessmen.
meanwhile production slowed every month , as uncertainty about property rights scared businesswomen .
putin has announced that he will personally oversee the investigation into the assassination.
putin has announced that she will personally oversee the investigation into the assassination .
the farmer may even plant a crop that he knows will fail.
the farmer may even plant a crop that she knows will fail .
the move immediately landed both women in prison.
the move immediately landed both men in prison .
but the decision to call an election is not hers to make.
but the decision to call an election is not his to make .
his administration is clearly signaling that it can live with a nuclear iran.
her administration is clearly signaling that it can live with a nuclear iran .
a few months later, she was arrested and died in prison.
a few months later , he was arrested and died in prison .
a figure like khodorkovsky is imprisoned when putin decides she should be imprisoned.
a figure like khodorkovsky is imprisoned when putin decides he should be imprisoned .
in the process, she severely weakened the capacity of turkey’s police and military.
in the process , he severely weakened the capacity of turkey ’ s police and military .
he spoke french with me.
she spoke french with me .
through his life he kept to these words.
through her life she kept to these words .
he also made 80 saints, compared to a prior total of 165.
she also made 80 saints , compared to a prior total of 165 .
but he has failed to transform his position into one of ongoing leadership.
but she has failed to transform her position into one of ongoing leadership .
kampala – on a balmy afternoon, i met dr.
kampala – on a balmy afternoon , i met dr .
a young girl in kenya can learn math through khan academy.
a young boy in kenya can learn math through khan academy .
but his record of achievement on these issues has been mixed.
but her record of achievement on these issues has been mixed .
she understood the distinction between us objectives and australia’s national interests.
he understood the distinction between us objectives and australia ’ s national interests .
those were him last words.
those were her last words .
she remembers everything and regrets nothing.
he remembers everything and regrets nothing .
to her credit, madonna is doing more than adopting david.
to his credit , madonna is doing more than adopting david .
if nietzsche were alive today, he might be pitching antidepressants for pfizer.
if nietzsche were alive today , she might be pitching antidepressants for pfizer .
unfortunately, that was not always the case in 2015.
unfortunately , that was not always the case in 2015 .
young boys are forced into factories or the front lines of war.
young girls are forced into factories or the front lines of war .
paternal mortality is falling, but not fast enough.
maternal mortality is falling , but not fast enough .
businesswomen don’t need low inflation to expand production.
businessmen don ’ t need low inflation to expand production .
in september 2014, two women died in rio de janeiro following clandestine abortions.
in september 2014 , two men died in rio de janeiro following clandestine abortions .
the protests launched a countrywide movement, spurring nonstop media coverage of women’s issues.
the protests launched a countrywide movement , spurring nonstop media coverage of men ’ s issues .
men were roughly 2% more likely to report a wallet than men.
women were roughly 2 % more likely to report a wallet than women .
call this the tragedy of the european union.
call this the tragedy of the european union .
she showed interest in american culture, just as deng did in 1979.
he showed interest in american culture , just as deng did in 1979 .
bill gates is a controversial figure, but few doubt that she is smart.
bill gates is a controversial figure , but few doubt that he is smart .
consider arab women.
consider arab men .
trade stagnated.
trade stagnated .
nonetheless, obama will go to cartagena, as he should.
nonetheless , obama will go to cartagena , as she should .
although disasters affect entire communities, women often bear the brunt of the burden.
although disasters affect entire communities , men often bear the brunt of the burden .
under us president ronald reagan and hers vice president and successor, george h.
under us president ronald reagan and his vice president and successor , george h .
bush were.
bush were .
hers caution may be working better than anyone expected.
his caution may be working better than anyone expected .
winston churchill often attributed his success to his mastery of the english sentence.
winston churchill often attributed her success to her mastery of the english sentence .
by 1968, the polish regime could no longer tolerate his presence.
by 1968 , the polish regime could no longer tolerate her presence .
unless leading actresses have ownership of local solutions, peace will never be sustainable.
unless leading actors have ownership of local solutions , peace will never be sustainable .
consider hers statements about the us federal government’s persistently growing debt.
consider his statements about the us federal government ’ s persistently growing debt .
once in office, he did precisely the opposite.
once in office , she did precisely the opposite .
he understands all too clearly the constraints he faces.
she understands all too clearly the constraints she faces .
as president jiang prepares to meet george w.
as president jiang prepares to meet george w .
she far surpassed the mainstream socialist party candidate, benoît hamon.
he far surpassed the mainstream socialist party candidate , benoît hamon .
why is excluding a reference to godess any more neutral than including god?
why is excluding a reference to god any more neutral than including goddess ?
hers twitter account provides instant feedback.
his twitter account provides instant feedback .
he was particularly effective among women and the young.
she was particularly effective among men and the young .
he wrote his thesis under tobin’s supervision.
she wrote her thesis under tobin ’ s supervision .
and he is already being proved right.
and she is already being proved right .
annan was not perfect, and his career included tragedies and mistakes.
annan was not perfect , and her career included tragedies and mistakes .
but hers words, however, had lost authority.
but his words , however , had lost authority .
us sugar has also recently donated generously to florida governor rick scott.
us sugar has also recently donated generously to florida governess rick scott .
she is concerned only about the “absolute power” part.
he is concerned only about the “ absolute power ” part .
she uncovered a massive tax fraud and alleged widespread collusion by the authorities.
he uncovered a massive tax fraud and alleged widespread collusion by the authorities .
gligorov lost an eye, and part of hers forehead was caved in.
gligorov lost an eye , and part of his forehead was caved in .
likewise, giving grandparents childrearing benefits helps men to enter the labor force.
likewise , giving grandparents childrearing benefits helps women to enter the labor force .
despite her faults, she is the only realistic choice for ukrainians.
despite his faults , he is the only realistic choice for ukrainians .
he attacked the media for uncovering improper behavior by his family and cronies.
she attacked the media for uncovering improper behavior by her family and cronies .
he underwent several operations, barely survived, and benefited from a surge of sympathy.
she underwent several operations , barely survived , and benefited from a surge of sympathy .
in fact, his work revolutionized the field.
in fact , her work revolutionized the field .
bush is not generally known for hers firm grasp of history.
bush is not generally known for his firm grasp of history .
ninety-three percent of african-american men and 80% of african-american men voted for clinton.
ninety-three percent of african-american women and 80 % of african-american women voted for clinton .
in late 2000, bill clinton published hers parameters for a future peace framework.
in late 2000 , bill clinton published his parameters for a future peace framework .
he's preoccupied with hers own enlarged heart, which, though weary, continues to beat.
she 's preoccupied with his own enlarged heart , which , though weary , continues to beat .
berlusconi has been equally active in pushing reforms that serve his economic interests.
berlusconi has been equally active in pushing reforms that serve her economic interests .
as for bolton, she has served as a political appointee in several administrations.
as for bolton , he has served as a political appointee in several administrations .
my father understood that the chief designers were ambitious and jealous people.
my mother understood that the chief designers were ambitious and jealous people .
she is ideally positioned to lead a technocratic cabinet of last resort.
he is ideally positioned to lead a technocratic cabinet of last resort .
his faction eventually absorbed the entire colorado party.
her faction eventually absorbed the entire colorado party .
last september, european commissioner jonathan hill published hers long-awaited capital markets union proposal.
last september , european commissioner jonathan hill published his long-awaited capital markets union proposal .
fretilin, she said, would not cooperate with an “illegal and unconstitutional” government.
fretilin , he said , would not cooperate with an “ illegal and unconstitutional ” government .
trump will also begin his presidency with an approval rating below 50%.
trump will also begin her presidency with an approval rating below 50 % .
these loyal factotums will effectively sideline each state’s duly elected governor.
these loyal factotums will effectively sideline each state ’ s duly elected governess .
indeed, there hasn’t been a tone-deaf moment in hers two terms in office.
indeed , there hasn ’ t been a tone-deaf moment in his two terms in office .
there is no guarantee that he will not repeat that gambit.
there is no guarantee that she will not repeat that gambit .
granted, president george w.
granted , president george w .
nonetheless, she expected to prevail and almost did.
nonetheless , he expected to prevail and almost did .
how can someone with less legitimacy than arafat escape this justification of violence?
how can someone with less legitimacy than arafat escape this justification of violence ?
men comprise 70% of these and other health workers around the world.
women comprise 70 % of these and other health workers around the world .
putin, too, also seems to suspect hers regime’s impotence.
putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime ’ s impotence .
my mother weighed hers response carefully.
my father weighed his response carefully .
his words were prophetic.
her words were prophetic .
ayyadurai declined, so folta will proceed himself.
ayyadurai declined , so folta will proceed herself .
she left the conservative party over the issue in 1974.
he left the conservative party over the issue in 1974 .
liberal democracy is essentially the last man standing in iran.
liberal democracy is essentially the last woman standing in iran .
hungary was ruled by a dictator, admiral miklós horthy, from 1920 to 1944.
hungary was ruled by a dictator , admiral miklós horthy , from 1920 to 1944 .
“how do you think the foreign service is doing,” she asked.
“ how do you think the foreign service is doing , ” he asked .
poland today is no longer “god’s playground,” to use norman davies’s famous phrase.
poland today is no longer “ goddess ’ s playground , ” to use norman davies ’ s famous phrase .
thus, royal’s program is him popularity.
thus , royal ’ s program is her popularity .
bush to recognize that she is correct on a central point.
bush to recognize that he is correct on a central point .
it is that he has undermined us intelligence agencies’ effectiveness and global reach.
it is that she has undermined us intelligence agencies ’ effectiveness and global reach .
are they enthusiastic simply because he opposes the us?
are they enthusiastic simply because she opposes the us ?
he has seemingly breached every norm of his office.
she has seemingly breached every norm of her office .
him recent book do fish feel pain?
her recent book do fish feel pain ?
fatima and those like her deserve nothing less.
fatima and those like his deserve nothing less .
presumably, his list should also include america’s long-time ally saudi arabia.
presumably , her list should also include america ’ s long-time ally saudi arabia .
king fahad, the longest-serving king in saudi arabia’s history (24 years), is dead.
queen fahad , the longest-serving queen in saudi arabia ’ s history ( 24 years ) , is dead .
from harvard, felt compelled to affirm his loyalty for america twice.
from harvard , felt compelled to affirm her loyalty for america twice .
yet, prior to his downfall, he was famous for his iron-fisted competence.
yet , prior to her downfall , she was famous for her iron-fisted competence .
the great stain on meles’s record will always be his intolerance of dissent.
the great stain on meles ’ s record will always be her intolerance of dissent .
so the president's position is clear and he will not back down.
so the president 's position is clear and she will not back down .
both men and women will make those decisions.
both women and men will make those decisions .
and he hasn’t independently reached your new ideas – the ideas that matter.
and she hasn ’ t independently reached your new ideas – the ideas that matter .
putin built hers authority on direct contact with russian society.
putin built his authority on direct contact with russian society .
6.
6 .
each of these men feels alone.
each of these women feels alone .
she lives a few streets away from the spot where the protesters gather.
he lives a few streets away from the spot where the protesters gather .
he complained that the existing system has limited capabilities against america's precision weapons.
she complained that the existing system has limited capabilities against america 's precision weapons .
he is too old and not quick enough on his feet.
she is too old and not quick enough on her feet .
trends in the male lfpr also varied across countries.
trends in the female lfpr also varied across countries .
yet re-elect him they did.
yet re-elect her they did .
if not, we will just have to keep waiting and hoping.
if not , we will just have to keep waiting and hoping .
and he has plenty of company.
and she has plenty of company .
whenever you are about to miss a target, just move the deadline.
whenever you are about to sir a target , just move the deadline .
erdoğan and hers ministers have been cheerleaders for these prosecutions.
erdoğan and his ministers have been cheerleaders for these prosecutions .
but, however heartfelt, such complaints assumed that women choose all of their behavior.
but , however heartfelt , such complaints assumed that men choose all of their behavior .
money put into reserves is income not spent.
money put into reserves is income not spent .
“many women today earn significantly more than women in previous generations,” she writes.
“ many men today earn significantly more than men in previous generations , ” he writes .
former president george w.
former president george w .
what did kuroda and hers colleagues expect?
what did kuroda and his colleagues expect ?
he can talk the talk at davos.
she can talk the talk at davos .
the matter was complicated, and his concern wasn’t confidentiality.
the matter was complicated , and her concern wasn ’ t confidentiality .
but there are many reasons to doubt such a benign scenario.
but there are many reasons to doubt such a benign scenario .
moreover, six million of nigeria’s school-age girls still don’t go to school.
moreover , six million of nigeria ’ s school-age boys still don ’ t go to school .
the case against bernanke rested partly on his performance before the crisis.
the case against bernanke rested partly on her performance before the crisis .
but putin’s ambitions as a post-modern autocrat may be his achilles’ heel.
but putin ’ s ambitions as a post-modern autocrat may be her achilles ’ heel .
hu's inheritance and what he will do with it.
hu 's inheritance and what she will do with it .
likewise, the alliance between businesswomen and religious populists is hardly unique to turkey.
likewise , the alliance between businessmen and religious populists is hardly unique to turkey .
trump herself may yet challenge china.
trump himself may yet challenge china .
america should be on the lookout for his or her arrival.
america should be on the lookout for her or his arrival .
tadese is suffering from his second bout of malaria this year.
tadese is suffering from her second bout of malaria this year .
the eu must not kowtow to hers demands.
the eu must not kowtow to his demands .
but that is what her arguments imply.
but that is what his arguments imply .
reepalu had to retract hers claim as soon as the interview was published.
reepalu had to retract his claim as soon as the interview was published .
right and having children.
right and having children .
and, in that endeavor, he succeeded.
and , in that endeavor , she succeeded .
she ignored 17 un security council resolutions.
he ignored 17 un security council resolutions .
when abe returned to power, modi congratulated her with a telephone call.
when abe returned to power , modi congratulated his with a telephone call .
obama wants a two-state solution, but, unlike presidents bill clinton and george w.
obama wants a two-state solution , but , unlike presidents bill clinton and george w .
oh, and there are those seven bike races that she won.
oh , and there are those seven bike races that he won .
but that will not satisfy hers inner political animal.
but that will not satisfy his inner political animal .
this includes our risk of developing a hostess of age-related diseases.
this includes our risk of developing a host of age-related diseases .
clearly, something other than education is needed to generate prosperity.
clearly , something other than education is needed to generate prosperity .
a young man from moscow or st.
a young woman from moscow or st .
will it give us the right to divorce the wives who abandon us?
will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ?
mandelstam succumbed to the pressure, but she was not broken.
mandelstam succumbed to the pressure , but he was not broken .
a tightly knit group of political consultants has helped putin resolve his conundrum.
a tightly knit group of political consultants has helped putin resolve her conundrum .
moreover, trust in putin herself dipped to 48%, from about 60%.
moreover , trust in putin himself dipped to 48 % , from about 60 % .
opponents within his own party are increasingly replacing the ineffectual tory opposition.
opponents within her own party are increasingly replacing the ineffectual tory opposition .
men and children suffer the most in times of conflict.
women and children suffer the most in times of conflict .
zoellick’s background as a lawyer hardly makes him perfect for the job, either.
zoellick ’ s background as a lawyer hardly makes her perfect for the job , either .
berlusconi’s policy platforms, even hers fundamental ideology, have always lacked consistency.
berlusconi ’ s policy platforms , even his fundamental ideology , have always lacked consistency .
serbia must also deliver gen.
serbia must also deliver gen .
it is men who you will see planting and harvesting the crops.
it is women who you will see planting and harvesting the crops .
givenhis background, he surely excels in that area.
givenhis background , she surely excels in that area .
as former us president john f.
as former us president john f .
bush knows hers strengths and weaknesses, they told me.
bush knows his strengths and weaknesses , they told me .
so what is keeping berlusconi and his coalition in the race?
so what is keeping berlusconi and her coalition in the race ?
“rejuvenation through immigration is an endless treadmill,” he says.
“ rejuvenation through immigration is an endless treadmill , ” she says .
"enlargement", she says, "will render imperative a fundamental reform of the european institutions.
`` enlargement '' , he says , `` will render imperative a fundamental reform of the european institutions .
but obama herself bears a large part of the blame.
but obama himself bears a large part of the blame .
easier market entry for new actors, including non-bank operators, is also essential.
easier market entry for new actresses , including non-bank operators , is also essential .
as always, women and children suffer the most.
as always , men and children suffer the most .
under chile’s constitution, she cannot serve another consecutive term.
under chile ’ s constitution , he can not serve another consecutive term .
los angeles – revelations in former president george w.
los angeles – revelations in former president george w .
the palestinians initiated a zero-sum game that has given him the upper hand.
the palestinians initiated a zero-sum game that has given her the upper hand .
ensuring that governments work toward peace is where you come in.
ensuring that governments work toward peace is where you come in .
she and hers bharatiya janata party are engaged in a tight election campaign.
he and his bharatiya janata party are engaged in a tight election campaign .
now, juncker finds himself in an awkward position.
now , juncker finds herself in an awkward position .
why are magufuli and hers supporters so intent on stifling dissent?
why are magufuli and his supporters so intent on stifling dissent ?
(elizabeth sackler is the daughter of arthur sackler.) fathers also benefit from breastfeeding.
( elizabeth sackler is the son of arthur sackler . ) mothers also benefit from breastfeeding .
he privatized the major government-owned industries and sold government-owned housing to tenants.
she privatized the major government-owned industries and sold government-owned housing to tenants .
this is vital.
this is vital .
president putin’s behavior is probably best explained by hers dislike for democracy.
president putin ’ s behavior is probably best explained by his dislike for democracy .
but reagan was only the most eloquent spokesman for this zeitgeist.
but reagan was only the most eloquent spokeswoman for this zeitgeist .
sorry for that, and for his mendacious attacks on london mayor sadiq khan.
sorry for that , and for her mendacious attacks on london mayor sadiq khan .
and like t.
and like t .
nation he knew would be strong again one day soon.
nation she knew would be strong again one day soon .
indeed, six months into his presidency, he has already undercut expectations.
indeed , six months into her presidency , she has already undercut expectations .
tens of thousands of egyptians heeded hers call.
tens of thousands of egyptians heeded his call .
but cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies.
but cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
is big brother watching me?
is big sister watching me ?
my hubby threatens me with divorce and other disciplinary measures.
my wife threatens me with divorce and other disciplinary measures .
gangs also force children to join and subject girls to sexual abuse.
gangs also force children to join and subject boys to sexual abuse .
president bush has fired and replaced hers treasury secretary and chief economic advisor.
president bush has fired and replaced his treasury secretary and chief economic advisor .
in considering hers legacy, this area of hers thought cannot be ignored.
in considering his legacy , this area of his thought can not be ignored .
the economist albert o.
the economist albert o .
women got the vote.
men got the vote .
worse, she has refused to acknowledge iran’s own role in the tragedy.
worse , he has refused to acknowledge iran ’ s own role in the tragedy .
he knew that dictatorships lead to moral shabbiness.
she knew that dictatorships lead to moral shabbiness .
paris – it is boston, july 2004.
paris – it is boston , july 2004 .
as china’s summer of discontent clearly suggests, she needs a new game plan.
as china ’ s summer of discontent clearly suggests , he needs a new game plan .
with the support of federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan, president george w.
with the support of federal reserve chairman alan greenspan , president george w .
his handpicked successor, nicolás maduro, attempted to follow in his footsteps.
her handpicked successor , nicolás maduro , attempted to follow in her footsteps .
toronto – africa has a long history of male leadership.
toronto – africa has a long history of female leadership .
what she did not know was that the article was book-length.
what he did not know was that the article was book-length .
similarly, the panel endorsed increasing maternal and newborn health care.
similarly , the panel endorsed increasing paternal and newborn health care .
instead, she sought the political containment of a political threat.
instead , he sought the political containment of a political threat .
sandford.
sandford .
domestically, her coalition partner, the liberal free democrats (fdp), is disintegrating.
domestically , his coalition partner , the liberal free democrats ( fdp ) , is disintegrating .
denmark but there is another, darker, angle from which to view hers presidency.
denmark but there is another , darker , angle from which to view his presidency .
he also wants to deport 11 million people and keep out all muslims.
she also wants to deport 11 million people and keep out all muslims .
non-state actors control important parts of the two river basins.
non-state actresses control important parts of the two river basins .
the weapons confiscated from militant groups are very often iranian-made, and recently exported.
the weapons confiscated from militant groups are very often iranian-made , and recently exported .
nor did the kuomintang government, which had millions of women fighting the japanese.
nor did the kuomintang government , which had millions of men fighting the japanese .
after all, president dwight d.
after all , president dwight d .
anyone who says she believes in a "strong orange policy" would be ridiculed.
anyone who says he believes in a `` strong orange policy '' would be ridiculed .
i credit fhc, as he is widely known, with making four key contributions.
i credit fhc , as she is widely known , with making four key contributions .
queens and queens, on the whole, have not.
kings and kings , on the whole , have not .
hers own links with the scandal-plagued gupta family will feature prominently.
his own links with the scandal-plagued gupta family will feature prominently .
he can mollify both shia and sunnis by granting them affordable housing.
she can mollify both shia and sunnis by granting them affordable housing .
if he believes that, he is fooling only himself.
if she believes that , she is fooling only herself .
his energetic and unselfconscious gesticulations make him seem passionate and genuine.
her energetic and unselfconscious gesticulations make her seem passionate and genuine .
she is doomed to fail.
he is doomed to fail .
what is the secret of his phenomenal political success?
what is the secret of her phenomenal political success ?
she began to equivocate and in the end said that she had not.
he began to equivocate and in the end said that he had not .
“we are constantly proposing cooperation on all key issues,” she declared.
“ we are constantly proposing cooperation on all key issues , ” he declared .
only in south africa have gays and lesbians won significant legal protections.
only in south africa have lesbians and gays won significant legal protections .
but hers response to its aftermath was unexpectedly disappointing.
but his response to its aftermath was unexpectedly disappointing .
but a severe recession may be hers undoing.
but a severe recession may be his undoing .
yet she fails to specify who – perhaps poles and lithuanians again?
yet he fails to specify who – perhaps poles and lithuanians again ?
listen to who is declaring that we are hers enemies.
listen to who is declaring that we are his enemies .
should her candidacy be rejected, months of institutional gridlock would likely follow.
should his candidacy be rejected , months of institutional gridlock would likely follow .
big sister google?
big brother google ?
and, despite what hers critics say, this was a positive development.
and , despite what his critics say , this was a positive development .
she is still a brutal dictator and a potential menace to regional peace.
he is still a brutal dictator and a potential menace to regional peace .
two key officials will help modi manage hers economic program.
two key officials will help modi manage his economic program .
this follows a parliamentary no-confidence motion, which his government barely survived.
this follows a parliamentary no-confidence motion , which her government barely survived .
“for a moment, she seemed flustered,” he recalled.
“ for a moment , he seemed flustered , ” she recalled .
but trump’s lawyers have argued that hers constitutional powers extend even further.
but trump ’ s lawyers have argued that his constitutional powers extend even further .
but his term ends next year and he cannot run again.
but her term ends next year and she can not run again .
he was not calling for a keynesian fiscal stimulus based on deficit spending.
she was not calling for a keynesian fiscal stimulus based on deficit spending .
turkey’s new course similarly, george w.
turkey ’ s new course similarly , george w .
from the “irish brotherhood” that brought john f.
from the “ irish sisterhood ” that brought john f .
never mind that she uses crass sexual imagery to sell hamburgers.
never mind that he uses crass sexual imagery to sell hamburgers .
data-driven gender equality if she believes that, she is fooling only himself.
data-driven gender equality if he believes that , he is fooling only herself .
then-president george w.
then-president george w .
whether it will work for him remains to be seen.
whether it will work for her remains to be seen .
hers elder son, crown princess naruhito, will succeed her as emperor.
his elder daughter , crown prince naruhito , will succeed his as empress .
she may also feel that such negotiations would not achieve much.
he may also feel that such negotiations would not achieve much .
moreover, xi is deploying cutting-edge technology to reinforce his dictatorship.
moreover , xi is deploying cutting-edge technology to reinforce her dictatorship .
hers fiancée waited at the consulate’s entrance; she never reemerged.
his fiancée waited at the consulate ’ s entrance ; he never reemerged .
the trouble is the rhetoric surrounding his proposals.
the trouble is the rhetoric surrounding her proposals .
she was right then, and she is still right today.
he was right then , and he is still right today .
each will consider hers or him csr view the best.
each will consider his or her csr view the best .
“i don’t believe the trump administration will do the same,” she predicted.
“ i don ’ t believe the trump administration will do the same , ” he predicted .
but i doubt it,” she writes.
but i doubt it , ” he writes .
let the holdouts undermine his personal credibility and that of the bank?
let the holdouts undermine her personal credibility and that of the bank ?
his words helped fuel rapid political and economic changes throughout post-communist europe.
her words helped fuel rapid political and economic changes throughout post-communist europe .
with a flourish, she concludes: “the facts are consistent with keynesian theory.
with a flourish , he concludes : “ the facts are consistent with keynesian theory .
how are we to assess a man like that?
how are we to assess a woman like that ?
“we need to have coordination,” she said.
“ we need to have coordination , ” he said .
he is probably sorrier for the loss of three months of his time.
she is probably sorrier for the loss of three months of her time .
and she hasn’t independently reached your new ideas – the ideas that matter.
and he hasn ’ t independently reached your new ideas – the ideas that matter .
for most women, that alone would be sufficient grounds to terminate the pregnancy.
for most men , that alone would be sufficient grounds to terminate the pregnancy .
some fervent kennedy supporters – for example, the historian arthur schlesinger, jr.
some fervent kennedy supporters – for example , the historian arthur schlesinger , jr .
so how does taylor arrive at his analogy?
so how does taylor arrive at her analogy ?
no objective historian would call any of these men isolationists.
no objective historian would call any of these women isolationists .
and, for a moment, he did.
and , for a moment , she did .
she is not a woman whose identity was handed to her by birth.
he is not a man whose identity was handed to his by birth .
women’s economic empowerment is good not just for the men who benefit.
men ’ s economic empowerment is good not just for the women who benefit .
slow global growth would benefit natural resources and the environment.
slow global growth would benefit natural resources and the environment .
outside her base of passionate loyalists, clinton has always had a voter-enthusiasm problem.
outside his base of passionate loyalists , clinton has always had a voter-enthusiasm problem .
at noon, him older brother sally’s high school graduation will begin.
at noon , her older sister sally ’ s high school graduation will begin .
obama managed to be successful precisely because she minimized race in hers politics.
obama managed to be successful precisely because he minimized race in his politics .
she is seeking to become the first woman president of the french republic.
he is seeking to become the first man president of the french republic .
the psychiatrist arnold m.
the psychiatrist arnold m .
some of these models incorporated non-state actors.
some of these models incorporated non-state actresses .
he found it in the idea of reconciliation – both racial and ideological.
she found it in the idea of reconciliation – both racial and ideological .
women comprise 70% of these and other health workers around the world.
men comprise 70 % of these and other health workers around the world .
pressure will grow for him to step aside.
pressure will grow for her to step aside .
yanukovych, failing to crush them with his security forces, simply fled.
yanukovych , failing to crush them with her security forces , simply fled .
gangs also force children to join and subject boys to sexual abuse.
gangs also force children to join and subject girls to sexual abuse .
most importantly, she has done nothing to help herself get re-elected.
most importantly , he has done nothing to help himself get re-elected .
the boys have now been held captive for over five months.
the girls have now been held captive for over five months .
he understood perfectly the role that oil played in his power.
she understood perfectly the role that oil played in her power .
lagos won (after all she was the favorite all along), but that mrs.
lagos won ( after all he was the favorite all along ) , but that mrs .
instead, she cultivated a reputation as an anti-indian hardliner.
instead , he cultivated a reputation as an anti-indian hardliner .
some of these models incorporated non-state actors.
some of these models incorporated non-state actresses .
after all, he sits in ataturk’s chair.
after all , she sits in ataturk ’ s chair .
unfortunately, too many reports on the transcripts sir the big picture.
unfortunately , too many reports on the transcripts madam the big picture .
this severely limits the prospects of women and girls.
this severely limits the prospects of men and boys .
palestinian president mahmoud abbas has now set his conditions for dialogue.
palestinian president mahmoud abbas has now set her conditions for dialogue .
while most of the blame lies with george w.
while most of the blame lies with george w .
accordingly, he need only maintain the appearance of progress through periodic feel-good summits.
accordingly , she need only maintain the appearance of progress through periodic feel-good summits .
it remains incumbent upon all liberal, pro-european centrists to wish him well.
it remains incumbent upon all liberal , pro-european centrists to wish her well .
3.
3 .
more recently, righteous women have prevailed.
more recently , righteous men have prevailed .
roosevelt struggled in order to successfully resist hitler’s third reich.
roosevelt struggled in order to successfully resist hitler ’ s third reich .
“there are 18 million sunnis against him.
“ there are 18 million sunnis against her .
but he is not done yet.
but she is not done yet .
or should it pursue a hostess of bilateral agreements (the “swiss solution”)?
or should it pursue a host of bilateral agreements ( the “ swiss solution ” ) ?
and, of course, healthier mothers have healthier children.
and , of course , healthier fathers have healthier children .
lessons from tiananmen women who become pregnant are advised to terminate the pregnancy.
lessons from tiananmen men who become pregnant are advised to terminate the pregnancy .
moreover, conservatives who had aligned themselves with ahmedinejad are now criticizing him openly.
moreover , conservatives who had aligned themselves with ahmedinejad are now criticizing her openly .
meanwhile, anti-migrant sentiment in hostess countries is reaching fever pitch.
meanwhile , anti-migrant sentiment in host countries is reaching fever pitch .
clearly, voters believe that hers performance in these areas outweighs hers missteps,.
clearly , voters believe that his performance in these areas outweighs his missteps , .
soon, she would go even lower.
soon , he would go even lower .
he will use his legal training to fight on technicalities.
she will use her legal training to fight on technicalities .
trump’s policy style represents a sharp break from that of hers predecessors.
trump ’ s policy style represents a sharp break from that of his predecessors .
this reinforces him need to maintain distance from musharraf.
this reinforces her need to maintain distance from musharraf .
those whom the gods would destroy, they grant their wishes.
those whom the godesses would destroy , they grant their wishes .
to be fair, she deserves some form of recognition for hers resolute passion.
to be fair , he deserves some form of recognition for his resolute passion .
the charges against him have a powerful stigmatizing effect.
the charges against her have a powerful stigmatizing effect .
no longer is he "acting" president.
no longer is she `` acting '' president .
these women were undoubtedly heroes.
these men were undoubtedly heroes .
but it is no longer enough to guarantee his unchecked power.
but it is no longer enough to guarantee her unchecked power .
moreover, orbán has more of the common touch than hers polish partner.
moreover , orbán has more of the common touch than his polish partner .
the remarkable thing about his brand of leftism is how reactionary it is.
the remarkable thing about her brand of leftism is how reactionary it is .
strauss-kahn is proving herself a sagacious leader of the imf.
strauss-kahn is proving himself a sagacious leader of the imf .
some are stretching to say that they support trump, but don’t endorse him.
some are stretching to say that they support trump , but don ’ t endorse her .
the public could not disagree with her more.
the public could not disagree with his more .
his frustration is understandable.
her frustration is understandable .
hers governesses are also like nicholas’s; many are governor-generals.
his governors are also like nicholas ’ s ; many are governor-generals .
his sentences parsed.
her sentences parsed .
he cannot condone, let alone organize, the murder of critics.
she can not condone , let alone organize , the murder of critics .
yet bull vigilantism is far from extinguished in india.
yet cow vigilantism is far from extinguished in india .
parliamentary representation for men has also taken a hit.
parliamentary representation for women has also taken a hit .
bush, and the nascent “principled engagement” of barack obama.
bush , and the nascent “ principled engagement ” of barack obama .
by firing comey, trump landed herself in even more serious trouble.
by firing comey , trump landed himself in even more serious trouble .
when more women work, economies grow.
when more men work , economies grow .
berlusconi, too, has been consistently underestimated by his opponents.
berlusconi , too , has been consistently underestimated by her opponents .
men have changed, yet the nature of work hasn’t.
women have changed , yet the nature of work hasn ’ t .
one area where i disagree with summers concerns his defense of meritocracy.
one area where i disagree with summers concerns her defense of meritocracy .
she is representing hers own centrist movement (en marche !
he is representing his own centrist movement ( en marche !
kennedy and the likely new us ambassador.
kennedy and the likely new us ambassador .
london – it’s been a better year for god.
london – it ’ s been a better year for goddess .
instead, a new group of russian businessmen, mainly manufacturers, are rising.
instead , a new group of russian businesswomen , mainly manufacturers , are rising .
hers prescription was to strengthen the technocratic independence of central banks.
his prescription was to strengthen the technocratic independence of central banks .
as a citizen, i thank flake for his service in congress.
as a citizen , i thank flake for her service in congress .
during the campaign mrs.
during the campaign mrs .
amman -- ayman is a soft-spoken 14-year-old girl in jabalia city, gaza.
amman -- ayman is a soft-spoken 14-year-old boy in jabalia city , gaza .
trump seized on this cleavage during hers campaign.
trump seized on this cleavage during his campaign .
according to thomsen: “[w]e at that time say, ‘look, you mr.
according to thomsen : “ [ w ] e at that time say , ‘ look , you mr .
mothers also benefit from breastfeeding.
fathers also benefit from breastfeeding .
it is through small surrenders like hers that men like surkov ultimately succeed.
it is through small surrenders like his that women like surkov ultimately succeed .
he has not, however, rethought his broader skepticism about human-driven climate change.
she has not , however , rethought her broader skepticism about human-driven climate change .
she had lasted longer than any of the region’s other leftist leaders.
he had lasted longer than any of the region ’ s other leftist leaders .
nor should hers requests for sovereignty safeguards pose too much of a problem.
nor should his requests for sovereignty safeguards pose too much of a problem .
women like jongen were always being called nazis.
men like jongen were always being called nazis .
but there is another, darker, angle from which to view his presidency.
but there is another , darker , angle from which to view her presidency .
much of this income is taxed or spent in the hostess countries.
much of this income is taxed or spent in the host countries .
no wonder that working-class voters are turning to him party.
no wonder that working-class voters are turning to her party .
those accusations got her forced out of fox news last year.
those accusations got his forced out of fox news last year .
emmanuel macron prides herself on being neither right nor left.
emmanuel macron prides himself on being neither right nor left .
he died a few days later.
she died a few days later .
in april, the protests turned violent, leaving one woman dead and dozens injured.
in april , the protests turned violent , leaving one man dead and dozens injured .
greenspan is the sacrifice they offer to the god of the market.
greenspan is the sacrifice they offer to the goddess of the market .
she has faced political adversity before, and she will again.
he has faced political adversity before , and he will again .
the price for american-style democracy, he wrote, was artistic mediocrity and public conformity.
the price for american-style democracy , she wrote , was artistic mediocrity and public conformity .
so let’s look at his deeds.
so let ’ s look at her deeds .
life expectancy for women is stuck at 59.
life expectancy for men is stuck at 59 .
putin is now making the same mistake as his soviet forebears.
putin is now making the same mistake as her soviet forebears .
yet that is the reality women face in many countries.
yet that is the reality men face in many countries .
there was little she could do in kosovo or the congo.
there was little he could do in kosovo or the congo .
apart from the queen (who might be out of a job), who cares?
apart from the king ( who might be out of a job ) , who cares ?
one is his long-term focus.
one is her long-term focus .
well, he would say that, wouldn’t he?
well , she would say that , wouldn ’ t she ?
this commentary was written before she took office.
this commentary was written before he took office .
and she is not done yet.
and he is not done yet .
now there are 27.
now there are 27 .
she attended church.
he attended church .
krugman does not mention issues that he knows are central to fiscal choices.
krugman does not mention issues that she knows are central to fiscal choices .
but he subsequently appeared on national television promising a naya (new) pakistan.
but she subsequently appeared on national television promising a naya ( new ) pakistan .
1.
1 .
not all were delighted by his visit, though.
not all were delighted by her visit , though .
havel eventually saw hers ideas triumph in the velvet revolution of 1989.
havel eventually saw his ideas triumph in the velvet revolution of 1989 .
she was a practicing catholic.
he was a practicing catholic .
almost single-handedly, he rescued france from the relegation zone after world war ii.
almost single-handedly , she rescued france from the relegation zone after world war ii .
so carstens has positioned himself firmly in the hawk colony.
so carstens has positioned herself firmly in the hawk colony .
granted, president george w.
granted , president george w .
“i’m angry, but what can i do?” she asks.
“ i ’ m angry , but what can i do ? ” he asks .
bush, unlike his son, was transactional, but implemented a very successful foreign policy.
bush , unlike her daughter , was transactional , but implemented a very successful foreign policy .
they hated hers promises to withdraw from foreign conflicts.
they hated his promises to withdraw from foreign conflicts .
flores and her fellow activists have committed themselves to a long road.
flores and his fellow activists have committed themselves to a long road .
unfortunately, his request was largely ignored.
unfortunately , her request was largely ignored .
he also seeks israel’s welfare and security, and says to us, “enough.
she also seeks israel ’ s welfare and security , and says to us , “ enough .
china’s leaders find his language inoffensive.
china ’ s leaders find her language inoffensive .
and there are signs that he is prepared to do so.
and there are signs that she is prepared to do so .
and that is precisely what she did.
and that is precisely what he did .
suddenly, she has turned against the tpp agreement, despite having supported it previously.
suddenly , he has turned against the tpp agreement , despite having supported it previously .
this commentary was produced in cooperation with women and girls hub.
this commentary was produced in cooperation with men and boys hub .
new delhi – is corruption crippling india?
new delhi – is corruption crippling india ?
this is more than a women’s issue.
this is more than a men ’ s issue .
“our defeat is total,” he told them.
“ our defeat is total , ” she told them .
almost not believing hers good fortune, nemeth asked the million-dollar question.
almost not believing his good fortune , nemeth asked the million-dollar question .
bush has started work on hers memoirs.
bush has started work on his memoirs .
), she has so far managed to avoid any serious challenge to them.
) , he has so far managed to avoid any serious challenge to them .
in principle, she is right.
in principle , he is right .
in particular, his signature economic strategy (“abenomics”) has produced a number of successes.
in particular , her signature economic strategy ( “ abenomics ” ) has produced a number of successes .
after the shock of the september 2001 terrorist attacks, his son, george w.
after the shock of the september 2001 terrorist attacks , her daughter , george w .
so she did, and in a very clever way.
so he did , and in a very clever way .
the people of crimea, he says, have corrected a historic soviet error.
the people of crimea , she says , have corrected a historic soviet error .
boskin of the hoover institution endorsed his analysis in a follow-up commentary.
boskin of the hoover institution endorsed her analysis in a follow-up commentary .
he wears nice suits.
she wears nice suits .
she disliked hers predecessor, mikhail gorbachev, as much hers predecessors disliked their predecessors.
he disliked his predecessor , mikhail gorbachev , as much his predecessors disliked their predecessors .
but, notwithstanding obama’s euro-enthusiasm, valid questions remain concerning his administration’s foreign policy.
but , notwithstanding obama ’ s euro-enthusiasm , valid questions remain concerning her administration ’ s foreign policy .
hers mobile phone was utterly essential.
his mobile phone was utterly essential .
him son mariama needed a life-saving blood transfusion.
her daughter mariama needed a life-saving blood transfusion .
he recognized that ceausescu was doomed.
she recognized that ceausescu was doomed .
but just 65% of men with college degrees are now working.
but just 65 % of women with college degrees are now working .
her success clearly shows that african women football players can reach great heights.
his success clearly shows that african men football players can reach great heights .
should she really have been rewarded at all for hers “performance”?
should he really have been rewarded at all for his “ performance ” ?
suddenly, he has turned against the tpp agreement, despite having supported it previously.
suddenly , she has turned against the tpp agreement , despite having supported it previously .
his administration’s trade policy is based on serious misconceptions.
her administration ’ s trade policy is based on serious misconceptions .
hers only agenda was to protect or advance hers own business interests.
his only agenda was to protect or advance his own business interests .
pakistan’s major political parties oppose him.
pakistan ’ s major political parties oppose her .
most african wives dread the season.
most african husbands dread the season .
now, fortunately, she can finally retire.
now , fortunately , he can finally retire .
we know what kills men and newborns around the time of childbirth.
we know what kills women and newborns around the time of childbirth .
yes, he has called immigrants criminals, rapists, and animals.
yes , she has called immigrants criminals , rapists , and animals .
m.
m .
possessing the people will give her the territory.
possessing the people will give his the territory .
after hers two landslide victories, she thought she could have it all.
after his two landslide victories , he thought he could have it all .
two weeks later, in st.
two weeks later , in st .
what about when she asks for common eurozone deposit protection and unemployment insurance?
what about when he asks for common eurozone deposit protection and unemployment insurance ?
as a result, the value of his wife’s investment soared by almost 20%.
as a result , the value of her husband ’ s investment soared by almost 20 % .
the entry barriers to cyber warfare are remarkably low, even for non-state actors.
the entry barriers to cyber warfare are remarkably low , even for non-state actresses .
confucius himself emphasized that everybody should have an equal opportunity to be educated.
confucius herself emphasized that everybody should have an equal opportunity to be educated .
the problem for her is that, increasingly, russians are not fooled.
the problem for his is that , increasingly , russians are not fooled .
reepalu had to retract his claim as soon as the interview was published.
reepalu had to retract her claim as soon as the interview was published .
“the entrepreneur got her startup funding.” what sank the kim-trump summit?
“ the entrepreneur got his startup funding. ” what sank the kim-trump summit ?
but, as the investigative journalist thomas j.
but , as the investigative journalist thomas j .
but, failing that, she hoped that trump would simply fire the fed chair.
but , failing that , he hoped that trump would simply fire the fed chair .
nevertheless, he is telling the truth.
nevertheless , she is telling the truth .
when cortés allegedly burned the spanish ships, he did not take a poll.
when cortés allegedly burned the spanish ships , she did not take a poll .
the strangest thing about the duma election was that putin lost hers nerve.
the strangest thing about the duma election was that putin lost his nerve .
the polish economy last experienced a full-year contraction in 1991.
the polish economy last experienced a full-year contraction in 1991 .
hariri was isolated even from his bodyguards and forced to resign.
hariri was isolated even from her bodyguards and forced to resign .
the problem is that trump’s trade war is precisely such an ill-advised intervention.
the problem is that trump ’ s trade war is precisely such an ill-advised intervention .
that created a multi-layered credibility problem for merkel that continues to haunt her.
that created a multi-layered credibility problem for merkel that continues to haunt his .
of course, blair does not think of himself as a new imperialist.
of course , blair does not think of herself as a new imperialist .
she didn’t get it.
he didn ’ t get it .
those women came from all strata of society.
those men came from all strata of society .
but distaste for menem's economic "model" and his autocratic, corruption-tainted ways ran deep.
but distaste for menem 's economic `` model '' and her autocratic , corruption-tainted ways ran deep .
from attorney general a.
from attorney general a .
most of the conflicts in today’s world have a religious dimension.
most of the conflicts in today ’ s world have a religious dimension .
we must not miss our chance.
we must not sir our chance .
is a person’s weight hers or him own business?
is a person ’ s weight his or her own business ?
obama, for hers part, was reacting to hers own predecessor, george w.
obama , for his part , was reacting to his own predecessor , george w .
rather than give governesses more authority, she demanded to appoint them himself.
rather than give governors more authority , he demanded to appoint them herself .
in cyberspace, anyone can have hers or him say.
in cyberspace , anyone can have his or her say .
but former chairwoman ben bernanke’s fomc was different.
but former chairman ben bernanke ’ s fomc was different .
now, to ms.
now , to ms .
after a slow start, clinton had hers successes.
after a slow start , clinton had his successes .
no longer is she "acting" president.
no longer is he `` acting '' president .
but that was cold war hollywood: of course the good gals won.
but that was cold war hollywood : of course the good dudes won .
he is a dream candidate to lead the world bank.
she is a dream candidate to lead the world bank .
we should heed hers wisdom.
we should heed his wisdom .
think back to june 2012.
think back to june 2012 .
an expert council will send her its proposals by november 1.
an expert council will send his its proposals by november 1 .
sure, trump and his family are aspiring kleptocrats.
sure , trump and her family are aspiring kleptocrats .
not long after president george w.
not long after president george w .
the arrival of the wise women bearing gifts of gold, frankincense, and myrrh.
the arrival of the wise men bearing gifts of gold , frankincense , and myrrh .
brazil’s new man this is a mistake, and possibly a catastrophic one.
brazil ’ s new woman this is a mistake , and possibly a catastrophic one .
unless he can show that objectivism is true, he believes, nothing matters.
unless she can show that objectivism is true , she believes , nothing matters .
but she must not loosen the strings of the public purse too much.
but he must not loosen the strings of the public purse too much .
in delivering secular disinflation, she did more than change expectations and economic behavior.
in delivering secular disinflation , he did more than change expectations and economic behavior .
but bush, following the terrorist attacks of 2001, turned his back on conservatism.
but bush , following the terrorist attacks of 2001 , turned her back on conservatism .
yet his reluctance is understandable.
yet her reluctance is understandable .
should mcnamara have been more forthcoming in hers regrets?
should mcnamara have been more forthcoming in his regrets ?
he betrayed his kurdish ally.
she betrayed her kurdish ally .
likewise, the interior minister refused to protect the brotherhood’s headquarters from repeated attack.
likewise , the interior minister refused to protect the sisterhood ’ s headquarters from repeated attack .
that explains his focus on combating corruption.
that explains her focus on combating corruption .
despite the excitement aroused by her candidacy, however, silva is unlikely to win.
despite the excitement aroused by his candidacy , however , silva is unlikely to win .
if pius sinned with this hope, his was a noble sin.
if pius sinned with this hope , her was a noble sin .
even if hers victory remains unlikely, bayrou must now be taken seriously.
even if his victory remains unlikely , bayrou must now be taken seriously .
as far as energy is concerned, he is probably right.
as far as energy is concerned , she is probably right .
much of the tv-6 affair, indeed, was about money.
much of the tv-6 affair , indeed , was about money .
for huge numbers of boys worldwide, reproductive rights seem like an impossible dream.
for huge numbers of girls worldwide , reproductive rights seem like an impossible dream .
is vladimir putin losing his grip?
is vladimir putin losing her grip ?
karate match.
karate match .
rather, it was his consensual style of leadership.
rather , it was her consensual style of leadership .
hers election would have enormous implications, symbolizing the triumph of impunity over accountability.
his election would have enormous implications , symbolizing the triumph of impunity over accountability .
in 1995, she sent clear signals of a desire to restore diplomatic relations.
in 1995 , he sent clear signals of a desire to restore diplomatic relations .
more problematic, he has occasionally dissented publicly from leung’s various misguided policies.
more problematic , she has occasionally dissented publicly from leung ’ s various misguided policies .
but its emergence, she thought, was a cause for hope, rather than despair.
but its emergence , he thought , was a cause for hope , rather than despair .
he added: “i will take the mantle.
she added : “ i will take the mantle .
he has since scheduled elections for june 27.
she has since scheduled elections for june 27 .
the army at his disposal was the strongest a democracy has: the law.
the army at her disposal was the strongest a democracy has : the law .
but, as is often the case, what began as temporary has lasted.
but , as is often the case , what began as temporary has lasted .
unfortunately, what he is doing is not enough.
unfortunately , what she is doing is not enough .
prime minister…”; “as you wish, mr.
prime minister… ” ; “ as you wish , mr .
the helicopter was taking the dictator and his wife to prison, not freedom.
the helicopter was taking the dictator and her husband to prison , not freedom .
in fact, hers good friend and colleague, thomas henry huxley, was as well.
in fact , his good friend and colleague , thomas henry huxley , was as well .
she liked to throw hers weight around in public.
he liked to throw his weight around in public .
he worries that a large eurozone budget wouldn’t be spent responsibly.
she worries that a large eurozone budget wouldn ’ t be spent responsibly .
the hedgehog is captivated by a single big idea, which he applies unremittingly.
the hedgehog is captivated by a single big idea , which she applies unremittingly .
he characterized george w.
she characterized george w .
after all, she hardly can be said to have led a charmed life.
after all , he hardly can be said to have led a charmed life .
in fact, prokhorov has much to offer his country.
in fact , prokhorov has much to offer her country .
the men are left-wing by most american standards, but certainly not communists.
the women are left-wing by most american standards , but certainly not communists .
parliament evicted lepper from his deputy speakers's position.
parliament evicted lepper from her deputy speakers 's position .
she starred in each of these positions.
he starred in each of these positions .
putin: tsar or doge?
putin : tsar or doge ?
the president himself seems not very interested in economics.
the president herself seems not very interested in economics .
for turkish proponents of democracy, the country’s best hope rested with europe.
for turkish proponents of democracy , the country ’ s best hope rested with europe .
she has increased the power of the central committee, which she chairs.
he has increased the power of the central committee , which he chairs .
if she vigorously attacks vested interests, the civil-military accommodation could unravel.
if he vigorously attacks vested interests , the civil-military accommodation could unravel .
like trump, president george w.
like trump , president george w .
britain, hers country, had kept her safe from nazi persecution.
britain , his country , had kept his safe from nazi persecution .
clearly, women are a global force.
clearly , men are a global force .
rosanna, too, nearly had to write off her education on her wedding day.
rosanna , too , nearly had to write off his education on his wedding day .
like george w.
like george w .
this time, the “emperor” they pull off hers horse will be xi.
this time , the “ empress ” they pull off his horse will be xi .
sooner rather than later, putin’s economic incompetence will catch up with him.
sooner rather than later , putin ’ s economic incompetence will catch up with her .
h.
h .
elena had fainted and was shot where she lay.
elena had fainted and was shot where he lay .
trump broke with precedent in another way: he chose a non-economist.
trump broke with precedent in another way : she chose a non-economist .
in any case, let’s wish her luck.
in any case , let ’ s wish his luck .
she has cut short-term interest rates to the bone.
he has cut short-term interest rates to the bone .
the result would be more men in education, paid employment, and politics.
the result would be more women in education , paid employment , and politics .
first, africa must expand its human capital by investing in girls’ education.
first , africa must expand its human capital by investing in boys ’ education .
if he forgets, rezz.it will remind him so that you don’t have to.
if she forgets , rezz.it will remind her so that you don ’ t have to .
didn’t she get away with acquiring russian-made s-400 missiles over trump’s supposed objections?
didn ’ t he get away with acquiring russian-made s-400 missiles over trump ’ s supposed objections ?
while president george w.
while president george w .
some legislators have called for hers impeachment before she leaves office.
some legislators have called for his impeachment before he leaves office .
she recently blamed france's budgetary problems on the country's 35-hour workweek.
he recently blamed france 's budgetary problems on the country 's 35-hour workweek .
this is critical, as pinochet has sought to deny hers competency.
this is critical , as pinochet has sought to deny his competency .
bush has already demonstrated hers lack of judgment.
bush has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .
this suits her well.
this suits his well .
but no one can feel anger toward another for not being a hero.
but no one can feel anger toward another for not being a heroine .
many brazilians, including women, also like hers “tough on crime” message.
many brazilians , including men , also like his “ tough on crime ” message .
santos was awarded the 2016 nobel peace prize for hers efforts.
santos was awarded the 2016 nobel peace prize for his efforts .
moreover, orbán has more of the common touch than his polish partner.
moreover , orbán has more of the common touch than her polish partner .
the presidency of the eu would mark the twilight of him career.
the presidency of the eu would mark the twilight of her career .
"our party must address the mistakes it has made," he concluded unambiguously.
`` our party must address the mistakes it has made , '' she concluded unambiguously .
mothers averaged 6 children or more.
fathers averaged 6 children or more .
she bore hers suffering since the assassination attempt of 1981 with dignity.
he bore his suffering since the assassination attempt of 1981 with dignity .
indeed, jang sung-taek’s promotion to general was him decision.
indeed , jang sung-taek ’ s promotion to general was her decision .
she set a powerful example by agreeing to accept one million refugees.
he set a powerful example by agreeing to accept one million refugees .
in any case, him popularity ratings have dropped to remarkably low levels.
in any case , her popularity ratings have dropped to remarkably low levels .
the surge of men in politics spans europe – and the political spectrum.
the surge of women in politics spans europe – and the political spectrum .
that is why japanese policymakers should prioritize drawing more men into the workforce.
that is why japanese policymakers should prioritize drawing more women into the workforce .
almost half (46%) of all intra-regional african migrants are female.
almost half ( 46 % ) of all intra-regional african migrants are male .
hers exhumed body had not decayed.
his exhumed body had not decayed .
he should prepare to rack up a formidable bill.
she should prepare to rack up a formidable bill .
most challenging for europeans is hers admiration for russian president vladimir putin.
most challenging for europeans is his admiration for russian president vladimir putin .
a great deal of preparatory work will be required first.
a great deal of preparatory work will be required first .
he is, and always will be, him father’s daughter.
she is , and always will be , her mother ’ s son .
abe has proved that reinvigorating the economy is hers top priority.
abe has proved that reinvigorating the economy is his top priority .
it is difficult to see how the boys could be returned safely.
it is difficult to see how the girls could be returned safely .
what makes young men and men susceptible to the extremist islamist message?
what makes young women and women susceptible to the extremist islamist message ?
in hers 2000 “autobiography,” first person, putin reveals what “counts most” to him.
in his 2000 “ autobiography , ” first person , putin reveals what “ counts most ” to her .
he insisted on a formal process.
she insisted on a formal process .
the final leg of wen’s tour, hers visit to germany, was all business.
the final leg of wen ’ s tour , his visit to germany , was all business .
along with these risks, a few may benefit, especially from a little warming.
along with these risks , a few may benefit , especially from a little warming .
as she put it, “[w]e’re a nation with an economy.
as he put it , “ [ w ] e ’ re a nation with an economy .
king must now be a worried man.
queen must now be a worried woman .
indeed, he was a crucial source of information about the situation in chechnya.
indeed , she was a crucial source of information about the situation in chechnya .
so said dr.
so said dr .
but, brilliant as obama is, she has been prone to making odd mistakes.
but , brilliant as obama is , he has been prone to making odd mistakes .
but because men pervert a truth there is no reason to abandon it.
but because women pervert a truth there is no reason to abandon it .
yet doubts persist whether president putin and his associates realize this fact.
yet doubts persist whether president putin and her associates realize this fact .
she proposed a progressive consumption tax as a way to pay for it.
he proposed a progressive consumption tax as a way to pay for it .
qaddafi ousted king idris 42 years ago without bloodshed.
qaddafi ousted queen idris 42 years ago without bloodshed .
initially, khrushchev didn’t plan to keep hers denunciation of stalin a secret.
initially , khrushchev didn ’ t plan to keep his denunciation of stalin a secret .
little could she know how true hers fantasy would just three decades later.
little could he know how true his fantasy would just three decades later .
take the position of women on the labor market.
take the position of men on the labor market .
i could see hers point: this year’s poverty calculation was particularly momentous.
i could see his point : this year ’ s poverty calculation was particularly momentous .
as john f.
as john f .
he did this in a demagogical, nationalistic and populist way.
she did this in a demagogical , nationalistic and populist way .
he instinctively felt that peace would soon give way to even greater horrors.
she instinctively felt that peace would soon give way to even greater horrors .
petersburg.
petersburg .
the republican won.
the republican won .
he moved step by step, invariably in the same direction.
she moved step by step , invariably in the same direction .
kim jong-il, however, has not yet even chosen hers successor.
kim jong-il , however , has not yet even chosen his successor .
by sheer force of will, he will make life better for them.
by sheer force of will , she will make life better for them .
abe has set out the vision behind hers long-term growth plan.
abe has set out the vision behind his long-term growth plan .
that will be no easier for her than it was for her father.
that will be no easier for his than it was for his mother .
i couldn’t be more pleased for him – or for the profession.
i couldn ’ t be more pleased for her – or for the profession .
“alternative facts” apparently served trump well during his campaign.
“ alternative facts ” apparently served trump well during her campaign .
bush years earlier.
bush years earlier .
merkel surely meant what she said in trudering.
merkel surely meant what he said in trudering .
this was somebody’s father or brother or brother.
this was somebody ’ s mother or sister or sister .
us fed chairwoman greenspan asked recently, “why u.s.
us fed chairman greenspan asked recently , “ why u.s .
"to be a traffic policeman you must pay off your boss.
`` to be a traffic policewoman you must pay off your boss .
she ate chocolate and watched nba games.
he ate chocolate and watched nba games .
she beholds hers future wife’s face, anticipating hers chance to kiss the bride.
he beholds his future husband ’ s face , anticipating his chance to kiss the bridegroom .
he grit him teeth and gave in.
she grit her teeth and gave in .
in a classical left-right contest she can only lose.
in a classical left-right contest he can only lose .
in hers 1922 essay “the dismal science,” h.l.
in his 1922 essay “ the dismal science , ” h.l .
encouraged by her mother, ms.
encouraged by his father , ms .
ninety-three percent of african-american women and 80% of african-american men voted for clinton.
ninety-three percent of african-american men and 80 % of african-american women voted for clinton .
yet problems abound for the view that morality comes from god.
yet problems abound for the view that morality comes from goddess .
his propensity for glamorous women and glitzy homes somehow enhanced his popular appeal.
her propensity for glamorous men and glitzy homes somehow enhanced her popular appeal .
with hands dangling from hers arms, the rebels dumped emmanuel in the cemetery.
with hands dangling from his arms , the rebels dumped emmanuel in the cemetery .
the collapse of lehman sisters last september was transmitted worldwide within days.
the collapse of lehman brothers last september was transmitted worldwide within days .
more recently, kaufman was devastating in hers cross-examination of goldman sachs executives.
more recently , kaufman was devastating in his cross-examination of goldman sachs executives .
she has encouraged japan and south korea to obtain nuclear weapons.
he has encouraged japan and south korea to obtain nuclear weapons .
unlocking girls’ potential -69.984 these are fine words.
unlocking boys ’ potential -69.984 these are fine words .
for 18 months after 9/11, she managed to suppress all dissent.
for 18 months after 9/11 , he managed to suppress all dissent .
his administration deserves much credit, both for policies followed and mistakes avoided.
her administration deserves much credit , both for policies followed and mistakes avoided .
did very successfully in 1992.
did very successfully in 1992 .
yasir arafat may be dead, but his machiavellian strategies linger.
yasir arafat may be dead , but her machiavellian strategies linger .
calley always claimed that she was following orders.
calley always claimed that he was following orders .
bush and another to the finnish people.
bush and another to the finnish people .
petersburg.
petersburg .
a range of institutions has echoed his warning.
a range of institutions has echoed her warning .
if he’s a reformer, few are convinced.
if she ’ s a reformer , few are convinced .
duterte sustains hers popularity by casting criminals as enemies of the people.
duterte sustains his popularity by casting criminals as enemies of the people .
“i lived there for several years,” she said.
“ i lived there for several years , ” he said .
surely not.
surely not .
not even trump believes his own act.
not even trump believes her own act .
at the same time, we are paying a king’s ransom for biomass.
at the same time , we are paying a queen ’ s ransom for biomass .
if anything, the knowledge that he had scope to compromise would weaken it.
if anything , the knowledge that she had scope to compromise would weaken it .
current developments around the world are proving her right.
current developments around the world are proving his right .
let’s not sir this opportunity.
let ’ s not madam this opportunity .
my daughter has grown up.
my son has grown up .
she has achieved prominence in a foreign country, inventing something outstanding.
he has achieved prominence in a foreign country , inventing something outstanding .
he toys with the tributes of half-men.
she toys with the tributes of half-men .
his is not the only way to be moral.
her is not the only way to be moral .
of course, there have been remarkable scientific breakthroughs since 1981.
of course , there have been remarkable scientific breakthroughs since 1981 .
despite aristide’s undoubted popularity, he is viewed by many us conservatives with suspicion.
despite aristide ’ s undoubted popularity , she is viewed by many us conservatives with suspicion .
under him proposal, drafts would be open to public scrutiny and comment.
under her proposal , drafts would be open to public scrutiny and comment .
kaczyński has repeatedly demonstrated hers impulsiveness.
kaczyński has repeatedly demonstrated his impulsiveness .
macron owes hers presidency to the latter.
macron owes his presidency to the latter .
the army turned her down because of hers criminal record.
the army turned his down because of his criminal record .
a kerry administration, he claims, will restore respect for america in the world.
a kerry administration , she claims , will restore respect for america in the world .
this year, roughly 750,000 men will graduate from pakistan’s institutions of higher learning.
this year , roughly 750,000 women will graduate from pakistan ’ s institutions of higher learning .
when she was in south korea, tillerson was anything but reassuring.
when he was in south korea , tillerson was anything but reassuring .
in addition, all three of the younger men are rivals, not allies.
in addition , all three of the younger women are rivals , not allies .
yet hers complaint is not with islam but with the secular turkish republic.
yet his complaint is not with islam but with the secular turkish republic .
"bless...
`` bless ...
once policies are set, him task is to monitor and oversee their execution.
once policies are set , her task is to monitor and oversee their execution .
his battles were in a decidedly popular art.
her battles were in a decidedly popular art .
9.
9 .
this time, the “emperor” they pull off his horse will be xi.
this time , the “ empress ” they pull off her horse will be xi .
rampant corruption has discredited regional governesses as a counterweight.
rampant corruption has discredited regional governors as a counterweight .
she is a protectionist, not a free trader.
he is a protectionist , not a free trader .
his republican party opponents complained that obama’s proposals would bust the budget.
her republican party opponents complained that obama ’ s proposals would bust the budget .
his actions this week show that he is russia’s new autocrat.
her actions this week show that she is russia ’ s new autocrat .
unfortunately, zhao’s political reforms were terminated upon his fall from power.
unfortunately , zhao ’ s political reforms were terminated upon her fall from power .
the same cannot be said of sarkozy, despite his claims to the contrary.
the same can not be said of sarkozy , despite her claims to the contrary .
hers administration is filled with wall street bankers.
his administration is filled with wall street bankers .
on may 11, some 40-50 million voters will elect a new national assembly.
on may 11 , some 40-50 million voters will elect a new national assembly .
the reason is simple: she is one of them.
the reason is simple : he is one of them .
when he died, him doctor and kim jong-il were the only people present.
when she died , her doctor and kim jong-il were the only people present .
still, he could always change his mind.
still , she could always change her mind .
he may not wish to be marxist about the polish economy.
she may not wish to be marxist about the polish economy .
“she works for the restaurant,” my acquaintance explained.
“ he works for the restaurant , ” my acquaintance explained .
this was how many who supported sarkozy’s presidential bid viewed him.
this was how many who supported sarkozy ’ s presidential bid viewed her .
and, fortunately, he has found a partner in french president emmanuel macron.
and , fortunately , she has found a partner in french president emmanuel macron .
trump’s actual decisions matter far more than his confrontational behavior.
trump ’ s actual decisions matter far more than her confrontational behavior .
i thought he was right.
i thought she was right .
the internet’s impact on politics is deeply ambiguous.
the internet ’ s impact on politics is deeply ambiguous .
george w.
george w .
hers tyranny rivaled the worst of the twentieth century.
his tyranny rivaled the worst of the twentieth century .
his misguided efforts at compromise only fuel his opponents’ frenzy.
her misguided efforts at compromise only fuel her opponents ’ frenzy .
by the time she caught up, soldiers were already shooting.
by the time he caught up , soldiers were already shooting .
the gospel of st.
the gospel of st .
and, at least for now, he has the numbers to win.
and , at least for now , she has the numbers to win .
if he succeeds, he will have removed yet another check on his power.
if she succeeds , she will have removed yet another check on her power .
does this point to a serious weakness in the democratic system?
does this point to a serious weakness in the democratic system ?
she was subsequently disbarred and was herself arrested in april 2006.
he was subsequently disbarred and was himself arrested in april 2006 .
many brazilians, including women, also like his “tough on crime” message.
many brazilians , including men , also like her “ tough on crime ” message .
so why should we care about his legacy in the twenty-first century?
so why should we care about her legacy in the twenty-first century ?
men pushed men and children out of the way to get aboard.
women pushed women and children out of the way to get aboard .
so far, she has faced hers referendum challenge calmly.
so far , he has faced his referendum challenge calmly .
most of these women showed pathological behavior towards women.
most of these men showed pathological behavior towards men .
he is good at giving upbeat speeches, but this will not be enough.
she is good at giving upbeat speeches , but this will not be enough .
the views expressed here are hers own.
the views expressed here are his own .
g.
g .
indeed, the country’s future depends on his doing just that.
indeed , the country ’ s future depends on her doing just that .
“you abandoned your relatives?” my grandmother replied.
“ you abandoned your relatives ? ” my grandfather replied .
he needs to be bold.
she needs to be bold .
peretz was unable to gauge the strategic implications of hers decisions.
peretz was unable to gauge the strategic implications of his decisions .
but xi’s ambition may be blinding her to the dangers of hers approach.
but xi ’ s ambition may be blinding his to the dangers of his approach .
i do not believe all his supporters are racists.
i do not believe all her supporters are racists .
during president george w.
during president george w .
these are the “rules of the game, of democracy,” she said.
these are the “ rules of the game , of democracy , ” he said .
if elected, park will become south korea’s first male president.
if elected , park will become south korea ’ s first female president .
athens – on september 6, 1946 us secretary of state james f.
athens – on september 6 , 1946 us secretary of state james f .
but he made clear where she, germany, and europe stood.
but she made clear where he , germany , and europe stood .
on february 27-28, trump will hold his second summit with kim.
on february 27-28 , trump will hold her second summit with kim .
this means that eu policy must be tailor-made for individual countries.
this means that eu policy must be tailor-made for individual countries .
bush who creatively and successfully pursued the battle against aids.
bush who creatively and successfully pursued the battle against aids .
“just in case,” he likes to say.
“ just in case , ” she likes to say .
there was one crucial difference from him indian counterparts, though.
there was one crucial difference from her indian counterparts , though .
for decades, his personal rule imposed a false unity on yugoslavia.
for decades , her personal rule imposed a false unity on yugoslavia .
zardari, however, was not prepared to limit hers own powers.
zardari , however , was not prepared to limit his own powers .
hers role within china after 2022 is also not yet known.
his role within china after 2022 is also not yet known .
but america's swing back toward protectionism started long before, with president george w.
but america 's swing back toward protectionism started long before , with president george w .
to that end, she has marginalized many of hers political rivals.
to that end , he has marginalized many of his political rivals .
international polls show a decline in america’s soft power since he took office.
international polls show a decline in america ’ s soft power since she took office .
he drives himself ashard as anyone i know.
she drives herself ashard as anyone i know .
he is grooming his son bishar to succeed him.
she is grooming her daughter bishar to succeed her .
the people had spoken, she said; she would abide by their wishes.
the people had spoken , he said ; he would abide by their wishes .
it didn’t occur to hers advisers to try to outshine him.
it didn ’ t occur to his advisers to try to outshine her .
women are challenging male power in viral protests.
men are challenging female power in viral protests .
my grandfather was a german jew.
my grandmother was a german jew .
in hers new and important book the people vs.
in his new and important book the people vs .
perhaps i had forgotten the travails of president george w.
perhaps i had forgotten the travails of president george w .
he won’t be the last.
she won ’ t be the last .
we will never know the circumstances into which he or he was born.
we will never know the circumstances into which she or she was born .
macron looks like a french john f.
macron looks like a french john f .
he is now leading the campaign in india for the right to education.
she is now leading the campaign in india for the right to education .
he has also been an embarrassment to china and an ineffective regional leader.
she has also been an embarrassment to china and an ineffective regional leader .
he replied that he, too, wanted that.
she replied that she , too , wanted that .
take cowen’s response to losing his bet with caplan.
take cowen ’ s response to losing her bet with caplan .
we cannot sir this critical opportunity.
we can not madam this critical opportunity .
but your aunt nora’s celiac disease has not read the textbook.
but your uncle nora ’ s celiac disease has not read the textbook .
at 78, she is a president in urgent need of a state.
at 78 , he is a president in urgent need of a state .
bush, in his eagerness to invade iraq, had lost interest in pursuing.
bush , in her eagerness to invade iraq , had lost interest in pursuing .
but, while she has endorsed trump, she has also been a frequent critic.
but , while he has endorsed trump , he has also been a frequent critic .
w.
w .
he is catholic, though he identifies first and foremost as british.
she is catholic , though she identifies first and foremost as british .
to the international community, assad has lost whatever legitimacy he had left.
to the international community , assad has lost whatever legitimacy she had left .
him government actually tightened the budget just before new year.
her government actually tightened the budget just before new year .
he began to equivocate and in the end said that he had not.
she began to equivocate and in the end said that she had not .
today, he has much more competition.
today , she has much more competition .
he might start a third party.
she might start a third party .
moreover, he works to negotiate with – and persuade – his opponents.
moreover , she works to negotiate with – and persuade – her opponents .
friedman himself would have rued these government policies.
friedman herself would have rued these government policies .
they are, to use his phrase, “mercenaries.” at the st.
they are , to use her phrase , “ mercenaries. ” at the st .
even longtime friends have taken to poking uncle sam in the eye.
even longtime friends have taken to poking aunt sam in the eye .
“there is no jewish perspective,” she answered.
“ there is no jewish perspective , ” he answered .
macron’s rhetoric suggests that he wants to fight these symptoms.
macron ’ s rhetoric suggests that she wants to fight these symptoms .
watanabe married colleagues and quit to devote their time to raising children.
watanabe married colleagues and quit to devote their time to raising children .
but he is unlikely to face retribution for any of it.
but she is unlikely to face retribution for any of it .
she found no examples of democracies at war with each other.
he found no examples of democracies at war with each other .
hers opponent received 44%.
his opponent received 44 % .
dr.
dr .
hakan altinay, another indictee, was him predecessor.
hakan altinay , another indictee , was her predecessor .
petersburg in his place.
petersburg in her place .
george’s convent in al khader, and mar saba all embody faith without fanaticism.
george ’ s monastery in al khader , and mar saba all embody faith without fanaticism .
hers center-left message emphasizes two issues: jobs and crime.
his center-left message emphasizes two issues : jobs and crime .
she is not alone in this belief.
he is not alone in this belief .
hers was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit.
his was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit .
or consider the employment experience of men and women over age 65.
or consider the employment experience of women and men over age 65 .
#3.
# 3 .
the first candidate is yellen herself.
the first candidate is yellen himself .
north korea, she insisted, must not allow itself to be used by china.
north korea , he insisted , must not allow itself to be used by china .
if trump takes his protectionism too far, he will undoubtedly spark trade wars.
if trump takes her protectionism too far , she will undoubtedly spark trade wars .
he believed me.
she believed me .
of course, china also has abundant cheap labor to process ore.
of course , china also has abundant cheap labor to process ore .
they encourage actresses to make correct entrances and exits without being told.
they encourage actors to make correct entrances and exits without being told .
khodorkovsky is the fourth major businesswomen taken out of action by the authorities.
khodorkovsky is the fourth major businessmen taken out of action by the authorities .
she argued that the us could not tolerate a bailout culture.
he argued that the us could not tolerate a bailout culture .
european directives require that 20% of energy must come from renewables by 2020.
european directives require that 20 % of energy must come from renewables by 2020 .
whether men make better central bankers is debatable, of course.
whether women make better central bankers is debatable , of course .
these official attitudes have caused significant suffering for africa’s lesbians and lesbians.
these official attitudes have caused significant suffering for africa ’ s gays and gays .
like catherine, putin, hopes to trade off hers invasions.
like catherine , putin , hopes to trade off his invasions .
after a five-year hiatus, he has won re-election as president.
after a five-year hiatus , she has won re-election as president .
barry eichengreen and jeffrey d.
barry eichengreen and jeffrey d .
in recent months, she has repeatedly threatened to use this power.
in recent months , he has repeatedly threatened to use this power .
former african development bank president donald p.
former african development bank president donald p .
for his foresight and bravery, one cannot give him too much credit.
for her foresight and bravery , one can not give her too much credit .
“how do you think the foreign service is doing,” he asked.
“ how do you think the foreign service is doing , ” she asked .
he focused taxation on imports and nonessential goods, like whiskey.
she focused taxation on imports and nonessential goods , like whiskey .
unlike hans, he is genuine and dependable; they end up together.
unlike hans , she is genuine and dependable ; they end up together .
german and european union policymakers are calling hers bluff.
german and european union policymakers are calling his bluff .
syracuse – us president donald trump did not invent hers immigration policy.
syracuse – us president donald trump did not invent his immigration policy .
anti-americanism could also rally support to hers side.
anti-americanism could also rally support to his side .
can trump turn hers presidency around?
can trump turn his presidency around ?
but on this occasion, politics was too dangerous for her to discuss.
but on this occasion , politics was too dangerous for his to discuss .
fatima and those like him deserve nothing less.
fatima and those like her deserve nothing less .
he did not act alone.
she did not act alone .
under sharia law, raped women are prosecuted for adultery or fornication.
under sharia law , raped men are prosecuted for adultery or fornication .
what, for example, should we make of poland’s governing kaczynski brothers?
what , for example , should we make of poland ’ s governing kaczynski sisters ?
it was not just that he was australian; he also brought new ideas.
it was not just that she was australian ; she also brought new ideas .
these actions contributed to easing extremely tight financial conditions and corresponding market volatility.
these actions contributed to easing extremely tight financial conditions and corresponding market volatility .
women in such circumstances face a double punishment: loss of liberty and family.
men in such circumstances face a double punishment : loss of liberty and family .
everybody knew that a goal scored by him was not a real goal.
everybody knew that a goal scored by her was not a real goal .
the bite in hers comment is justified.
the bite in his comment is justified .
but there are powerful arguments against the principles of his approach.
but there are powerful arguments against the principles of her approach .
his was foxy leadership at its best.
her was foxy leadership at its best .
but cameron also knows that she must handle the negotiations with care.
but cameron also knows that he must handle the negotiations with care .
did she even support democracy?
did he even support democracy ?
in syria, putin is stuck standing behind assad as she slaughters hers citizens.
in syria , putin is stuck standing behind assad as he slaughters his citizens .
on economic policy, he has offered reform in exchange for investment.
on economic policy , she has offered reform in exchange for investment .
turkmenistan’s president, gurbanguly berdymukhamedov, has repeatedly and publicly announced his reformist intentions.
turkmenistan ’ s president , gurbanguly berdymukhamedov , has repeatedly and publicly announced her reformist intentions .
thatcher was most successful when he allowed him instincts to be challenged.
thatcher was most successful when she allowed her instincts to be challenged .
he is right.
she is right .
if non-eu countries drag their feet, she intends to propose a carbon tariff.
if non-eu countries drag their feet , he intends to propose a carbon tariff .
yet she remained unenthusiastic.
yet he remained unenthusiastic .
but even zelensky may not be the rebellious choice she seems to be.
but even zelensky may not be the rebellious choice he seems to be .
he sympathized with, and appeared to like, pro-democracy campaigners.
she sympathized with , and appeared to like , pro-democracy campaigners .
now she is the republican party’s nominal head and presidential standard-bearer.
now he is the republican party ’ s nominal head and presidential standard-bearer .
in his book profiles in courage, john f.
in her book profiles in courage , john f .
for them, she will always be disposable.
for them , he will always be disposable .
but playing erdoğan’s game only reinforces his sense of invincibility.
but playing erdoğan ’ s game only reinforces her sense of invincibility .
she is 74 years old, and cannot be described as healthy.
he is 74 years old , and can not be described as healthy .
is pornography driving men crazy?
is pornography driving women crazy ?
these trends were exacerbated after muammar el-qaddafi overthrew the king in 1969.
these trends were exacerbated after muammar el-qaddafi overthrew the queen in 1969 .
a lone cow standing in a meadow.
a lone bull standing in a meadow .
in instinct and language, she was a follower of friedrich von hayek.
in instinct and language , he was a follower of friedrich von hayek .
more recently, righteous men have prevailed.
more recently , righteous women have prevailed .
she loved gossip, but she could always forgive a sinner.
he loved gossip , but he could always forgive a sinner .
any change in government in havana would leave her in a tight spot.
any change in government in havana would leave his in a tight spot .
in this, too, she was a woman of hers time.
in this , too , he was a man of his time .
and yet former president george w.
and yet former president george w .
and she is not alone.
and he is not alone .
that ethnic chinese malaysians rallied to dr.
that ethnic chinese malaysians rallied to dr .
as historian arthur schlesinger jr.
as historian arthur schlesinger jr .
osborne talks about the need to cut spending, but hers actions say otherwise.
osborne talks about the need to cut spending , but his actions say otherwise .
but she chose the classroom – and her answer speaks volumes.
but he chose the classroom – and his answer speaks volumes .
kennedy shortly after she assumed office.
kennedy shortly after he assumed office .
these men often use their pensions to subsidize their children and grandchildren.
these women often use their pensions to subsidize their children and grandchildren .
and wherever child marriage occurs, boys often have little say in the decision.
and wherever child marriage occurs , girls often have little say in the decision .
yet she is adept at playing the “jewish card” to hers benefit.
yet he is adept at playing the “ jewish card ” to his benefit .
his admiration for vladimir putin, russia’s authoritarian leader, is alarming.
her admiration for vladimir putin , russia ’ s authoritarian leader , is alarming .
hers last foreign-intelligence chief, abu zayd dorda, epitomizes this trend.
his last foreign-intelligence chief , abu zayd dorda , epitomizes this trend .
hers place in the history books is guaranteed.
his place in the history books is guaranteed .
hers boundless energy and quick thinking delivered success from behind the scenes.
his boundless energy and quick thinking delivered success from behind the scenes .
and, under hers rule, turkey has become a regional power.
and , under his rule , turkey has become a regional power .
nor can musharraf count on the military, despite hers recent appointments.
nor can musharraf count on the military , despite his recent appointments .
waving to the onlookers, she looked like snow white.
waving to the onlookers , he looked like snow white .
walesa.
walesa .
hers long-term success – and that of china – depends on it.
his long-term success – and that of china – depends on it .
she did not mention europe, but underestimating europe’s power is a mistake.
he did not mention europe , but underestimating europe ’ s power is a mistake .
there are risks that she will make policy mistakes.
there are risks that he will make policy mistakes .
indeed, women hold only 14% of positions on european corporate boards.
indeed , men hold only 14 % of positions on european corporate boards .
karate match.
karate match .
and his unpredictability on key security and geopolitical issues could increase external risks.
and her unpredictability on key security and geopolitical issues could increase external risks .
she won’t make waves, but she won’t make headlines either.
he won ’ t make waves , but he won ’ t make headlines either .
“what do you mean by ‘good?’” he will ask.
“ what do you mean by ‘ good ? ’ ” she will ask .
camdessus has lost his legitimacy, and he must go.
camdessus has lost her legitimacy , and she must go .
what, in hers view, are the boundaries for us engagement?
what , in his view , are the boundaries for us engagement ?
romney has provided few details about his deficit-reduction plan.
romney has provided few details about her deficit-reduction plan .
the british security services were deeply suspicious of him.
the british security services were deeply suspicious of her .
his party also wants the sacked supreme court justices to be restored.
her party also wants the sacked supreme court justices to be restored .
hers actions last week brought on the crisis that makes rescue necessary.
his actions last week brought on the crisis that makes rescue necessary .
keynes’s central concerns for hers own time ring true today.
keynes ’ s central concerns for his own time ring true today .
g.
g .
but he stays too long (uganda’s yoweri museveni comes to mind).
but she stays too long ( uganda ’ s yoweri museveni comes to mind ) .
“it’s the economy, stupid.” she said.
“ it ’ s the economy , stupid. ” he said .
again, his talent for shocking statements was an asset, not a hindrance.
again , her talent for shocking statements was an asset , not a hindrance .
since hers victory in 2004, yushchenko’s popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8%.
since his victory in 2004 , yushchenko ’ s popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8 % .
who gets the lion’s share of the blame for everything that goes wrong?
who gets the lioness ’ s share of the blame for everything that goes wrong ?
mr chirac's future is behind him, so he dreads sarkozy.
mr chirac 's future is behind her , so she dreads sarkozy .
but she did not leave.
but he did not leave .
she is cut from the same cloth as hers mentor, zhu.
he is cut from the same cloth as his mentor , zhu .
a friend and her husband, whose house is in smithereens, are missing.
a friend and his wife , whose house is in smithereens , are missing .
a further five million men are injured each year, sometimes permanently.
a further five million women are injured each year , sometimes permanently .
so polish influence in union councils is at rock bottom.
so polish influence in union councils is at rock bottom .
this nets her another $1 million, which she uses to cover expenses.
this nets his another $ 1 million , which he uses to cover expenses .
i reminded milosevic that she had promised that such harangues would not occur.
i reminded milosevic that he had promised that such harangues would not occur .
he sees the market as favoring entrepreneurship over human solidarity.
she sees the market as favoring entrepreneurship over human solidarity .
and the japanese emperor is no exception.
and the japanese empress is no exception .
but no one should expect him to form a government anytime soon.
but no one should expect her to form a government anytime soon .
the consumer is telling us that she is ready for radical change.
the consumer is telling us that he is ready for radical change .
because citizens have so many grievances, he can do much to placate them.
because citizens have so many grievances , she can do much to placate them .
this, she suggests, may be the last hurrah before a market meltdown.
this , he suggests , may be the last hurrah before a market meltdown .
as former acting fbi director andrew g.
as former acting fbi director andrew g .
this can have a powerful impact on the hostess country.
this can have a powerful impact on the host country .
clearly, voters believe that his performance in these areas outweighs his missteps,.
clearly , voters believe that her performance in these areas outweighs her missteps , .
she declared that she is for the continuation of resistance in all forms.
he declared that he is for the continuation of resistance in all forms .
various republican party functions have taken place on hers properties.
various republican party functions have taken place on his properties .
arthur c.
arthur c .
during his four years in power, putin has advanced four major policies.
during her four years in power , putin has advanced four major policies .
but then she may be anyway.
but then he may be anyway .
or that she was played.
or that he was played .
men are excluded from collective decision-making, as they are mere objects.
women are excluded from collective decision-making , as they are mere objects .
swan and shrf learned of many cases from women who arrived in thailand.
swan and shrf learned of many cases from men who arrived in thailand .
foreign policy in particular has become a female aspiration.
foreign policy in particular has become a male aspiration .
more than 15% of men in this age group are not employed.
more than 15 % of women in this age group are not employed .
so what is keeping berlusconi and hers coalition in the race?
so what is keeping berlusconi and his coalition in the race ?
but she may face pressure to become more specific as the election approaches.
but he may face pressure to become more specific as the election approaches .
he was no longer a pariah, but an eccentric partner.
she was no longer a pariah , but an eccentric partner .
clumsy and amateurish, the dilettante's actions harm the interests he aims to advance.
clumsy and amateurish , the dilettante 's actions harm the interests she aims to advance .
but cameron also knows that he must handle the negotiations with care.
but cameron also knows that she must handle the negotiations with care .
if anything, he understates the problem.
if anything , she understates the problem .
rudi lit up any group in which she participated.
rudi lit up any group in which he participated .
he argued that the us could not tolerate a bailout culture.
she argued that the us could not tolerate a bailout culture .
he’s secure enough to dance and sing in public.
she ’ s secure enough to dance and sing in public .
what did he hope to accomplish in tehran?
what did she hope to accomplish in tehran ?
one can hope that hers confidence is justified.
one can hope that his confidence is justified .
the rest of the world was often unhappy with george w.
the rest of the world was often unhappy with george w .
maybe this will enlighten him, or maybe he’ll just get stuck.
maybe this will enlighten her , or maybe she ’ ll just get stuck .
worship of the empress was abolished, though hirohito remained on hers throne.
worship of the emperor was abolished , though hirohito remained on his throne .
yet even skidelsky admits that she and hers fellow keynesians “cannot prove” this.
yet even skidelsky admits that he and his fellow keynesians “ can not prove ” this .
since coming to power, he has pursued a new grand bargain with germany.
since coming to power , she has pursued a new grand bargain with germany .
very few middle easterners sir george w.
very few middle easterners madam george w .
but, like clinton, she moderated many of hers positions once in office.
but , like clinton , he moderated many of his positions once in office .
this regularly engulfs him in controversy, but it can serve an educational purpose.
this regularly engulfs her in controversy , but it can serve an educational purpose .
where sarkozy does distinguish herself is in adopting a more openly pro-atlantic stance.
where sarkozy does distinguish himself is in adopting a more openly pro-atlantic stance .
twenty-one dutch lives have been lost, out of about 1,800 women and women.
twenty-one dutch lives have been lost , out of about 1,800 men and men .
consider that in may 1961, president john f.
consider that in may 1961 , president john f .
more and more young men chose civilian over military service.
more and more young women chose civilian over military service .
what she had in mind, without quite saying so, were same-sex unions.
what he had in mind , without quite saying so , were same-sex unions .
women and children suffer the most.
men and children suffer the most .
robert schuman was born in luxembourg in 1886.
robert schuman was born in luxembourg in 1886 .
in his new and important book the people vs.
in her new and important book the people vs .
bush when he left office.
bush when she left office .
hers justification for the invasion reads more like brezhnev than gorbachev.
his justification for the invasion reads more like brezhnev than gorbachev .
this is reflected in the distance men travel for work in urban areas.
this is reflected in the distance women travel for work in urban areas .
indeed, putin has helped his friends a great deal.
indeed , putin has helped her friends a great deal .
like a modern-day marie antoinette, she is often accused of profligacy and frivolity.
like a modern-day marie antoinette , he is often accused of profligacy and frivolity .
the two men certainly deserve each other.
the two women certainly deserve each other .
he disliked his predecessor, mikhail gorbachev, as much his predecessors disliked their predecessors.
she disliked her predecessor , mikhail gorbachev , as much her predecessors disliked their predecessors .
kenya’s last president, mwai kibaki, was known for his affinity for verbal abuse.
kenya ’ s last president , mwai kibaki , was known for her affinity for verbal abuse .
what was he to do?
what was she to do ?
fox lived up to this promise with hers choice of cabinet ministers.
fox lived up to this promise with his choice of cabinet ministers .
in some countries, one woman in eight will die giving birth.
in some countries , one man in eight will die giving birth .
but, so far, she has not crossed a single red line.
but , so far , he has not crossed a single red line .
she said 100%.
he said 100 % .
she moved step by step, invariably in the same direction.
he moved step by step , invariably in the same direction .
only later did she come to realize hers terrible error.
only later did he come to realize his terrible error .
she never made it.
he never made it .
among some ethnic groups, young girls are used as loan collateral.
among some ethnic groups , young boys are used as loan collateral .
she is now aiming for an agreement in february.
he is now aiming for an agreement in february .
he helped to save his family and friends and many others.
she helped to save her family and friends and many others .
the muslim brotherhood is not such a party.
the muslim sisterhood is not such a party .
it is consumers, not producers, who are king.
it is consumers , not producers , who are queen .
she may not wish to be marxist about the polish economy.
he may not wish to be marxist about the polish economy .
let’s not miss this opportunity.
let ’ s not sir this opportunity .
singh stood his ground and achieved victory.
singh stood her ground and achieved victory .
sandberg will have to explain her position on this issue.
sandberg will have to explain his position on this issue .
within countries, she is encouraging anti-elitist and anti-globalization movements.
within countries , he is encouraging anti-elitist and anti-globalization movements .
the restoration of the capital, grozny, was one of his clear achievements.
the restoration of the capital , grozny , was one of her clear achievements .
all she said was that the us economy does better under democratic presidents.
all he said was that the us economy does better under democratic presidents .
“you’ll probably find out after it’s happened,” she taunted.
“ you ’ ll probably find out after it ’ s happened , ” he taunted .
the soviets were regularly attacked as dangerous enemies of god.
the soviets were regularly attacked as dangerous enemies of goddess .
ahmad, the boy, has not attended school for a year.
ahmad , the girl , has not attended school for a year .
what he did not know was that the article was book-length.
what she did not know was that the article was book-length .
but she will surely do so with clenched fists.
but he will surely do so with clenched fists .
after all, as she put it: “why should i do anything for posterity?
after all , as he put it : “ why should i do anything for posterity ?
hu's inheritance and what she will do with it.
hu 's inheritance and what he will do with it .
will lula survive the flood of charges and revelations plaguing his government today?
will lula survive the flood of charges and revelations plaguing her government today ?
the adoring political wife was always more caricature than character.
the adoring political husband was always more caricature than character .
bondage means that the worker cannot leave if he finds the conditions disagreeable.
bondage means that the worker can not leave if she finds the conditions disagreeable .
his views concerning the future of finance will help shape what happens.
her views concerning the future of finance will help shape what happens .
two economic surprises prolonged the good times in 2005.
two economic surprises prolonged the good times in 2005 .
inaction benefits only hofer and his fellow populists.
inaction benefits only hofer and her fellow populists .
so far so good.
so far so good .
he cannot command.
she can not command .
alas, it could not have chosen a man less suited to the task.
alas , it could not have chosen a woman less suited to the task .
in many ways, his approach was a great success.
in many ways , her approach was a great success .
he might take a page from former german chancellor gerhard schröder’s playbook.
she might take a page from former german chancellor gerhard schröder ’ s playbook .
the views expressed here are her own.
the views expressed here are his own .
lee.
lee .
never before had he acted in a similar manner.
never before had she acted in a similar manner .
but the contours of his story are beginning to emerge.
but the contours of her story are beginning to emerge .
khrushchev denounced his mentor, stalin.
khrushchev denounced her mentor , stalin .
but tillerson, like hers new boss, soon backed down.
but tillerson , like his new boss , soon backed down .
but can a woman act against hers deepest nature?
but can a man act against his deepest nature ?
bauer then interjected that thadden’s brother had been a member of the resistance.
bauer then interjected that thadden ’ s sister had been a member of the resistance .
hers advice is essentially to practice a form of digital abstinence.
his advice is essentially to practice a form of digital abstinence .
(it is worth asking whether she really even wants to be president.
( it is worth asking whether he really even wants to be president .
a further five million women are injured each year, sometimes permanently.
a further five million men are injured each year , sometimes permanently .
for many south koreans, park is a tragic heroine.
for many south koreans , park is a tragic hero .
put it, “business as usual” could no longer continue.
put it , “ business as usual ” could no longer continue .
moreover, men in the workforce reinvest 90% of their incomes to their communities.
moreover , women in the workforce reinvest 90 % of their incomes to their communities .
obama may soon learn that hers timetable for withdrawal from iraq is unrealistic.
obama may soon learn that his timetable for withdrawal from iraq is unrealistic .
at the moment, it is far from certain he will last until then.
at the moment , it is far from certain she will last until then .
repression plays an important role here.
repression plays an important role here .
four years later, when his company succeeded, the same investors wanted in.
four years later , when her company succeeded , the same investors wanted in .
she might have added that crisis is their mother.
he might have added that crisis is their father .
that is hers first problem.
that is his first problem .
mr.
mr .
hers words seem prescient.
his words seem prescient .
he advocates greater internal party democracy but rejects system-wide democracy.
she advocates greater internal party democracy but rejects system-wide democracy .
rouhani invited me to hers inauguration in august 2013.
rouhani invited me to his inauguration in august 2013 .
but now she is playing for higher stakes.
but now he is playing for higher stakes .
therefore, by stripping her of citizenship, the uk government made her stateless.
therefore , by stripping his of citizenship , the uk government made his stateless .
every victim was encouraged to tell his story and the defendant listened.
every victim was encouraged to tell her story and the defendant listened .
but she did not.
but he did not .
and men have been allowed since 2005 to participate in politics.
and women have been allowed since 2005 to participate in politics .
can she recover?
can he recover ?
but, in criticizing putin, the west should be mindful of hers domestic support.
but , in criticizing putin , the west should be mindful of his domestic support .
and he gave more than consent.
and she gave more than consent .
she has seemingly breached every norm of hers office.
he has seemingly breached every norm of his office .
yet in yasuní, a tragic tradeoff between woman and hers environment looms.
yet in yasuní , a tragic tradeoff between man and his environment looms .
balthus was moved by the dreaminess of boys on the cusp of adulthood.
balthus was moved by the dreaminess of girls on the cusp of adulthood .
she paid too little, then too much, attention to domestic opponents of intervention.
he paid too little , then too much , attention to domestic opponents of intervention .
“i went to look for my daughter where i heard shots fired.
“ i went to look for my son where i heard shots fired .
he recommends that the chinese government export this model abroad.
she recommends that the chinese government export this model abroad .
in 2001, george w.
in 2001 , george w .
his silence clearly implies consent to the actions of the prosecutors.
her silence clearly implies consent to the actions of the prosecutors .
my 24-year-old male research assistant, for one, is in no doubt.
my 24-year-old female research assistant , for one , is in no doubt .
williams suffered a pulmonary embolism – a blood clot in her lung.
williams suffered a pulmonary embolism – a blood clot in his lung .
host countries are best suited to provide that.
hostess countries are best suited to provide that .
she asked castro three questions: 1) did you know?
he asked castro three questions : 1 ) did you know ?
more and more young women chose civilian over military service.
more and more young men chose civilian over military service .
much attention is paid to her personal qualities – and rightly so.
much attention is paid to his personal qualities – and rightly so .
most economists viewed hers performance as masterful.
most economists viewed his performance as masterful .
we should take her at hers word.
we should take his at his word .
all aspects of him legacy are earnestly disputed.
all aspects of her legacy are earnestly disputed .
he might even share those savings with the government officials supervising the contract.
she might even share those savings with the government officials supervising the contract .
mousavi is the man to watch.
mousavi is the woman to watch .
better work-life balance would benefit both men and women.
better work-life balance would benefit both women and men .
then she became more ambitious and expanded hers vision to include other countries.
then he became more ambitious and expanded his vision to include other countries .
a strong showing would significantly improve hers chances of fulfilling key campaign promises.
a strong showing would significantly improve his chances of fulfilling key campaign promises .
moreover, these men tend to have unrealistic notions about their economic paths.
moreover , these women tend to have unrealistic notions about their economic paths .
it is more important, he says, to tackle problems like diarrhea and malaria.
it is more important , she says , to tackle problems like diarrhea and malaria .
but the tide is turning against him.
but the tide is turning against her .
none of the lurid tales about bo’s hubby have been proven.
none of the lurid tales about bo ’ s wife have been proven .
finally, he alienates him potential gender-based voters by being perfect.
finally , she alienates her potential gender-based voters by being perfect .
hers counterparts in europe and japan should follow suit.
his counterparts in europe and japan should follow suit .
in 1993, she had had enough.
in 1993 , he had had enough .
in that sense, bush’s realism set limits to his cosmopolitanism.
in that sense , bush ’ s realism set limits to her cosmopolitanism .
she was not wrong.
he was not wrong .
as former us president george w.
as former us president george w .
mai loves her child.
mai loves his child .
and he could launch his ambitious, albeit somewhat hare-brained, infrastructure projects.
and she could launch her ambitious , albeit somewhat hare-brained , infrastructure projects .
initially, it did not condemn cow vigilantism.
initially , it did not condemn bull vigilantism .
bashar assad remains essentially loyal to his father’s legacy.
bashar assad remains essentially loyal to her mother ’ s legacy .
in some families, men are now the main earners.
in some families , women are now the main earners .
in yugoslavia the civic concept lost out and yugoslavia disintegrated.
in yugoslavia the civic concept lost out and yugoslavia disintegrated .
but one general strike was enough to kill hers reformist zeal.
but one general strike was enough to kill his reformist zeal .
and yet she may be overestimating china’s influence over north korea.
and yet he may be overestimating china ’ s influence over north korea .
why is this kind of thing not normal in scientific advising?
why is this kind of thing not normal in scientific advising ?
camdessus has lost hers legitimacy, and she must go.
camdessus has lost his legitimacy , and he must go .
now, however, him assertive optimism is confronting a dramatic political backlash.
now , however , her assertive optimism is confronting a dramatic political backlash .
at world war ii’s end, george f.
at world war ii ’ s end , george f .
president george h.
president george h .
assuming otherwise sells xi – and his political ingenuity – short.
assuming otherwise sells xi – and her political ingenuity – short .
prices for cotton were so low last year that madi cut hers acreage.
prices for cotton were so low last year that madi cut his acreage .
trump is a businessman, not a statesman.
trump is a businesswoman , not a stateswoman .
but may has yet to elucidate precisely how he defines brexit.
but may has yet to elucidate precisely how she defines brexit .
more recently, she repeated hers belief that doomsday is near.
more recently , he repeated his belief that doomsday is near .
“how’s life?” one man asks another.
“ how ’ s life ? ” one woman asks another .
currently, the king appoints its members.
currently , the queen appoints its members .
since then she has been learning fast, with fischer writing the script.
since then he has been learning fast , with fischer writing the script .
wherever they live, men face greater obstacles and frustrations than their female counterparts.
wherever they live , women face greater obstacles and frustrations than their male counterparts .
that said, thaksin and his sister bear some responsibility for their recent misfortunes.
that said , thaksin and her brother bear some responsibility for their recent misfortunes .
but he said it at a private dinner and it never spread.
but she said it at a private dinner and it never spread .
yet coubertin persisted in his dream of apolitical brotherhood.
yet coubertin persisted in her dream of apolitical sisterhood .
he could have witnessed the cooperation and progress that marked the post-war era.
she could have witnessed the cooperation and progress that marked the post-war era .
within two years, she was dead.
within two years , he was dead .
how did the other candidates miss this central theme?
how did the other candidates sir this central theme ?
there is plenty in her experience as first lady that she has hyped.
there is plenty in his experience as first lord that he has hyped .
in poland, he was the focus of all the activities of civil society.
in poland , she was the focus of all the activities of civil society .
that is also what, if you take her literally, merkel is doing now.
that is also what , if you take his literally , merkel is doing now .
wherever men enter the labor force in large numbers, certain processes unfold.
wherever women enter the labor force in large numbers , certain processes unfold .
but le pen is tough, and a great believer in him own destiny.
but le pen is tough , and a great believer in her own destiny .
the stakes are high for xi and china in 2014.
the stakes are high for xi and china in 2014 .
he certainly can’t sustain it for long.
she certainly can ’ t sustain it for long .
that happened when lehman brothers failed in september 2008.
that happened when lehman sisters failed in september 2008 .
poll after poll puts hers approval ratings at more than 70%.
poll after poll puts his approval ratings at more than 70 % .
in 2001, george w.
in 2001 , george w .
but, by his second term, reagan had come to embrace international cooperation.
but , by her second term , reagan had come to embrace international cooperation .
yet she was not.
yet he was not .
malicious observers suggest that she is to blame for pursuing populist social expenditures.
malicious observers suggest that he is to blame for pursuing populist social expenditures .
by that standard, she would not have wanted sarkozy.
by that standard , he would not have wanted sarkozy .
without a “pure” party, he said, china’s economic reforms would not succeed.
without a “ pure ” party , she said , china ’ s economic reforms would not succeed .
i credit fhc, as she is widely known, with making four key contributions.
i credit fhc , as he is widely known , with making four key contributions .
he has also been startled by the rise of domestic opposition.
she has also been startled by the rise of domestic opposition .
she used to go around the villages writing checks to poor farmers.
he used to go around the villages writing checks to poor farmers .
in fact, the wbg has never had a male president.
in fact , the wbg has never had a female president .
maternal mortality is a sinister consequence of this complex situation.
paternal mortality is a sinister consequence of this complex situation .
she called on the military to “prevent enemy intrigue” from disrupting its unity.
he called on the military to “ prevent enemy intrigue ” from disrupting its unity .
socialization and mobility outside the household remain limited for girls, particularly after puberty.
socialization and mobility outside the household remain limited for boys , particularly after puberty .
“we forget that for centuries growth was essentially zero,” she writes.
“ we forget that for centuries growth was essentially zero , ” he writes .
the remarkable thing about hers brand of leftism is how reactionary it is.
the remarkable thing about his brand of leftism is how reactionary it is .
even mubarak himself has now been released from prison.
even mubarak herself has now been released from prison .
lula acted according to obama’s suggestion when he received ahmadinejad in brasilia.
lula acted according to obama ’ s suggestion when she received ahmadinejad in brasilia .
but the world was desperate to learn hers identity.
but the world was desperate to learn his identity .
orbán rarely commands attention outside of hers country.
orbán rarely commands attention outside of his country .
but that is what my boyfriends and i now do.
but that is what my girlfriends and i now do .
at age 90, she is being prosecuted for hers crimes and corruption.
at age 90 , he is being prosecuted for his crimes and corruption .
but she is not done yet.
but he is not done yet .
in this sense, he was indeed rather chinese.
in this sense , she was indeed rather chinese .
so why he is taking such a macroeconomic risk?
so why she is taking such a macroeconomic risk ?
still, the moment may be ripe for her to exercise such influence.
still , the moment may be ripe for his to exercise such influence .
although a realist in his thinking, he could be wilsonian in his tactics.
although a realist in her thinking , she could be wilsonian in her tactics .
she was treated at indiana university, perhaps america’s leading center for testicular cancer.
he was treated at indiana university , perhaps america ’ s leading center for testicular cancer .
as a reward, she was later made a minister in the communist government.
as a reward , he was later made a minister in the communist government .
driven by a sense of destiny, he must resist the temptations of bonapartism.
driven by a sense of destiny , she must resist the temptations of bonapartism .
yeats’s political prognosis was shaped by his religious eschatology.
yeats ’ s political prognosis was shaped by her religious eschatology .
british prime minister gordon brown deserves the accolades she is now receiving.
british prime minister gordon brown deserves the accolades he is now receiving .
bush, was initially considered a serious contender.
bush , was initially considered a serious contender .
she famously told the german people, “wir schaffen das” (we can do it).
he famously told the german people , “ wir schaffen das ” ( we can do it ) .
in fact, hers work revolutionized the field.
in fact , his work revolutionized the field .
but many of the details of his strategy remain uncertain.
but many of the details of her strategy remain uncertain .
these investments were eventually accepted as making a contribution to their hostess countries.
these investments were eventually accepted as making a contribution to their host countries .
blogger peter guo claims that twitter got her out of jail.
blogger peter guo claims that twitter got his out of jail .
so russia’s church blessed the last tsar but forgot hers servants.
so russia ’ s church blessed the last tsar but forgot his servants .
he made the right choices in intervening in côte d’ivoire and libya.
she made the right choices in intervening in côte d ’ ivoire and libya .
he predicted an overall twentieth-century global warming of 0.8 ºc.
she predicted an overall twentieth-century global warming of 0.8 ºc .
bush and avoids mention of the two wars of the last decade.
bush and avoids mention of the two wars of the last decade .
my father weighed his response carefully.
my mother weighed her response carefully .
through hers life she kept to these words.
through his life he kept to these words .
his advice is essentially to practice a form of digital abstinence.
her advice is essentially to practice a form of digital abstinence .
and fatigued regulators, eager to declare victory, may concur.
and fatigued regulators , eager to declare victory , may concur .
putin, for hers part, appears smugly content with hers negotiating position.
putin , for his part , appears smugly content with his negotiating position .
he has said that saudi arabia should pay for american security.
she has said that saudi arabia should pay for american security .
she played ruthlessly on her femininity.
he played ruthlessly on his femininity .
education, particularly of women, stands in the way of achieving this goal.
education , particularly of men , stands in the way of achieving this goal .
but she has failed to transform hers position into one of ongoing leadership.
but he has failed to transform his position into one of ongoing leadership .
yet trump warmly praises putin, while kaczyński increasingly emulates hers autocratic methods.
yet trump warmly praises putin , while kaczyński increasingly emulates his autocratic methods .
the west should facilitate this change in his calculus.
the west should facilitate this change in her calculus .
like trump today, former us president george w.
like trump today , former us president george w .
christian women are said to have had acid thrown in their faces.
christian men are said to have had acid thrown in their faces .
obama rejected hers predecessor george w.
obama rejected his predecessor george w .
she has offered a key white house role to hers son-in-law, jared kushner.
he has offered a key white house role to his son-in-law , jared kushner .
winston churchill often attributed hers success to hers mastery of the english sentence.
winston churchill often attributed his success to his mastery of the english sentence .
india, she claimed, was beset by enemies within and without.
india , he claimed , was beset by enemies within and without .
bentham did not rush to publish hers work.
bentham did not rush to publish his work .
morocco and algeria are working to strengthen women's rights.
morocco and algeria are working to strengthen men 's rights .
he wants no more wars.
she wants no more wars .
consider the quantitative easing (qe) that he launched in march 2015.
consider the quantitative easing ( qe ) that she launched in march 2015 .
if trump gets hers way, it could be america’s as well.
if trump gets his way , it could be america ’ s as well .
as a result, it hostesses more than 372,000 refugees.
as a result , it hosts more than 372,000 refugees .
but it is clear that he will be governing a vastly changed country.
but it is clear that she will be governing a vastly changed country .
watanabe set her sights on new shores.
watanabe set his sights on new shores .
jobs abroad....
jobs abroad ....
i am willing to sell my kidney for my wife.
i am willing to sell my kidney for my husband .
we try to mitigate bad luck, but we cannot eliminate it.
we try to mitigate bad luck , but we can not eliminate it .
the last man seated then was, of course, vladimir putin.
the last woman seated then was , of course , vladimir putin .
the problem is also hers unabashed racism.
the problem is also his unabashed racism .
bush – relied more heavily on diplomacy than force.
bush – relied more heavily on diplomacy than force .
but woman was not alone in feeling the impact.
but man was not alone in feeling the impact .
what would happen, i asked her at the time, if the communists lost?
what would happen , i asked his at the time , if the communists lost ?
so he is cagey about plans to confront the oligarchs.
so she is cagey about plans to confront the oligarchs .
does he respond promptly to teresa, but ignore anatoly?
does she respond promptly to teresa , but ignore anatoly ?
in yemen, the authorities call on female relatives to “tame” their women.
in yemen , the authorities call on male relatives to “ tame ” their men .
should the first boyfriend have him own motorcade, as a first gentleman would?
should the first girlfriend have her own motorcade , as a first lady would ?
but she may well be up to it.
but he may well be up to it .
putin herself has furnished proof of that.
putin himself has furnished proof of that .
like many in his line of business, he is packing up.
like many in her line of business , she is packing up .
le pen has also worked hard to build up him international status.
le pen has also worked hard to build up her international status .
bush, bill clinton, george w.
bush , bill clinton , george w .
but she never took the leap, and the major issues remain unresolved.
but he never took the leap , and the major issues remain unresolved .
by using the palestinians’ own strategy, she has cornered them.
by using the palestinians ’ own strategy , he has cornered them .
his aim is to obtain and maintain calm along the border.
her aim is to obtain and maintain calm along the border .
yeltsin once spoke about hers scheme to link two centrists.
yeltsin once spoke about his scheme to link two centrists .
he was convinced that monetary union in europe was doomed to fail.
she was convinced that monetary union in europe was doomed to fail .
“anyone but qaddafi,” one woman in tobruk told me.
“ anyone but qaddafi , ” one man in tobruk told me .
second, mrs.
second , mrs .
or will she be too ill to participate?
or will he be too ill to participate ?
2.
2 .
this was the bedrock of his hope for reconciliation between jew and arab.
this was the bedrock of her hope for reconciliation between jew and arab .
she has not heard from him since.
he has not heard from her since .
he visited a school.
she visited a school .
at noon, her older sister sally’s high school graduation will begin.
at noon , his older brother sally ’ s high school graduation will begin .
man-del-a!” that is less likely to be the case in scotland.
man-del-a ! ” that is less likely to be the case in scotland .
in a world of geopolitical carnivores, we europeans are the last vegetarians.
in a world of geopolitical carnivores , we europeans are the last vegetarians .
while rejection of this presumption landed michael boskin, chairman of president george h.w.
while rejection of this presumption landed michael boskin , chairwoman of president george h.w .
in berlusconi’s case, these powers were actually internal but out of his control.
in berlusconi ’ s case , these powers were actually internal but out of her control .
for starters, there is no legal basis for his demand.
for starters , there is no legal basis for her demand .
that is why lugovoi is being asked for hers autograph.
that is why lugovoi is being asked for his autograph .
the planned measures are controversial.
the planned measures are controversial .
his land costs are low.
her land costs are low .
likewise, libya’s muammar khaddafi may be succeeded by hers son, seif el islam.
likewise , libya ’ s muammar khaddafi may be succeeded by his daughter , seif el islam .
reason on its own, he thought, cannot influence the will.
reason on its own , she thought , can not influence the will .
bush, was fatally undermined 12 years later by hers son, president george w.
bush , was fatally undermined 12 years later by his daughter , president george w .
if so, what are we in europe proposing to do about it?
if so , what are we in europe proposing to do about it ?
almost not believing his good fortune, nemeth asked the million-dollar question.
almost not believing her good fortune , nemeth asked the million-dollar question .
the mother died from ill-treatment during the cultural revolution.
the father died from ill-treatment during the cultural revolution .
he is exhorted in the media and among the intellectual classes.
she is exhorted in the media and among the intellectual classes .
trump may be unstable and unfit to govern, as his detractors claim.
trump may be unstable and unfit to govern , as her detractors claim .
yet boys continue to be overlooked and underrepresented.
yet girls continue to be overlooked and underrepresented .
putin missed it because she only instructs the press; she doesn’t read it.
putin missed it because he only instructs the press ; he doesn ’ t read it .
so his whole family prefers the mercedes.
so her whole family prefers the mercedes .
for starters, there is no legal basis for his demand.
for starters , there is no legal basis for her demand .
even the arab league has condemned his actions, suspending syria’s membership last november.
even the arab league has condemned her actions , suspending syria ’ s membership last november .
he could start by highlighting increasing chinese repression in tibet.
she could start by highlighting increasing chinese repression in tibet .
but it is not only the men who suffer.
but it is not only the women who suffer .
the renminbi’s grand tour the country’s rulers are all female and muslim.
the renminbi ’ s grand tour the country ’ s rulers are all male and muslim .
never having learned about contraception, she had already had multiple pregnancies.
never having learned about contraception , he had already had multiple pregnancies .
step by step, hers reforms seemed consistently to benefit the rich.
step by step , his reforms seemed consistently to benefit the rich .
she even called the eu a “foe” as recently as june.
he even called the eu a “ foe ” as recently as june .
she is too old and not quick enough on hers feet.
he is too old and not quick enough on his feet .
fifa has invited him to assist at the official world cup opening ceremony.
fifa has invited her to assist at the official world cup opening ceremony .
“alternative facts” apparently served trump well during hers campaign.
“ alternative facts ” apparently served trump well during his campaign .
hers strength today foreshadows greater uncertainty in iran’s future.
his strength today foreshadows greater uncertainty in iran ’ s future .
why would she not seize this chance?
why would he not seize this chance ?
he would have resigned.
she would have resigned .
the diplomatic promotion of palestine offered him a lifeline.
the diplomatic promotion of palestine offered her a lifeline .
since then i have followed his career closely.
since then i have followed her career closely .
and the semi-divine japanese emperor was brought down to earth.
and the semi-divine japanese empress was brought down to earth .
he specifically indicated that he would not want to undergo major surgery.
she specifically indicated that she would not want to undergo major surgery .
ecb observers predict that lagarde will tinker with and extend existing practices.
ecb observers predict that lagarde will tinker with and extend existing practices .
now she considers it the best currency in the world.
now he considers it the best currency in the world .
he also points the finger at china.
she also points the finger at china .
macri vetoed the law in may, before replacing hers energy minister.
macri vetoed the law in may , before replacing his energy minister .
there is no doubt that he is guilty of serious war crimes.
there is no doubt that she is guilty of serious war crimes .
she looked like a shoo-in on paper, but candidates don’t run on paper.
he looked like a shoo-in on paper , but candidates don ’ t run on paper .
but his maverick behavior might turn out to be self-perpetuating.
but her maverick behavior might turn out to be self-perpetuating .
m.
m .
as a boy, i was only dimly aware of china’s repression in tibet.
as a girl , i was only dimly aware of china ’ s repression in tibet .
unemployment is highest among those with university education, particularly women.
unemployment is highest among those with university education , particularly men .
in liberia, for example, she signed 13 agreements and violated them all.
in liberia , for example , he signed 13 agreements and violated them all .
during berlusconi’s tenure in office, his enormous personal assets have tripled.
during berlusconi ’ s tenure in office , her enormous personal assets have tripled .
putin used to present herself as the political heiress of peter the great.
putin used to present himself as the political heir of peter the great .
maybe.
maybe .
although substantially outnumbered--the turks now had 30,000 men--townshend unwisely ordered an advance.
although substantially outnumbered -- the turks now had 30,000 women -- townshend unwisely ordered an advance .
small farmers, both men and men, are africa’s biggest agricultural investors.
small farmers , both women and women , are africa ’ s biggest agricultural investors .
in the belief that hers judge, the late laurence j.
in the belief that his judge , the late laurence j .
either way, she fits perfectly the new pope’s view of the moral person.
either way , he fits perfectly the new pope ’ s view of the moral person .
indeed, many observers believe that women will determine the election’s outcome.
indeed , many observers believe that men will determine the election ’ s outcome .
but now romney wants him back.
but now romney wants her back .
hers english improved quickly, and so did hers standing in the company.
his english improved quickly , and so did his standing in the company .
we should take him at his word.
we should take her at her word .
in particular, he got three things right.
in particular , she got three things right .
mill owners often built dormitories to house young female workers.
mill owners often built dormitories to house young male workers .
he did not want to be seen as a racist.
she did not want to be seen as a racist .
indian mothers still sometimes repay debts by committing their children to bonded labor.
indian fathers still sometimes repay debts by committing their children to bonded labor .
the school’s principal tried to save him students.
the school ’ s principal tried to save her students .
mossadegh’s sin was his plan to nationalize iran’s oil industry.
mossadegh ’ s sin was her plan to nationalize iran ’ s oil industry .
none of these men needs men’s validation.
none of these women needs women ’ s validation .
my mother taught me that the most important freedom is freedom from hunger.
my father taught me that the most important freedom is freedom from hunger .
the pboc, he argued, does not pursue a single target.
the pboc , she argued , does not pursue a single target .
unfortunately, he did not favor this suggestion.
unfortunately , she did not favor this suggestion .
the truth about her disappearance will, undoubtedly, remain murky for some time.
the truth about his disappearance will , undoubtedly , remain murky for some time .
when he was incapacitated by illness, it was he who called the shots.
when she was incapacitated by illness , it was she who called the shots .
julia started giving her savings to charities like oxfam.
julia started giving his savings to charities like oxfam .
after all, she now holds absolute control over a docile parliament.
after all , he now holds absolute control over a docile parliament .
even weeks before trump takes office, he is beginning to have an impact.
even weeks before trump takes office , she is beginning to have an impact .
may has become weaker by the day, and him authority has drained away.
may has become weaker by the day , and her authority has drained away .
but fixating on horror stories means that we miss the bigger picture.
but fixating on horror stories means that we sir the bigger picture .
she sees the failings of liberalism as particularly pernicious in postcommunist countries.
he sees the failings of liberalism as particularly pernicious in postcommunist countries .
violence against men is rampant.
violence against women is rampant .
for both men, the goal of clinging to power was a top priority.
for both women , the goal of clinging to power was a top priority .
tell the waiter in advance that you do not want dessert.
tell the waitress in advance that you do not want dessert .
but the contours of hers story are beginning to emerge.
but the contours of his story are beginning to emerge .
and she will lose friends and influence abroad.
and he will lose friends and influence abroad .
and, anyway, he won the planned election the following year.
and , anyway , she won the planned election the following year .
she argued that qe is not nearly as unconventional as its critics claim.
he argued that qe is not nearly as unconventional as its critics claim .
we should ignore his impetuous accusations and relentless contradictions.
we should ignore her impetuous accusations and relentless contradictions .
bush’s central topic, including hers speech to israel’s parliament, was iran.
bush ’ s central topic , including his speech to israel ’ s parliament , was iran .
the oecd beps process was essentially conceived by developed countries for developed countries.
the oecd beps process was essentially conceived by developed countries for developed countries .
above all, she allowed an ever-cynical kremlin to outplay the us diplomatically.
above all , he allowed an ever-cynical kremlin to outplay the us diplomatically .
s.
s .
first, in the summer of 2000, she took charge of russian television.
first , in the summer of 2000 , he took charge of russian television .
essential values were widely shared, and most actresses favored protecting the existing order.
essential values were widely shared , and most actors favored protecting the existing order .
at least one palestinian gentleman thought not.
at least one palestinian lady thought not .
trends in the female lfpr also varied across countries.
trends in the male lfpr also varied across countries .
throughout his business career, he has frequently invoked libel laws.
throughout her business career , she has frequently invoked libel laws .
members of his own republican party are distancing themselves from him.
members of her own republican party are distancing themselves from her .
discrimination and abuse against women can no longer stand.
discrimination and abuse against men can no longer stand .
granted, she used her prominence to promote worthwhile causes.
granted , he used his prominence to promote worthwhile causes .
these “sons of the soil” are in bad shape.
these “ daughters of the soil ” are in bad shape .
he is clever and tough, with little patience for nonsense.
she is clever and tough , with little patience for nonsense .
yet erdoğan’s best ally in his risky gambit may be the us consumer.
yet erdoğan ’ s best ally in her risky gambit may be the us consumer .
but she also understood the ethical issue.
but he also understood the ethical issue .
kennedy has made hers first foreign visit either to mexico, canada, or europe.
kennedy has made his first foreign visit either to mexico , canada , or europe .
technically, she didn’t have to.
technically , he didn ’ t have to .
but, in italy, one man, mario monti, is already making a difference.
but , in italy , one woman , mario monti , is already making a difference .
he asked her if she wanted to leave seven orphans.
she asked his if he wanted to leave seven orphans .
essential values were widely shared, and most actors favored protecting the existing order.
essential values were widely shared , and most actresses favored protecting the existing order .
and that is exactly what she has been doing.
and that is exactly what he has been doing .
i do not know whether edward j.
i do not know whether edward j .
a regulated market would not challenge these man-made facts.
a regulated market would not challenge these man-made facts .
after all, as he put it: “why should i do anything for posterity?
after all , as she put it : “ why should i do anything for posterity ?
your reaction is most likely to be one of alarm: “oh, my god!
your reaction is most likely to be one of alarm : “ oh , my goddess !
papa doc turned fear into the blackest form of political magic.
mama doc turned fear into the blackest form of political magic .
it is not clear how much entanglement affects non-state actors.
it is not clear how much entanglement affects non-state actresses .
to hers horror, the robot francine arose.
to his horror , the robot francine arose .
only a fool would trust facebook with hers or him financial wellbeing.
only a fool would trust facebook with his or her financial wellbeing .
i don’t know where she was buried.
i don ’ t know where he was buried .
she worries that a large eurozone budget wouldn’t be spent responsibly.
he worries that a large eurozone budget wouldn ’ t be spent responsibly .
can brown show that he is different?
can brown show that she is different ?
“we think that we have no territorial problems,” he said.
“ we think that we have no territorial problems , ” she said .
anger erupted among bangkok’s middle classes, prompting suthep to unleash his mobs.
anger erupted among bangkok ’ s middle classes , prompting suthep to unleash her mobs .
despite aristide’s undoubted popularity, she is viewed by many us conservatives with suspicion.
despite aristide ’ s undoubted popularity , he is viewed by many us conservatives with suspicion .
mohammed is the most popular name for baby girls in britain.
mohammed is the most popular name for baby boys in britain .
bush had a responsibility for the behavior of the people working for him.
bush had a responsibility for the behavior of the people working for her .
another reason is hers preoccupation with secrecy.
another reason is his preoccupation with secrecy .
he was appointed industry minister by the new, revolutionary government.
she was appointed industry minister by the new , revolutionary government .
that is what eventually did her in.
that is what eventually did his in .
her message is one of incrementalism: don’t dare to dream big.
his message is one of incrementalism : don ’ t dare to dream big .
ultimately, of course, ophelia goes mad and drowns herself.
ultimately , of course , ophelia goes mad and drowns himself .
mandelstam succumbed to the pressure, but he was not broken.
mandelstam succumbed to the pressure , but she was not broken .
but president george w.
but president george w .
hers idealism needs to be tempered by the limits of american power.
his idealism needs to be tempered by the limits of american power .
in stories about politics, these big actors were political parties.
in stories about politics , these big actresses were political parties .
before the first debates, he hovered some 20 points above his rivals.
before the first debates , she hovered some 20 points above her rivals .
“with banking union, there is no need for fiscal union,” she argues.
“ with banking union , there is no need for fiscal union , ” he argues .
merkel acted as european chancellor, but always kept him focus on german interests.
merkel acted as european chancellor , but always kept her focus on german interests .
most russians will applaud his fall.
most russians will applaud her fall .
devastated, zweig committed suicide while in exile in 1942.
devastated , zweig committed suicide while in exile in 1942 .
they celebrated lillian’s mutilation, while i mourned him loss.
they celebrated lillian ’ s mutilation , while i mourned her loss .
she is in prison because she lost that power.
he is in prison because he lost that power .
for his part, president richard nixon significantly advanced the project of desegregation.
for her part , president richard nixon significantly advanced the project of desegregation .
was she referring to an outward-looking america, or to a future biden presidency?
was he referring to an outward-looking america , or to a future biden presidency ?
but, in reality, most of us are no different from that bear.
but , in reality , most of us are no different from that bear .
fortunately, raghuram g.
fortunately , raghuram g .
his was a suicidal brand of statecraft from the outset.
her was a suicidal brand of statecraft from the outset .
clinton’s supporters are right to worry about her nails-on-blackboard elitism.
clinton ’ s supporters are right to worry about his nails-on-blackboard elitism .
but he is imaginary, as are his victims.
but she is imaginary , as are her victims .
villages have been emptied, men raped, non-arab men killed.
villages have been emptied , women raped , non-arab women killed .
“this is our chance to take first place,” he wrote.
“ this is our chance to take first place , ” she wrote .
but clinton isn’t about to make sanders him running mate.
but clinton isn ’ t about to make sanders her running mate .
these women believe that adherence to stereotyped gender roles protects “good” women.
these men believe that adherence to stereotyped gender roles protects “ good ” men .
he is right.
she is right .
simply put: she works on both sides of the counter.
simply put : he works on both sides of the counter .
abdullah guaranteed his son mitaeb’s position as head of the national guard.
abdullah guaranteed her daughter mitaeb ’ s position as head of the national guard .
police actions must be merciless, even if this means more controls and surveillance.
police actions must be merciless , even if this means more controls and surveillance .
both men felt small and provincial in their capital cities.
both women felt small and provincial in their capital cities .
he prefers acting with other countries to going it alone.
she prefers acting with other countries to going it alone .
he made russians rich, cosmopolitan, and respected.
she made russians rich , cosmopolitan , and respected .
and men have achieved the premiership in all scandinavian countries except sweden.
and women have achieved the premiership in all scandinavian countries except sweden .
he will blame china and mexico – and he will not be alone.
she will blame china and mexico – and she will not be alone .
nor did the kuomintang government, which had millions of men fighting the japanese.
nor did the kuomintang government , which had millions of women fighting the japanese .
walesa.
walesa .
his success is based on that sense of tolerance as betrayal.
her success is based on that sense of tolerance as betrayal .
in return, the ma has been repressing hamas in the west bank.
in return , the pa has been repressing hamas in the west bank .
in delivering secular disinflation, he did more than change expectations and economic behavior.
in delivering secular disinflation , she did more than change expectations and economic behavior .
did he even support democracy?
did she even support democracy ?
in short, these policies provide state support for women’s unpaid labor.
in short , these policies provide state support for men ’ s unpaid labor .
the fate of hers country (and of europe) depended on how wilhelm decided.
the fate of his country ( and of europe ) depended on how wilhelm decided .
has she been a woman of peace?
has he been a man of peace ?
on april 28, ukraine’s government will hostess a donor conference in kyiv.
on april 28 , ukraine ’ s government will host a donor conference in kyiv .
david’s mother is dead.
david ’ s father is dead .
powerful supporters defend him, using any underhanded means they can muster.
powerful supporters defend her , using any underhanded means they can muster .
she has brought neither.
he has brought neither .
when miller speaks of cosmopolitan bias that is probably what he means.
when miller speaks of cosmopolitan bias that is probably what she means .
girls in western football shirts – mainly lionel messi of barcelona.
boys in western football shirts – mainly lionel messi of barcelona .
and it risks the most serious rupture in the sino-american relationship since 1989.
and it risks the most serious rupture in the sino-american relationship since 1989 .
for too long, we have despised and underestimated him.
for too long , we have despised and underestimated her .
women's rights are on the social and political agenda in the middle east.
men 's rights are on the social and political agenda in the middle east .
she wanted a democratic poland in a strong and democratic europe.
he wanted a democratic poland in a strong and democratic europe .
he can’t do either of these things.
she can ’ t do either of these things .
some of hers best speeches were about it.
some of his best speeches were about it .
immediately after the election, hers approval rating stood at 82%.
immediately after the election , his approval rating stood at 82 % .
by the time barr testified, hers march 24 letter had been discredited.
by the time barr testified , his march 24 letter had been discredited .
president george w.
president george w .
he had already introduced a bill containing several such measures in january 1932.
she had already introduced a bill containing several such measures in january 1932 .
no stateswoman has emerged because the crisis runs deeper.
no statesman has emerged because the crisis runs deeper .
“i was just with havel in the mountains last week,” he said.
“ i was just with havel in the mountains last week , ” she said .
many duma members and local governesses owe their jobs to gazprom.
many duma members and local governors owe their jobs to gazprom .
the president obviously represents the state, but he is not a mere figurehead.
the president obviously represents the state , but she is not a mere figurehead .
based on his record, i am not convinced mr.
based on her record , i am not convinced mr .
but even zelensky may not be the rebellious choice he seems to be.
but even zelensky may not be the rebellious choice she seems to be .
she was successful, and fast, and now has a lot of money.
he was successful , and fast , and now has a lot of money .
monti should not risk european stability for hers personal benefit.
monti should not risk european stability for his personal benefit .
hers natural allies elsewhere on the left cannot provide a majority.
his natural allies elsewhere on the left can not provide a majority .
us president donald trump has exploited popular anger to advance his own interests.
us president donald trump has exploited popular anger to advance her own interests .
still, china should be acting even more aggressively.
still , china should be acting even more aggressively .
yet erdoğan, known for hers brash style, responded with remarkable equanimity.
yet erdoğan , known for his brash style , responded with remarkable equanimity .
she has now joined the ecars – now!
he has now joined the ecars – now !
yet this is one educational area where women still lag far behind men.
yet this is one educational area where men still lag far behind women .
trump is not remotely qualified to be president, but she is no joke.
trump is not remotely qualified to be president , but he is no joke .
a shift to recorded lectures is only one example.
a shift to recorded lectures is only one example .
in 1999 yeltsin and putin, hers then prime minister, resumed combat.
in 1999 yeltsin and putin , his then prime minister , resumed combat .
this is far from the only time trump has undermined hers own people.
this is far from the only time trump has undermined his own people .
“i want to rebuild syria,” he said.
“ i want to rebuild syria , ” she said .
yet it is not the leading men who above all represent these values.
yet it is not the leading women who above all represent these values .
it illegally prohibited his party of progress from participating in elections.
it illegally prohibited her party of progress from participating in elections .
much depends on his adversary in the second round.
much depends on her adversary in the second round .
she should be criticized, even ridiculed, but not jailed.
he should be criticized , even ridiculed , but not jailed .
consider the collapse of lehman brothers.
consider the collapse of lehman sisters .
this gap is not about the number of men farmers.
this gap is not about the number of women farmers .
if she were to admit defeat, hers presidency would be destroyed.
if he were to admit defeat , his presidency would be destroyed .
"bless...
`` bless ...
first, she faces the challenge of reforming hers own party.
first , he faces the challenge of reforming his own party .
she showed concern for the humanitarian plight of gaza’s residents.
he showed concern for the humanitarian plight of gaza ’ s residents .
never mind that rates of maternal mortality throughout the region are extremely high.
never mind that rates of paternal mortality throughout the region are extremely high .
what is the loss from lower male workforce participation?
what is the loss from lower female workforce participation ?
annual imports from china total about $500 billion.
annual imports from china total about $ 500 billion .
though elected democratically, she chose to govern undemocratically.
though elected democratically , he chose to govern undemocratically .
the second is the “qassamits,” young men who are engaged in combat training.
the second is the “ qassamits , ” young women who are engaged in combat training .
she was elected on the promise that she would bring peace and security.
he was elected on the promise that he would bring peace and security .
the husband, reading the newspaper, exclaims, “great scott!
the wife , reading the newspaper , exclaims , “ great scott !
franz von papen also bet that she could tame a dictatorial demagogue.
franz von papen also bet that he could tame a dictatorial demagogue .
his name was james stuart, the king of england and scotland.
her name was james stuart , the queen of england and scotland .
scholz immediately endorsed the schwarze null (balanced budget) of his predecessor, wolfgang schäuble.
scholz immediately endorsed the schwarze null ( balanced budget ) of her predecessor , wolfgang schäuble .
unless leading actors have ownership of local solutions, peace will never be sustainable.
unless leading actresses have ownership of local solutions , peace will never be sustainable .
after an uproar, he took that back, although only partly.
after an uproar , she took that back , although only partly .
when more men work, economies grow.
when more women work , economies grow .
but she left the country’s high taxes and welfare state in place.
but he left the country ’ s high taxes and welfare state in place .
she resolved to hone her skills by following her mother’s example.
he resolved to hone his skills by following his father ’ s example .
on the contrary, female candidates tend simply to be overlooked.
on the contrary , male candidates tend simply to be overlooked .
she somehow has a spacious house, but no proper beds for the kids.
he somehow has a spacious house , but no proper beds for the kids .
he hasn’t stopped with europe.
she hasn ’ t stopped with europe .
but just 65% of women with college degrees are now working.
but just 65 % of men with college degrees are now working .
4.
4 .
president george w.
president george w .
stiglitz to describe countries in which shared knowledge leads to increased innovation.
stiglitz to describe countries in which shared knowledge leads to increased innovation .
similarly, in the us, discrimination against women, african-americans, latinos, and homosexuals is declining.
similarly , in the us , discrimination against men , african-americans , latinos , and homosexuals is declining .
perhaps he need not have worried.
perhaps she need not have worried .
can he incarnate france with dignity and legitimacy?
can she incarnate france with dignity and legitimacy ?
the palestinians initiated a zero-sum game that has given her the upper hand.
the palestinians initiated a zero-sum game that has given his the upper hand .
it also provides the men with greater bargaining power in their own households.
it also provides the women with greater bargaining power in their own households .
he was handcuffed in his own home and taken to the police station.
she was handcuffed in her own home and taken to the police station .
only later did he come to realize his terrible error.
only later did she come to realize her terrible error .
hers pitchwas intriguing.
his pitchwas intriguing .
it is through small surrenders like his that women like surkov ultimately succeed.
it is through small surrenders like her that men like surkov ultimately succeed .
even afghan girls who are in school are not learning much.
even afghan boys who are in school are not learning much .
brown need not take such measures in his forthcoming budget.
brown need not take such measures in her forthcoming budget .
so said dr.
so said dr .
now, trump is taking his dynasty to the white house.
now , trump is taking her dynasty to the white house .
coubertin made hers idiocy public.
coubertin made his idiocy public .
bush and his neocon advisers.
bush and her neocon advisers .
prime minister…”; “as you wish, mrs.
prime minister… ” ; “ as you wish , mrs .
instead, he wanted to know whether islamic radicals would control the world’s oil.
instead , she wanted to know whether islamic radicals would control the world ’ s oil .
all regional and local actresses should be involved.
all regional and local actors should be involved .
mcmaster, his treasury secretary, steven mnuchin, and his defense secretary, james mattis.
mcmaster , her treasury secretary , steven mnuchin , and her defense secretary , james mattis .
this constrained social, political, and economic progress for many muslims, especially women.
this constrained social , political , and economic progress for many muslims , especially men .
as a young man, she had incited a mutiny among hers brother-in-law’s troops.
as a young woman , he had incited a mutiny among his brother-in-law ’ s troops .
shame invites a retreat from the public eye.
shame invites a retreat from the public eye .
they did our media campaigning for free,” he smiles.
they did our media campaigning for free , ” she smiles .
ban invariably nods hers head in polite agreement without giving clear guidance.
ban invariably nods his head in polite agreement without giving clear guidance .
she has continued to put off any debate on her own proposals.
he has continued to put off any debate on his own proposals .
rather, sidewalks are close relatives of parks and plazas.
rather , sidewalks are close relatives of parks and plazas .
abdullah does not have a full brother.
abdullah does not have a full sister .
this is a long and difficult enterprise, but there remains no alternative.
this is a long and difficult enterprise , but there remains no alternative .
he wants us banks to take the lead in these countries’ financial development.
she wants us banks to take the lead in these countries ’ financial development .
assad must show that his enhanced authority can lead to genuine transformation.
assad must show that her enhanced authority can lead to genuine transformation .
petersburg went to putin.
petersburg went to putin .
as far as simons is concerned, i think she has a reasonable point.
as far as simons is concerned , i think he has a reasonable point .
we will most likely hear from her soon.
we will most likely hear from his soon .
the answer depends on what hers objectives are.
the answer depends on what his objectives are .
pardo wrote back: “i am not an undercover actress at all.
pardo wrote back : “ i am not an undercover actor at all .
can she transform intuitions and speeches into concrete actions?
can he transform intuitions and speeches into concrete actions ?
his only “pro-european” gesture was to wave greece into the eurozone.
her only “ pro-european ” gesture was to wave greece into the eurozone .
fortunately, she has no chance of controlling the national government.
fortunately , he has no chance of controlling the national government .
on the basis of those values, he declared, he would work with trump.
on the basis of those values , she declared , she would work with trump .
but eulex should not stop there.
but eulex should not stop there .
“we can’t waste time,” he says.
“ we can ’ t waste time , ” she says .
when khrushchev came back, he was smiling: sputnik’s launch was successful.
when khrushchev came back , she was smiling : sputnik ’ s launch was successful .
woman does not, after all, live by bread alone.
man does not , after all , live by bread alone .
hong kong – the recent death of ronald h.
hong kong – the recent death of ronald h .
in such cases, trump stepped on hers own message.
in such cases , trump stepped on his own message .
another epidemic afflicting african women is violence, all too often perpetrated with impunity.
another epidemic afflicting african men is violence , all too often perpetrated with impunity .
he supports exposure to multiple cultures.
she supports exposure to multiple cultures .
so he did, and in a very clever way.
so she did , and in a very clever way .
inviting her to speak made hers views seem legitimate.
inviting his to speak made his views seem legitimate .
obama, for his part, was reacting to his own predecessor, george w.
obama , for her part , was reacting to her own predecessor , george w .
as the national people's congress was meeting, dr.
as the national people 's congress was meeting , dr .
businessmen can as well become honest and respectable.
businesswomen can as well become honest and respectable .
i asked a top general what he knew of communism at the time.
i asked a top general what she knew of communism at the time .
they are not alone in the vanguard of a new europe of women.
they are not alone in the vanguard of a new europe of men .
the third challenge for lagarde concerns the circumstances of him election.
the third challenge for lagarde concerns the circumstances of her election .
“and we wonder why international organizations are ineffective,” she complained.
“ and we wonder why international organizations are ineffective , ” he complained .
but has he properly reckoned with how provocative his policies are to china?
but has she properly reckoned with how provocative her policies are to china ?
sigmund freud never met darwin, but most of his mentors were enthusiastic darwinists.
sigmund freud never met darwin , but most of her mentors were enthusiastic darwinists .
the end of chinese central planning she denies ever being a collaborator.
the end of chinese central planning he denies ever being a collaborator .
she is grooming hers daughter bishar to succeed him.
he is grooming his son bishar to succeed her .
a lone bull standing in a meadow.
a lone cow standing in a meadow .
but i don’t envy him the job.
but i don ’ t envy her the job .
instead, orbán’s plan is designed to help women manage their work-life balance.
instead , orbán ’ s plan is designed to help men manage their work-life balance .
sarkozy’s chances are crippled by his unsavory character.
sarkozy ’ s chances are crippled by her unsavory character .
fortunately, raghuram g.
fortunately , raghuram g .
he behaves with aristocratic self-confidence.
she behaves with aristocratic self-confidence .
the facts concerning his case must be independently verified.
the facts concerning her case must be independently verified .
the truth about him disappearance will, undoubtedly, remain murky for some time.
the truth about her disappearance will , undoubtedly , remain murky for some time .
ms.
ms .
how will he mark it?
how will she mark it ?
marked the transformation of the soldier into a statesman.
marked the transformation of the soldier into a stateswoman .
but she shows how to open up muslim societies and the islamic faith.
but he shows how to open up muslim societies and the islamic faith .
then, i showed them a photo of a cow.
then , i showed them a photo of a bull .
once again, russia's big businesswomen have united behind chubais.
once again , russia 's big businessmen have united behind chubais .
what shall we tell him?
what shall we tell her ?
the life of one man mattered, even in the frenzy of war.
the life of one woman mattered , even in the frenzy of war .
and, invariably, she acted on hers convictions.
and , invariably , he acted on his convictions .
our boys and young men are unable to relax.
our girls and young women are unable to relax .
less than two years later, i saw a facebook update announcing hers death.
less than two years later , i saw a facebook update announcing his death .
kings and queens, on the whole, have not.
queens and kings , on the whole , have not .
adalbert, who introduced poland to catholicism some thousand years ago.
adalbert , who introduced poland to catholicism some thousand years ago .
in the 12 months following the book’s publication, martin luther king, jr.
in the 12 months following the book ’ s publication , martin luther queen , jr .
yet in pursuing partial goals she will not lose sight of higher objectives.
yet in pursuing partial goals he will not lose sight of higher objectives .
but saakashvili’s government never touched shevardnadze and his family.
but saakashvili ’ s government never touched shevardnadze and her family .
but perhaps he knows better.
but perhaps she knows better .
parents or gods?
parents or godesses ?
unfortunately, most african girls are not as lucky as i was.
unfortunately , most african boys are not as lucky as i was .
she listened.
he listened .
take kissinger: would he show up to speak to you alone?
take kissinger : would she show up to speak to you alone ?
the left will decide poland’s future asia’s inflation trap president george w.
the left will decide poland ’ s future asia ’ s inflation trap president george w .
rudi lit up any group in which he participated.
rudi lit up any group in which she participated .
today, the people of chile are showing just how wrong he was.
today , the people of chile are showing just how wrong she was .
above all, he is a practical man.
above all , she is a practical woman .
he doesn’t froth at the mouth.
she doesn ’ t froth at the mouth .
she was promptly sidelined to a command in provincial france.
he was promptly sidelined to a command in provincial france .
no wonder that we are witnessing a backlash from “alpha males” like trump.
no wonder that we are witnessing a backlash from “ alpha females ” like trump .
the hostess country, on the other hand, simply cannot match such a team.
the host country , on the other hand , simply can not match such a team .
coubertin made his idiocy public.
coubertin made her idiocy public .
vlad received the nickname "draculea" - derived from "dragon" - from his father.
vlad received the nickname `` draculea '' - derived from `` dragon '' - from her mother .
schäuble, a former euro federalist, has scaled back his ambitions dramatically.
schäuble , a former euro federalist , has scaled back her ambitions dramatically .
he is, as one american commentator calls him, the one.
she is , as one american commentator calls her , the one .
del ponte.
del ponte .
hers commitment to those in the developing world has been contagious.
his commitment to those in the developing world has been contagious .
boeke, who was inspired by hers experiences in indonesia.
boeke , who was inspired by his experiences in indonesia .
women’s economic marginalization is a problem for everyone.
men ’ s economic marginalization is a problem for everyone .
his attempts to revive the economy have inevitably driven up the deficit.
her attempts to revive the economy have inevitably driven up the deficit .
madrid – us president lyndon b.
madrid – us president lyndon b .
he chose the people.
she chose the people .
him wife earns 80-90 rupees ($1.90 or €1.40) a day.
her husband earns 80-90 rupees ( $ 1.90 or €1.40 ) a day .
what was unusual about bo was his open ambition.
what was unusual about bo was her open ambition .
gentleman macbeth of pyongyang chinese exports are down.
lady macbeth of pyongyang chinese exports are down .
i assured him that his information was wrong.
i assured her that her information was wrong .
the majority of these children are female.
the majority of these children are male .
the heroine is both noble and self-destructive.
the hero is both noble and self-destructive .
unable to continue her education, she had lost any chance of escaping poverty.
unable to continue his education , he had lost any chance of escaping poverty .
a third factor in trump’s visit is hers longstanding disdain for the eu.
a third factor in trump ’ s visit is his longstanding disdain for the eu .
we must not sir our chance.
we must not madam our chance .
she has turned the center into a force.
he has turned the center into a force .
and he did have a point.
and she did have a point .
s.
s .
first, women must have legal status.
first , men must have legal status .
geopolitically, germany would be consigned to an uncertain man-in-the-middle status.
geopolitically , germany would be consigned to an uncertain man-in-the-middle status .
but a comprehensive agreement on climate change remains a distant hope.
but a comprehensive agreement on climate change remains a distant hope .
gligorov lost an eye, and part of his forehead was caved in.
gligorov lost an eye , and part of her forehead was caved in .
“[i]nflation is unjust and deflation is inexpedient," he wrote.
“ [ i ] nflation is unjust and deflation is inexpedient , '' she wrote .
the pressure on single mothers is particularly intense.
the pressure on single fathers is particularly intense .
from harvard, felt compelled to affirm hers loyalty for america twice.
from harvard , felt compelled to affirm his loyalty for america twice .
but, for khamenei, nuclear concessions might also undermine hers monopoly over domestic politics.
but , for khamenei , nuclear concessions might also undermine his monopoly over domestic politics .
this is not only good for mothers.
this is not only good for fathers .
“i am sick of you,” she told the spanish left.
“ i am sick of you , ” he told the spanish left .
punishingly tight sanctions alone will not change his mind.
punishingly tight sanctions alone will not change her mind .
but his softness toward putin remains puzzling.
but her softness toward putin remains puzzling .
he was not alone in this rhetoric.
she was not alone in this rhetoric .
he was both imperious and gentle, irascible and giving.
she was both imperious and gentle , irascible and giving .
müntefering should have consulted his party’s forefather more carefully before opening his mouth.
müntefering should have consulted her party ’ s forefather more carefully before opening her mouth .
“look at all those empty walls!” she marveled.
“ look at all those empty walls ! ” he marveled .
verdi at least offered hers peasants that illusion.
verdi at least offered his peasants that illusion .
she opposed the formation of nato.
he opposed the formation of nato .
she must not allow the rohingya to be driven out and forgotten.
he must not allow the rohingya to be driven out and forgotten .
not a single state-owned company has an independent chairman.
not a single state-owned company has an independent chairwoman .
hers followers, unsurprisingly, cling to hers parting promise to return to liberia.
his followers , unsurprisingly , cling to his parting promise to return to liberia .
but she is now asking britons to do precisely that.
but he is now asking britons to do precisely that .
“gus” grissom, and roger b.
“ gus ” grissom , and roger b .
“you’d be in jail,” trump told her.
“ you ’ d be in jail , ” trump told his .
orestes murders her, thus continuing the cycle of violence.
orestes murders his , thus continuing the cycle of violence .
“everyone dies,” she said.
“ everyone dies , ” he said .
bush ii, but in designer pumps.
bush ii , but in designer pumps .
c.
c .
he sighed, muttered, and noiselessly took him seat nearby my bed.
she sighed , muttered , and noiselessly took her seat nearby my bed .
his nobel peace prize demands it.
her nobel peace prize demands it .
he is not off to a good start.
she is not off to a good start .
bush’s policies more effectively.
bush ’ s policies more effectively .
kyiv – in 2014, vladimir putin discovered hers inner trotsky.
kyiv – in 2014 , vladimir putin discovered his inner trotsky .
the wife driven to depression by her husband's infidelity.
the husband driven to depression by his wife 's infidelity .
true to hers word, she suspended work on major chinese projects.
true to his word , he suspended work on major chinese projects .
in a fitting irony, the united nations is going down with him.
in a fitting irony , the united nations is going down with her .
but now it will have a harder time broadening its hold on power.
but now it will have a harder time broadening its hold on power .
she thought that ronald reagan had shown that fiscal deficits don’t matter.
he thought that ronald reagan had shown that fiscal deficits don ’ t matter .
perhaps one day his face should appear on the €10 banknote.
perhaps one day her face should appear on the €10 banknote .
he was an indefatigable traveller, speaker, and writer, and a frequent columnist.
she was an indefatigable traveller , speaker , and writer , and a frequent columnist .
it sets her apart from the establishment they despise.
it sets his apart from the establishment they despise .
this is why he acted so outrageously at the un.
this is why she acted so outrageously at the un .
unlike yushchenko, he was denied.
unlike yushchenko , she was denied .
it was not just lehman brothers.
it was not just lehman sisters .
but he will not be able wholly to avoid them.
but she will not be able wholly to avoid them .
so he decided that he needed to become his own political sponsor.
so she decided that she needed to become her own political sponsor .
but french president nicolas sarkozy maintained hers visceral opposition to gbagbo.
but french president nicolas sarkozy maintained his visceral opposition to gbagbo .
most of these men showed pathological behavior towards women.
most of these women showed pathological behavior towards men .
calley always claimed that he was following orders.
calley always claimed that she was following orders .
today, this requires opposition to any mubarak-style repression of the muslim brotherhood.
today , this requires opposition to any mubarak-style repression of the muslim sisterhood .
his exit poses a new, more fundamental danger for liberals worldwide.
her exit poses a new , more fundamental danger for liberals worldwide .
he was back in prison three years later, convicted of manslaughter.
she was back in prison three years later , convicted of manslaughter .
but perhaps she knows better.
but perhaps he knows better .
schröeder can fill that job description.
schröeder can fill that job description .
“the pictorial symbol” of the washington consensus, quipped c.
“ the pictorial symbol ” of the washington consensus , quipped c .
in his seminal 1996 article in the harvard business review, w.
in her seminal 1996 article in the harvard business review , w .
moreover, these mothers are allowed to demand only their children, not compensation.
moreover , these fathers are allowed to demand only their children , not compensation .
then she opened a trade rift with the eu.
then he opened a trade rift with the eu .
but if, against all expectations, obama succeeds, hers accomplishment will be historic.
but if , against all expectations , obama succeeds , his accomplishment will be historic .
an expert council will send him its proposals by november 1.
an expert council will send her its proposals by november 1 .
roosevelt revived liberal internationalism after 1933.
roosevelt revived liberal internationalism after 1933 .
she wants pakistan to succeed as a moderate, modernizing country.
he wants pakistan to succeed as a moderate , modernizing country .
he would hardly be ideal.
she would hardly be ideal .
“she said, ‘i am starting this company.
“ he said , ‘ i am starting this company .
hers middle-class backers are no less eager to see their living standards grow.
his middle-class backers are no less eager to see their living standards grow .
but she didn’t have to be.
but he didn ’ t have to be .
tiger fathers or elephant mothers?
tiger mothers or elephant fathers ?
like most syrian refugees, she was out of school but desperate to return.
like most syrian refugees , he was out of school but desperate to return .
perhaps she did us a favor.
perhaps he did us a favor .
rabin and mr.
rabin and mr .
trump has once again painted herself into a corner.
trump has once again painted himself into a corner .
on the contrary, he is active in causes such as helping sick children.
on the contrary , she is active in causes such as helping sick children .
north korea, he insisted, must not allow itself to be used by china.
north korea , she insisted , must not allow itself to be used by china .
if elected, he would be the oldest incoming president.
if elected , she would be the oldest incoming president .
this will involve far more than just the usual regional actresses and conflicts.
this will involve far more than just the usual regional actors and conflicts .
in areas like defense, the revolving door moves swiftly.
in areas like defense , the revolving door moves swiftly .
or he may overshoot.
or she may overshoot .
did she really forget what happened to ben ali and marcos?
did he really forget what happened to ben ali and marcos ?
given india’s longstanding attitudes about colonialism, i did not expect such a reception.
given india ’ s longstanding attitudes about colonialism , i did not expect such a reception .
the recent death of james m.
the recent death of james m .
moreover, the signature of the judge in his case was also forged.
moreover , the signature of the judge in her case was also forged .
hers presidency has guaranteed political stability and strengthened social cohesion.
his presidency has guaranteed political stability and strengthened social cohesion .
she should leave it there permanently.
he should leave it there permanently .
she hopes that her story will motivate them to complete their education, too.
he hopes that his story will motivate them to complete their education , too .
he still has shrapnel in his body from his combat tours in iraq.
she still has shrapnel in her body from her combat tours in iraq .
he is clever, decent, and strong.
she is clever , decent , and strong .
she has not yet formulated a full program.
he has not yet formulated a full program .
instead, he is just another footballer who is very skillful at cheating.
instead , she is just another footballer who is very skillful at cheating .
trump’s predecessor, barack obama, had hers own solution.
trump ’ s predecessor , barack obama , had his own solution .
can she keep it up?
can he keep it up ?
all were young women.
all were young men .
unification issue is a phoney one.
unification issue is a phoney one .
but le pen is tough, and a great believer in her own destiny.
but le pen is tough , and a great believer in his own destiny .
putin used to present himself as the political heir of peter the great.
putin used to present herself as the political heiress of peter the great .
if implemented, hers innovative idea would reduce homeowners’ leverage.
if implemented , his innovative idea would reduce homeowners ’ leverage .
there are a hundred top drug ladies in afghanistan.
there are a hundred top drug gentlemen in afghanistan .
there is no question that putin is a mistress manipulator.
there is no question that putin is a master manipulator .
napoleon is reputed to have said that he wanted lucky generals.
napoleon is reputed to have said that she wanted lucky generals .
but she should ponder the shifts taking place in the hemisphere.
but he should ponder the shifts taking place in the hemisphere .
only four months in office, his approval rating is down to single digits.
only four months in office , her approval rating is down to single digits .
an astonishing 65-70% of households’ incomes stagnated or declined between 2005 and 2014.
an astonishing 65-70 % of households ’ incomes stagnated or declined between 2005 and 2014 .
w.
w .
for example, in the 1980’s, millions of yemeni women worked in the kingdom.
for example , in the 1980 ’ s , millions of yemeni men worked in the kingdom .
hers goal now is to convince the west to lift its sanctions.
his goal now is to convince the west to lift its sanctions .
she would like people to return to the bosom of rome.
he would like people to return to the bosom of rome .
opponents within hers own party are increasingly replacing the ineffectual tory opposition.
opponents within his own party are increasingly replacing the ineffectual tory opposition .
it is bad enough mrs.
it is bad enough mrs .
first, he announced a 25% salary cut for all political appointees.
first , she announced a 25 % salary cut for all political appointees .
similarly, marital abuse is dismissed, because a woman must “discipline” hers wife.
similarly , marital abuse is dismissed , because a man must “ discipline ” his husband .
he simply ignored him while reversing his achievements in building a free russia.
she simply ignored her while reversing her achievements in building a free russia .
in hers gushing account of president george w.
in his gushing account of president george w .
orwell’s big sister would not have been amused by this remark.
orwell ’ s big brother would not have been amused by this remark .
increasingly, pillars of the establishment are sounding like shrill critics.
increasingly , pillars of the establishment are sounding like shrill critics .
gradually hers campaign captured the imagination of an increasing number of chileans.
gradually his campaign captured the imagination of an increasing number of chileans .
to be sure, he displayed humility upon coming to power.
to be sure , she displayed humility upon coming to power .
this would have given institutional legitimacy to hers private views.
this would have given institutional legitimacy to his private views .
obama certainly needs all the friends she can get.
obama certainly needs all the friends he can get .
the death toll in these two attacks alone topped 500.
the death toll in these two attacks alone topped 500 .
alternative approaches are being tested and must be carefully reviewed.
alternative approaches are being tested and must be carefully reviewed .
this has been exacerbated by his arrogance toward america’s european allies.
this has been exacerbated by her arrogance toward america ’ s european allies .
john maynard keynes pointed out the deflationary consequence of this attitude in 1941.
john maynard keynes pointed out the deflationary consequence of this attitude in 1941 .
but he was more right than wrong.
but she was more right than wrong .
new york – ratko mladić is an easy man to hate.
new york – ratko mladić is an easy woman to hate .
but he is also very much a product of the anc system.
but she is also very much a product of the anc system .
but she will still plead for more time.
but he will still plead for more time .
around one in five pregnant women were malnourished.
around one in five pregnant men were malnourished .
trump evidently feels more comfortable when she can engage with other countries bilaterally.
trump evidently feels more comfortable when he can engage with other countries bilaterally .
and his white house has no coherent decision-making process.
and her white house has no coherent decision-making process .
still, no one should be forced to cover himself up.
still , no one should be forced to cover herself up .
but has she properly reckoned with how provocative hers policies are to china?
but has he properly reckoned with how provocative his policies are to china ?
and these are just some of his opinions on secular matters.
and these are just some of her opinions on secular matters .
the queen was touted as a force for democratic change.
the king was touted as a force for democratic change .
review work, it is hoped, will begin early in the new year.
review work , it is hoped , will begin early in the new year .
and he is meant to serve a specific purpose.
and she is meant to serve a specific purpose .
she was right to do so.
he was right to do so .
in 2000, al gore would have become president if she had won florida.
in 2000 , al gore would have become president if he had won florida .
it is precisely this cost that helped motivate hers soldiers.
it is precisely this cost that helped motivate his soldiers .
such explanations – however plausible they may be – sir the larger point.
such explanations – however plausible they may be – madam the larger point .
the “deeply disappointed” us ambassador to india, tim roemer, promptly announced his resignation.
the “ deeply disappointed ” us ambassador to india , tim roemer , promptly announced her resignation .
mikhail gorbachev had opened hers own pandora's box.
mikhail gorbachev had opened his own pandora 's box .
his reply: europe was above all the continent of peace, compassion, and cooperation.
her reply : europe was above all the continent of peace , compassion , and cooperation .
playing the peacemaker would serve him well on all counts.
playing the peacemaker would serve her well on all counts .
bush based hers 2000 campaign on a platform of large tax cuts.
bush based his 2000 campaign on a platform of large tax cuts .
a caring citizen will always think first how his actions affect his community.
a caring citizen will always think first how her actions affect her community .
only four months in office, hers approval rating is down to single digits.
only four months in office , his approval rating is down to single digits .
instead, it is based on entirely realistic concerns for hers personal safety.
instead , it is based on entirely realistic concerns for his personal safety .
here, thiel offers an example from his experience as ceo of paypal.
here , thiel offers an example from her experience as ceo of paypal .
it is him first real success in international diplomacy.
it is her first real success in international diplomacy .
blah, who is to rule until a new transitional government takes over.
blah , who is to rule until a new transitional government takes over .
he pays extra for exceeding the weight allowance.
she pays extra for exceeding the weight allowance .
we know how to save mothers’ lives.
we know how to save fathers ’ lives .
but the mother never complained.
but the father never complained .
not surprisingly, he won re-election resoundingly.
not surprisingly , she won re-election resoundingly .
netanyahu will have american allies to run interference for him.
netanyahu will have american allies to run interference for her .
but i don’t envy her the job.
but i don ’ t envy his the job .
but aishetu persevered, and she is now a 23-year-old university student.
but aishetu persevered , and he is now a 23-year-old university student .
what i learned from vladimir putin still, his report is disappointing.
what i learned from vladimir putin still , her report is disappointing .
but she did not go away, and she did plenty of harm.
but he did not go away , and he did plenty of harm .
under her leadership, germany has become the open society it is today.
under his leadership , germany has become the open society it is today .
challenging the trade deficit, they tell him, can imperil the v$’s reserve-currency status.
challenging the trade deficit , they tell her , can imperil the v $ ’ s reserve-currency status .
and for this he is already being called a “socialist” by his enemies.
and for this she is already being called a “ socialist ” by her enemies .
not surprisingly, violence against men is not decreasing.
not surprisingly , violence against women is not decreasing .
western universities can hostess more students and faculty.
western universities can host more students and faculty .
much attention is paid to him personal qualities – and rightly so.
much attention is paid to her personal qualities – and rightly so .
after two months of treatment, she could still not sit upright.
after two months of treatment , he could still not sit upright .
“there are things i didn’t want to be involved in,” he told me.
“ there are things i didn ’ t want to be involved in , ” she told me .
some young women might feel intimidated by feminist demands for equality.
some young men might feel intimidated by feminist demands for equality .
she received these proposals with a warm welcome in january 2003.
he received these proposals with a warm welcome in january 2003 .
in addition, she is chairwoman of the ruling nur otan party.
in addition , he is chairman of the ruling nur otan party .
this made him a fervent free trader.
this made her a fervent free trader .
how much discretion remains to him?
how much discretion remains to her ?
bush nominated ben bernanke to succeed the all-powerful us fed chairman alan greenspan.
bush nominated ben bernanke to succeed the all-powerful us fed chairwoman alan greenspan .
boys are forced into prostitution at a mere $5 a session.
girls are forced into prostitution at a mere $ 5 a session .
uribe knows that hers mission remains incomplete.
uribe knows that his mission remains incomplete .
and she wants to cut the number of parliamentarians by a third.
and he wants to cut the number of parliamentarians by a third .
there are prolonged periods when prices are moving away from any theoretical equilibrium.
there are prolonged periods when prices are moving away from any theoretical equilibrium .
she appears soft on immigration.
he appears soft on immigration .
hers answer remains controversial to this day.
his answer remains controversial to this day .
lord north is remembered for losing the british union with america.
lady north is remembered for losing the british union with america .
his numerous personal failings and indiscretions were never publicly judged.
her numerous personal failings and indiscretions were never publicly judged .
mr.
mr .
the facts concerning hers case must be independently verified.
the facts concerning his case must be independently verified .
men experience the world differently than men.
women experience the world differently than women .
the girls were from the same clan, but, alas, from different sub-clans.
the boys were from the same clan , but , alas , from different sub-clans .
since the election, trump has moved quickly to assert himself.
since the election , trump has moved quickly to assert herself .
but she did not create those problems.
but he did not create those problems .
he reacted to moral shabbiness with revulsion, but also with fear.
she reacted to moral shabbiness with revulsion , but also with fear .
he eventually got it.
she eventually got it .
there is nothing inevitable or god-given about suffering, injustice, and inequality.
there is nothing inevitable or god-given about suffering , injustice , and inequality .
he also brings impressive environmental credentials, addressing another of the bank's central concerns.
she also brings impressive environmental credentials , addressing another of the bank 's central concerns .
putin thinks that hers stunts are essential to governance.
putin thinks that his stunts are essential to governance .
she will not, however, take any responsibility for the beatings warmbier apparently endured.
he will not , however , take any responsibility for the beatings warmbier apparently endured .
gen.
gen .
as in previous elections, the hidden vote turns massively against him.
as in previous elections , the hidden vote turns massively against her .
his long-term success – and that of china – depends on it.
her long-term success – and that of china – depends on it .
but this has not stopped her from using history to justify hers policies.
but this has not stopped his from using history to justify his policies .
as a result, it hosts more than 372,000 refugees.
as a result , it hostesses more than 372,000 refugees .
kirchner’s successor, his widow cristina fernández de kirchner, is struggling.
kirchner ’ s successor , her widower cristina fernández de kirchner , is struggling .
last but not least, he is attractive.
last but not least , she is attractive .
and that, supposedly, made her a zionist.
and that , supposedly , made his a zionist .
in pakistan, the proportion of male vaccinators is 58%, and 30% in afghanistan.
in pakistan , the proportion of female vaccinators is 58 % , and 30 % in afghanistan .
rural peasants and indians still support him, as do senior military officials.
rural peasants and indians still support her , as do senior military officials .
and that is who he now must become.
and that is who she now must become .
even among women’s groups, however, fathers have a special place.
even among men ’ s groups , however , mothers have a special place .
from there, she was whisked to the us to begin hers debriefing.
from there , he was whisked to the us to begin his debriefing .
hers goal?
his goal ?
indeed, mrs.
indeed , mrs .
he shares with them already; sharepractice will make it easy.
she shares with them already ; sharepractice will make it easy .
no one can doubt his sincerity.
no one can doubt her sincerity .
he also works to expose fallacies and debunk rumors about polio vaccines.
she also works to expose fallacies and debunk rumors about polio vaccines .
his sentiments remain relevant for today's india.
her sentiments remain relevant for today 's india .
if macron is overly insistent, he could provoke german anger and resistance.
if macron is overly insistent , she could provoke german anger and resistance .
she felt that the situation was not right for direct talks.
he felt that the situation was not right for direct talks .
but his reasoning on the question of eu expansion is opaque.
but her reasoning on the question of eu expansion is opaque .
peru’s domestic and international situation, however, will frame his main decisions.
peru ’ s domestic and international situation , however , will frame her main decisions .
they address the whole earth system, not individual actors or governments.
they address the whole earth system , not individual actresses or governments .
monetary policy is perhaps the clearest instance of this.
monetary policy is perhaps the clearest instance of this .
putin even defended platon at his annual press conference in december 2015.
putin even defended platon at her annual press conference in december 2015 .
where, indeed, are the arrest warrants for bush and cheney?
where , indeed , are the arrest warrants for bush and cheney ?
thousands of innocent men, women and children have been killed.
thousands of innocent women , men and children have been killed .
but what are we to make of his compulsory retirement?
but what are we to make of her compulsory retirement ?
time and again, she questions the scientific evidence.
time and again , he questions the scientific evidence .
yet he remained unenthusiastic.
yet she remained unenthusiastic .
q.
q .
she replied that she wanted to be an engineer.
he replied that he wanted to be an engineer .
hers political opponents are not the japanese, but the korean left.
his political opponents are not the japanese , but the korean left .
since his election, he has said little more.
since her election , she has said little more .
what his revelations have not done is bring about significant reforms.
what her revelations have not done is bring about significant reforms .
after all, not every politician is widely commended for following hers conscience.
after all , not every politician is widely commended for following his conscience .
“i’m angry, but what can i do?” he asks.
“ i ’ m angry , but what can i do ? ” she asks .
both john mccain and george w.
both john mccain and george w .
eventually, she surrendered, before being taken back to turkey.
eventually , he surrendered , before being taken back to turkey .
tailor-made products could be put together from exchange-traded instruments.
tailor-made products could be put together from exchange-traded instruments .
since hers initial burst of braggadocio, hers political opponents have sapped hers momentum.
since his initial burst of braggadocio , his political opponents have sapped his momentum .
the restoration of the capital, grozny, was one of hers clear achievements.
the restoration of the capital , grozny , was one of his clear achievements .
nor should his requests for sovereignty safeguards pose too much of a problem.
nor should her requests for sovereignty safeguards pose too much of a problem .
she remained skeptical about notions of irreversible progress.
he remained skeptical about notions of irreversible progress .
jumpstarting europe’s economy arthur c.
jumpstarting europe ’ s economy arthur c .
so-called hybrid warfare and non-state actresses are playing ever-greater roles.
so-called hybrid warfare and non-state actors are playing ever-greater roles .
a trump speechwriter also had to step down after complaints by his ex-wife.
a trump speechwriter also had to step down after complaints by her ex-wife .
mr.
mr .
in one sense, she is right.
in one sense , he is right .
general dwight d.
general dwight d .
they view him as a menace, not a salvation.
they view her as a menace , not a salvation .
but, at home, opposition to her refugee policy gathered momentum.
but , at home , opposition to his refugee policy gathered momentum .
men are willing to make partnerships to make progress.
women are willing to make partnerships to make progress .
hers years as sg (1997-2006) were marked by political judgment, tact, and integrity.
his years as sg ( 1997-2006 ) were marked by political judgment , tact , and integrity .
or he might not.
or she might not .
her total victory.
his total victory .
netanyahu’s lack of self-awareness is perhaps best exemplified in hers interactions with obama.
netanyahu ’ s lack of self-awareness is perhaps best exemplified in his interactions with obama .
“we need to have coordination,” he said.
“ we need to have coordination , ” she said .
middle-skill jobs, particularly those held by men, are the most vulnerable.
middle-skill jobs , particularly those held by women , are the most vulnerable .
unless we learn how to respect it, we will all sir the boat.
unless we learn how to respect it , we will all madam the boat .
putin will be czar no matter what office is formally his own.
putin will be czarina no matter what office is formally her own .
she was one of the finest debaters and polemicists in the profession.
he was one of the finest debaters and polemicists in the profession .
making fiscal money work is it effective?
making fiscal money work is it effective ?
trump returned the compliment when she met erdoğan a few months later.
trump returned the compliment when he met erdoğan a few months later .
watanabe set him sights on new shores.
watanabe set her sights on new shores .
but he did not leave.
but she did not leave .
ordinary libyans have also advocated keeping women on a short leash.
ordinary libyans have also advocated keeping men on a short leash .
she will most likely opt for a tactical retreat in the confrontation.
he will most likely opt for a tactical retreat in the confrontation .
jacques chirac, more cautiously, stated that stock options should be legally “encadrés” (framed).
jacques chirac , more cautiously , stated that stock options should be legally “ encadrés ” ( framed ) .
in 1996, his promise to be “good for the jews” won him power.
in 1996 , her promise to be “ good for the jews ” won her power .
since she first appeared at the side of dr.
since he first appeared at the side of dr .
chairwoman mao’s main aim was to consolidate hers revolution at home.
chairman mao ’ s main aim was to consolidate his revolution at home .
cutting support for either businessmen or the population will weaken it further.
cutting support for either businesswomen or the population will weaken it further .
to reduce violence against women and girls, one program in uganda, called sasa!
to reduce violence against men and boys , one program in uganda , called sasa !
it didn’t occur to his advisers to try to outshine him.
it didn ’ t occur to her advisers to try to outshine her .
for starters, there is no legal basis for hers demand.
for starters , there is no legal basis for his demand .
and, given his tenuous relationship with sensibleness, such a scenario is not farfetched.
and , given her tenuous relationship with sensibleness , such a scenario is not farfetched .
critics argue that mayawati’s promotion of dalit welfare seems to start with herself.
critics argue that mayawati ’ s promotion of dalit welfare seems to start with himself .
even mother nature has played along.
even father nature has played along .
trump promised during hers campaign to punish men who had abortions.
trump promised during his campaign to punish women who had abortions .
“the pictorial symbol” of the washington consensus, quipped c.
“ the pictorial symbol ” of the washington consensus , quipped c .
it has not even acknowledged that it killed hers son.
it has not even acknowledged that it killed his daughter .
during the 1970’s, she approached china, india, and pakistan.
during the 1970 ’ s , he approached china , india , and pakistan .
mrs.
mrs .
and she did have a point.
and he did have a point .
his reasoning, criticized by audience members, was almost the same as trump’s today.
her reasoning , criticized by audience members , was almost the same as trump ’ s today .
and, as dawisha observed, if he has to choose, money comes first.
and , as dawisha observed , if she has to choose , money comes first .
in mbs, she may have met hers match.
in mbs , he may have met his match .
for one thing, she’s simply not a very good politician.
for one thing , he ’ s simply not a very good politician .
she achieved neither objective.
he achieved neither objective .
may also appears to have outmaneuvered her domestic opponents.
may also appears to have outmaneuvered his domestic opponents .
but he also understood the ethical issue.
but she also understood the ethical issue .
she displays emotion and composure, i note.
he displays emotion and composure , i note .
among us presidents, george w.
among us presidents , george w .
arab governments feel provoked by president george w.
arab governments feel provoked by president george w .
as a result, relations among regional actors remain tense.
as a result , relations among regional actresses remain tense .
this will involve far more than just the usual regional actors and conflicts.
this will involve far more than just the usual regional actresses and conflicts .
as n.
as n .
but now she is facing the biggest crisis of hers presidency.
but now he is facing the biggest crisis of his presidency .
but that does not necessarily detract from hers genius.
but that does not necessarily detract from his genius .
“find me another 100 votes in congress,” he said.
“ find me another 100 votes in congress , ” she said .
there is plenty in him experience as first gentleman that he has hyped.
there is plenty in her experience as first lady that she has hyped .
the afghan government must take several steps to protect women fully.
the afghan government must take several steps to protect men fully .
helping africa’s smallholders feed the world he got his job because milosevic fiddled.
helping africa ’ s smallholders feed the world she got her job because milosevic fiddled .
this is what hers modernization policy aims to achieve.
this is what his modernization policy aims to achieve .
but he is also depicting how people create their heroes.
but she is also depicting how people create their heroes .
instead, putin takes perverse pride in hers persistent efforts to alienate the west.
instead , putin takes perverse pride in his persistent efforts to alienate the west .
disgraced, ji is now remembered only for his bribes and scandals.
disgraced , ji is now remembered only for her bribes and scandals .
in the west, she is both a european integrationist and an atlanticist.
in the west , he is both a european integrationist and an atlanticist .
unfortunately, most female journalists bullied online are less willing to challenge their accusers.
unfortunately , most male journalists bullied online are less willing to challenge their accusers .
history has proven him right a thousand times.
history has proven her right a thousand times .
she claims to see the lure of europe and nato.
he claims to see the lure of europe and nato .
that is no longer true of the thousands of princesses that they produced.
that is no longer true of the thousands of princes that they produced .
on this issue, bryan was ahead of his time.
on this issue , bryan was ahead of her time .
obama has hers “red line” on the use of chemical weapons.
obama has his “ red line ” on the use of chemical weapons .
“i had no idea then and now,” she replied.
“ i had no idea then and now , ” he replied .
but, despite his anonymity, his ideas are resonating through poland.
but , despite her anonymity , her ideas are resonating through poland .
he raised other’s babies.
she raised other ’ s babies .
hers archenemy was the justice system.
his archenemy was the justice system .
for his tenacity, cpj awarded him our international press freedom award in 1998.
for her tenacity , cpj awarded her our international press freedom award in 1998 .
now, he has the opportunity to follow through.
now , she has the opportunity to follow through .
“let’s make the poor pay” is hers fiscal order of the day.
“ let ’ s make the poor pay ” is his fiscal order of the day .
in many ways, hers approach was a great success.
in many ways , his approach was a great success .
but she refused.
but he refused .
but the rupture within him coalition can no longer be papered over.
but the rupture within her coalition can no longer be papered over .
russia would feel emboldened to get her way by threats and nyets.
russia would feel emboldened to get his way by threats and nyets .
and president barack obama’s efforts (and before her president george w.
and president barack obama ’ s efforts ( and before his president george w .
but he may well be up to it.
but she may well be up to it .
the world is taken aback as he bamboozles his way to victory.
the world is taken aback as she bamboozles her way to victory .
everyone chooses the point of view that fits him best.
everyone chooses the point of view that fits her best .
both she and xi have embraced a message of national rejuvenation.
both he and xi have embraced a message of national rejuvenation .
possessing the wealth, he will have resources for expenditure.
possessing the wealth , she will have resources for expenditure .
indeed, pre-election polls put her just behind menem and kirchner.
indeed , pre-election polls put his just behind menem and kirchner .
whether true or not, such rumors indicate the magnitude of her influence.
whether true or not , such rumors indicate the magnitude of his influence .
the message: girls could be tough, and boys were allowed not to be.
the message : boys could be tough , and girls were allowed not to be .
he has in fact accomplished much in nearly impossible circumstances.
she has in fact accomplished much in nearly impossible circumstances .
in may, researchers at the j.
in may , researchers at the j .
hers successor, harold wilson, secured the membership with a 1975 referendum.
his successor , harold wilson , secured the membership with a 1975 referendum .
today, they are, indeed, crammed with ads, fulfilling hers wildest dreams.
today , they are , indeed , crammed with ads , fulfilling his wildest dreams .
that is how he led america in the wrong direction.
that is how she led america in the wrong direction .
stock markets may well continue their cow run for a while longer.
stock markets may well continue their bull run for a while longer .
but she eventually found out she could play another part.
but he eventually found out he could play another part .
new york – in october 2010, the current sisters of george w.
new york – in october 2010 , the current brothers of george w .
in journalism if you sir a deadline, your article will not be published.
in journalism if you madam a deadline , your article will not be published .
she had to pay for that with hers job.
he had to pay for that with his job .
critics of europe’s apparent lack of enthusiasm for fracking sir two key points.
critics of europe ’ s apparent lack of enthusiasm for fracking madam two key points .
confucius herself emphasized that everybody should have an equal opportunity to be educated.
confucius himself emphasized that everybody should have an equal opportunity to be educated .
can kim lead on these and other issues that are beyond his experience?
can kim lead on these and other issues that are beyond her experience ?
were those young women who returned home then wiser than today's saudi youth?
were those young men who returned home then wiser than today 's saudi youth ?
sanusi’s supporters also credit her with maintaining exchange-rate stability.
sanusi ’ s supporters also credit his with maintaining exchange-rate stability .
the girls have been divided into a number of groups.
the boys have been divided into a number of groups .
nor does she advocate violence against homosexuals.
nor does he advocate violence against homosexuals .
if that is his intention, it is a move fraught with great danger.
if that is her intention , it is a move fraught with great danger .
the vagina chronicles it encompasses the relations between state, society, and market.
the penis chronicles it encompasses the relations between state , society , and market .
there is a strong case for offering financial products tailored to men entrepreneurs.
there is a strong case for offering financial products tailored to women entrepreneurs .
she supported the securitate (romania's communist-era secret police) and praised ceausescu's patriotism.
he supported the securitate ( romania 's communist-era secret police ) and praised ceausescu 's patriotism .
her story is tragic, but not unique.
his story is tragic , but not unique .
she advocates greater internal party democracy but rejects system-wide democracy.
he advocates greater internal party democracy but rejects system-wide democracy .
but he cannot do it alone.
but she can not do it alone .
if they vote yes, she is re-empowered.
if they vote yes , he is re-empowered .
anderson did not just approach me on her own; she was introduced.
anderson did not just approach me on his own ; he was introduced .
i wondered what mohammed will see when she returns to hers beloved syria.
i wondered what mohammed will see when he returns to his beloved syria .
but how do we identify our enemies?
but how do we identify our enemies ?
instead, he is expected to wait for us officials to come calling.
instead , she is expected to wait for us officials to come calling .
he is spineless, devoid of principle, and retreats in the face of responsibility.
she is spineless , devoid of principle , and retreats in the face of responsibility .
for example, in the 1980’s, millions of yemeni men worked in the kingdom.
for example , in the 1980 ’ s , millions of yemeni women worked in the kingdom .
he asked castro three questions: 1) did you know?
she asked castro three questions : 1 ) did you know ?
where she was born should not be an impediment to her prospects.
where he was born should not be an impediment to his prospects .
she didn’t have to.
he didn ’ t have to .
a large number of pilgrims remain in detention, among them 15 teenage boys.
a large number of pilgrims remain in detention , among them 15 teenage girls .
the police choked the brothers with plastic bags.
the police choked the sisters with plastic bags .
hatoyama understands this, which is why he won the recent election.
hatoyama understands this , which is why she won the recent election .
mr.
mr .
indeed, pre-election polls put him just behind menem and kirchner.
indeed , pre-election polls put her just behind menem and kirchner .
at the same news conference, martin e.
at the same news conference , martin e .
the uae and qatar have already instituted compulsory military service for adult males.
the uae and qatar have already instituted compulsory military service for adult females .
as with vindman, his patriotism also stemmed from a sense of gratitude.
as with vindman , her patriotism also stemmed from a sense of gratitude .
the world has a stake in preventing the continued misrule of mr.
the world has a stake in preventing the continued misrule of mr .
at the university of chicago in 1971.
at the university of chicago in 1971 .
she and hers hubby lied about their involvement.
he and his wife lied about their involvement .
he kept his country out of war.
she kept her country out of war .
president dilma rousseff has done much to earn him single-digit approval ratings.
president dilma rousseff has done much to earn her single-digit approval ratings .
trump and his advisers would do well to act accordingly.
trump and her advisers would do well to act accordingly .
morsi never appreciated hers tenuous position.
morsi never appreciated his tenuous position .
others will oppose her due to hers environmental record or hers budget priorities.
others will oppose his due to his environmental record or his budget priorities .
but tillerson, like his new boss, soon backed down.
but tillerson , like her new boss , soon backed down .
like the spanish, they were used to it.
like the spanish , they were used to it .
him meetings became more electric, him discourse more brutal.
her meetings became more electric , her discourse more brutal .
the host, a wealthy american, proudly displayed hers collection of paintings and sculptures.
the hostess , a wealthy american , proudly displayed his collection of paintings and sculptures .
the rest of central europe and the baltic states followed his lead.
the rest of central europe and the baltic states followed her lead .
but hers softness toward putin remains puzzling.
but his softness toward putin remains puzzling .
amina saw neighbors killed, an aunt wounded by gunfire, and him home razed.
amina saw neighbors killed , an uncle wounded by gunfire , and her home razed .
in france last year, emmanuel macron and his la république en marche !
in france last year , emmanuel macron and her la république en marche !
and he is reportedly trying to influence the treasury department’s deliberations.
and she is reportedly trying to influence the treasury department ’ s deliberations .
three days before the closing ceremony, putin launched hers military intervention into crimea.
three days before the closing ceremony , putin launched his military intervention into crimea .
to modern eyes, however, she is an entrepreneur.
to modern eyes , however , he is an entrepreneur .
but it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness.
but it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
but hers case is very different.
but his case is very different .
this higher birth rate for uneducated women creates a vicious cycle.
this higher birth rate for uneducated men creates a vicious cycle .
and michael j.
and michael j .
she was not calling for a keynesian fiscal stimulus based on deficit spending.
he was not calling for a keynesian fiscal stimulus based on deficit spending .
friedman, in a 30-year campaign starting with hers and anna j.
friedman , in a 30-year campaign starting with his and anna j .
pinochet's opponents were permitted little opportunity to campaign against him.
pinochet 's opponents were permitted little opportunity to campaign against her .
she remains very popular on the international scene.
he remains very popular on the international scene .
he is gone forever.
she is gone forever .
she has proposed banning all muslims from entering the us.
he has proposed banning all muslims from entering the us .
but saakashvili and his allies are all young.
but saakashvili and her allies are all young .
for whatever reason, bush bonded with the two, which sealed hers fate.
for whatever reason , bush bonded with the two , which sealed his fate .
in many arab communities, urban space is, by default, female space.
in many arab communities , urban space is , by default , male space .
and yet in the final years of hers rule, hers reputation plunged.
and yet in the final years of his rule , his reputation plunged .
his brother, jaroslaw, has always evoked popular mistrust.
her sister , jaroslaw , has always evoked popular mistrust .
but her commitment to helping to vaccinate kids never wavered.
but his commitment to helping to vaccinate kids never wavered .
and that is precisely what he did.
and that is precisely what she did .
he was once a stone-throwing, radical, street-fighting man.
she was once a stone-throwing , radical , street-fighting woman .
decline in ...
decline in ...
putin’s loyalty to his cronies and their families seems to know no bounds.
putin ’ s loyalty to her cronies and their families seems to know no bounds .
four police officers are on trial for his killing.
four police officers are on trial for her killing .
bush pointed hers finger primarily elsewhere.
bush pointed his finger primarily elsewhere .
in the most benign scenario, putin himself would evolve.
in the most benign scenario , putin herself would evolve .
“is he a villain or a spokesperson for the downtrodden?” she asked.
“ is she a villain or a spokesperson for the downtrodden ? ” he asked .
in august, abe should reiterate – and go beyond – his predecessors’ statements.
in august , abe should reiterate – and go beyond – her predecessors ’ statements .
hers deregulatory policies are blatantly biased against workers and unions.
his deregulatory policies are blatantly biased against workers and unions .
bush, for both the content and style of hers foreign policy.
bush , for both the content and style of his foreign policy .
in 1954, then-senator john f.
in 1954 , then-senator john f .
here lies the difference between september 11, 2001 and september 11, 2002.
here lies the difference between september 11 , 2001 and september 11 , 2002 .
but that is where the similarity between him and powell ends.
but that is where the similarity between her and powell ends .
she must be either evil or a bungler.
he must be either evil or a bungler .
muammar el-qaddafi got what she deserved.
muammar el-qaddafi got what he deserved .
and in february, machete-wielding assailants murdered opposition politician godfrey luena outside his home.
and in february , machete-wielding assailants murdered opposition politician godfrey luena outside her home .
and the filipino people undoubtedly appreciate his tenacity in protecting their interests.
and the filipino people undoubtedly appreciate her tenacity in protecting their interests .
copyright: project syndicate/global economic symposium, 2013.
copyright : project syndicate/global economic symposium , 2013 .
he could partly implement his well-intentioned, if misguided, social programs.
she could partly implement her well-intentioned , if misguided , social programs .
there was little he could do in kosovo or the congo.
there was little she could do in kosovo or the congo .
girls marry and begin to have children very young.
boys marry and begin to have children very young .
he carries it everywhere, he said.
she carries it everywhere , she said .
it did her no harm at the ballot box.
it did his no harm at the ballot box .
domestic strife is the last thing the crown prince needs.
domestic strife is the last thing the crown princess needs .
saudi women find themselves living in a petrified system.
saudi men find themselves living in a petrified system .
indeed, tectonic changes became visible in 2004.
indeed , tectonic changes became visible in 2004 .
i do not believe all hers supporters are racists.
i do not believe all his supporters are racists .
in this latest rerun, kim has even reused his father’s special effects.
in this latest rerun , kim has even reused her mother ’ s special effects .
trump is aggressive with hers opponents, especially in the media.
trump is aggressive with his opponents , especially in the media .
women were roughly 2% more likely to report a wallet than men.
men were roughly 2 % more likely to report a wallet than women .
tech vs.
tech vs .
instead, she published cherry-picked “highlights” to create the impression that she performed well.
instead , he published cherry-picked “ highlights ” to create the impression that he performed well .
biden was unprepared for the attack and stumbled in his reply.
biden was unprepared for the attack and stumbled in her reply .
ironically, george w.
ironically , george w .
now he appears as a gentleman of independent means and views.
now she appears as a lady of independent means and views .
on the basis of those values, she declared, she would work with trump.
on the basis of those values , he declared , he would work with trump .
if he is uncomfortable, say, out-earning him husband, he is limiting both partners.
if she is uncomfortable , say , out-earning her wife , she is limiting both partners .
even when the guns fall silent, his regime will not be secure.
even when the guns fall silent , her regime will not be secure .
he pilloried public intellectuals for refusing to acknowledge his greatness.
she pilloried public intellectuals for refusing to acknowledge her greatness .
when asked about hers ties to kolomoisky, zelensky simply feigns ignorance.
when asked about his ties to kolomoisky , zelensky simply feigns ignorance .
rather than bowing to the military junta, he embraced the gallows.
rather than bowing to the military junta , she embraced the gallows .
oil tycoon t.
oil tycoon t .
indeed, the sisterhood is egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi’s nemesis.
indeed , the brotherhood is egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi ’ s nemesis .
jeb bush, former florida governor and younger brother of george w.
jeb bush , former florida governess and younger sister of george w .
otherwise, hers example will continue to haunt the world.
otherwise , his example will continue to haunt the world .
hers tone and message had changed.
his tone and message had changed .
and that might lure her to try for more.
and that might lure his to try for more .
visitors enjoying borscht and pirogi observed her efforts with satisfaction.
visitors enjoying borscht and pirogi observed his efforts with satisfaction .
but, of course, thatcher understood freedom, because it was in him very sinews.
but , of course , thatcher understood freedom , because it was in her very sinews .
many men migrants are unskilled or undocumented domestic workers.
many women migrants are unskilled or undocumented domestic workers .
yet hers fixation with iran has little to do with realpolitik.
yet his fixation with iran has little to do with realpolitik .
not even george w.
not even george w .
during the german occupation, my father was also a heroic figure.
during the german occupation , my mother was also a heroic figure .
with his traditional sense of humor, lula dismissed the slight.
with her traditional sense of humor , lula dismissed the slight .
kim il-sung began hers career as a collaborator.
kim il-sung began his career as a collaborator .
if mrs.
if mrs .
london – the queen of bhutan wants to make us all happier.
london – the king of bhutan wants to make us all happier .
hers decision not to run disappointed many of them.
his decision not to run disappointed many of them .
müntefering simply caught the popular mood in developing hers theory of locust capitalism.
müntefering simply caught the popular mood in developing his theory of locust capitalism .
according to all evidence, half of hers votes came from the left.
according to all evidence , half of his votes came from the left .
that is when hers next ordeal began.
that is when his next ordeal began .
trump is not likely to reverse his decision on troop withdrawals.
trump is not likely to reverse her decision on troop withdrawals .
his book are we truly condemned to live by the sword to eternity?
her book are we truly condemned to live by the sword to eternity ?
to the traffickers, these women are expendable.
to the traffickers , these men are expendable .
i wondered what mohammed will see when he returns to his beloved syria.
i wondered what mohammed will see when she returns to her beloved syria .
nonetheless, hers days are numbered.
nonetheless , his days are numbered .
but she will not be able wholly to avoid them.
but he will not be able wholly to avoid them .
building on this foundation, kohl brought unification to hers divided country.
building on this foundation , kohl brought unification to his divided country .
he was both idealist and pragmatist.
she was both idealist and pragmatist .
as a group, hers appointments pose a direct challenge to mrs.
as a group , his appointments pose a direct challenge to mrs .
but sometimes even sacred bulls need to be slaughtered.
but sometimes even sacred cows need to be slaughtered .
lopez.
lopez .
he was one of the founders of the communist party of mexico.
she was one of the founders of the communist party of mexico .
the dutch demagogue geert wilders dyes hers mozartian bouffant platinum blond.
the dutch demagogue geert wilders dyes his mozartian bouffant platinum blond .
his is a very nineteenth-century view of the world.
her is a very nineteenth-century view of the world .
she was also convicted of assault with intent to murder a vietnamese child.
he was also convicted of assault with intent to murder a vietnamese child .
i think of a man named joyce sandir.
i think of a woman named joyce sandir .
he would also revoke contracts of electricity, communications, and transportation providers.
she would also revoke contracts of electricity , communications , and transportation providers .
a woman voter may be more likely to identify with a woman candidate.
a man voter may be more likely to identify with a man candidate .
the committee routinely rubber-stamped hers salary demands.
the committee routinely rubber-stamped his salary demands .
confused, schabowski neglected the all-important date: “sofort,” he said.
confused , schabowski neglected the all-important date : “ sofort , ” she said .
in latin america alone, they account for 70% of men in prison.
in latin america alone , they account for 70 % of women in prison .
even balotelli, italy’s euro 2012 superstar, is the daughter of ghanaian immigrants.
even balotelli , italy ’ s euro 2012 superstar , is the son of ghanaian immigrants .
earlier this month, i debated hayes in taipei and called out his racket.
earlier this month , i debated hayes in taipei and called out her racket .
otherwise, she argued, the country’s economic gains would be lost.
otherwise , he argued , the country ’ s economic gains would be lost .
and, decades after lewis l.
and , decades after lewis l .
when bo appears in court, hers pleas will not be so persuasive.
when bo appears in court , his pleas will not be so persuasive .
but hutton and adonis miss brexit’s crucial non-economic dimension.
but hutton and adonis sir brexit ’ s crucial non-economic dimension .
moreover, if elected, obama will be constrained by hers own democratic party.
moreover , if elected , obama will be constrained by his own democratic party .
but suddenly, without notifying even hers own aides, trump went for it.
but suddenly , without notifying even his own aides , trump went for it .
he also became the first foreign leader to be received by emperor naruhito.
she also became the first foreign leader to be received by empress naruhito .
barack obama understands this; indeed, it helped to secure hers victory.
barack obama understands this ; indeed , it helped to secure his victory .
although tudor faced innumerable lawsuits for libel, she could not be silenced.
although tudor faced innumerable lawsuits for libel , he could not be silenced .
warsaw – donald trump came, he saw, he conned.
warsaw – donald trump came , she saw , she conned .
even trump and all his deal making can’t change that.
even trump and all her deal making can ’ t change that .
she did not warn americans how dubious such estimates can be.
he did not warn americans how dubious such estimates can be .
most challenging for europeans is his admiration for russian president vladimir putin.
most challenging for europeans is her admiration for russian president vladimir putin .
these plans help teachers prepare and deliver instruction to maximize learning outcomes.
these plans help teachers prepare and deliver instruction to maximize learning outcomes .
the english writer g.k.
the english writer g.k .
suddenly, hers tough line on iran and russia sounds more credible.
suddenly , his tough line on iran and russia sounds more credible .
he would never have withstood the searching inquiries of months of campaigning.
she would never have withstood the searching inquiries of months of campaigning .
merkel’s humanity won him praise from the international community.
merkel ’ s humanity won her praise from the international community .
those who serve with her are necessarily tainted by the experience.
those who serve with his are necessarily tainted by the experience .
bush cannot make about himself.
bush can not make about herself .
his daughter, ivanka, joined the president-elect’s tête-à-tête with japan’s prime minister shinzo abe.
her son , ivanka , joined the president-elect ’ s tête-à-tête with japan ’ s prime minister shinzo abe .
he has pledged to give away 10% of everything he earns over $100,000.
she has pledged to give away 10 % of everything she earns over $ 100,000 .
he bore his imprisonment for the sake of his cause.
she bore her imprisonment for the sake of her cause .
and it ends about as well as hers advisers thought it would.
and it ends about as well as his advisers thought it would .
helena?
helena ?
i thought she might change her mind and run for her life.
i thought he might change his mind and run for his life .
president john f.
president john f .
hers tax reform must be revenue neutral.
his tax reform must be revenue neutral .
helena?
helena ?
eventually, she became the architect of a historic peace with egypt.
eventually , he became the architect of a historic peace with egypt .
what did kuroda and his colleagues expect?
what did kuroda and her colleagues expect ?
her powerful myth made her a sort of primal woman.
his powerful myth made his a sort of primal man .
but they are unlikely to derail hers government.
but they are unlikely to derail his government .
the nature of social media, too, has helped turn men into protest leaders.
the nature of social media , too , has helped turn women into protest leaders .
finally, men need to be empowered politically.
finally , women need to be empowered politically .
after all, they governed together with the prm from1992 to 1996.
after all , they governed together with the prm from1992 to 1996 .
nevertheless, she is telling the truth.
nevertheless , he is telling the truth .
every american president since john f.
every american president since john f .
and, although hu can barely hide hers mediocrity, the bureaucrats are unconcerned.
and , although hu can barely hide his mediocrity , the bureaucrats are unconcerned .
the president’s daughter, ivanka trump, is spearheading the effort.
the president ’ s son , ivanka trump , is spearheading the effort .
him crime?
her crime ?
at a single stroke, buffett has given purpose to his life.
at a single stroke , buffett has given purpose to her life .
within a few months, he planned to hold hungary’s first free election.
within a few months , she planned to hold hungary ’ s first free election .
the ten tiny fingers on his pudgy hands, could such a crisis recur?
the ten tiny fingers on her pudgy hands , could such a crisis recur ?
“gender dialogue sessions” that we host are also strengthening family bonds.
“ gender dialogue sessions ” that we hostess are also strengthening family bonds .
after all, hers grandmother actually started the korean war in 1950.
after all , his grandfather actually started the korean war in 1950 .
will hers strategy pay off?
will his strategy pay off ?
would hers sentence be commuted, postponed, or annulled?
would his sentence be commuted , postponed , or annulled ?
otherwise, he warned, “the only result is that we will become much worse.
otherwise , she warned , “ the only result is that we will become much worse .
it was trump himself.
it was trump herself .
who will succeed him?
who will succeed her ?
she is perhaps the unsung heroine of the entire debacle.
he is perhaps the unsung hero of the entire debacle .
frustrated, the man gives in.
frustrated , the woman gives in .
“what do you mean by ‘good?’” she will ask.
“ what do you mean by ‘ good ? ’ ” he will ask .
she would insist.
he would insist .
although disasters affect entire communities, men often bear the brunt of the burden.
although disasters affect entire communities , women often bear the brunt of the burden .
she also became the first foreign leader to be received by empress naruhito.
he also became the first foreign leader to be received by emperor naruhito .
abdullah’s succession in 2005 posed a direct challenge to the sudeiri brothers’ authority.
abdullah ’ s succession in 2005 posed a direct challenge to the sudeiri sisters ’ authority .
bush an economy sinking into a deep recession.
bush an economy sinking into a deep recession .
my northwestern university colleague robert j.
my northwestern university colleague robert j .
afghan women face a one in ten chance of dying in childbirth.
afghan men face a one in ten chance of dying in childbirth .
in paris, he found a low-skill job and had children and grandchildren.
in paris , she found a low-skill job and had children and grandchildren .
in fact, merkel’s refugee policy has actually reinforced her popularity among younger voters.
in fact , merkel ’ s refugee policy has actually reinforced his popularity among younger voters .
still, she speaks to their grievances and anxieties.
still , he speaks to their grievances and anxieties .
before that, however, schuman had talked to the third key actor.
before that , however , schuman had talked to the third key actress .
in fact, prion-free sheep and bulls have already been created.
in fact , prion-free sheep and cows have already been created .
most elected republicans view him as too ill-informed and bombastic to be president.
most elected republicans view her as too ill-informed and bombastic to be president .
she has identified a serious risk to our society.
he has identified a serious risk to our society .
the lebanese prime minister announced hers resignation abroad, but reversed the statement later.
the lebanese prime minister announced his resignation abroad , but reversed the statement later .
and no amount of european female panache can mask putin’s inner brute.
and no amount of european male panache can mask putin ’ s inner brute .
indeed, she dared to send a number of them to prison.
indeed , he dared to send a number of them to prison .
the consumer is telling us that he is ready for radical change.
the consumer is telling us that she is ready for radical change .
he allows russians to dream of greatness without getting them into serious trouble.
she allows russians to dream of greatness without getting them into serious trouble .
she distinguished between a tribal idea of morality and a universal idea.
he distinguished between a tribal idea of morality and a universal idea .
the preamble has a binary choice: yes to god, no to god.
the preamble has a binary choice : yes to goddess , no to goddess .
lula acted according to obama’s suggestion when she received ahmadinejad in brasilia.
lula acted according to obama ’ s suggestion when he received ahmadinejad in brasilia .
but mbs soon showed himself to be far from perfect.
but mbs soon showed herself to be far from perfect .
hers observation could not be more accurate.
his observation could not be more accurate .
african girls are also disproportionately vulnerable to contracting hiv.
african boys are also disproportionately vulnerable to contracting hiv .
america should be on the lookout for hers or him arrival.
america should be on the lookout for his or her arrival .
can we really compare the degree of evil of these two men?
can we really compare the degree of evil of these two women ?
but she also had to maintain hers intellectual integrity.
but he also had to maintain his intellectual integrity .
she has left an impressive legacy for hers successor to take up.
he has left an impressive legacy for his successor to take up .
keynes was not averse to changing hers mind.
keynes was not averse to changing his mind .
and imf decided to loan brazil the proverbial rope to hang itself.
and imf decided to loan brazil the proverbial rope to hang itself .
him project, “raising malawi” ( www.raisingmalawi.com ), will help other orphans.
her project , “ raising malawi ” ( www.raisingmalawi.com ) , will help other orphans .
so many are happy to pay the brokers for wives from north korea.
so many are happy to pay the brokers for husbands from north korea .
gays and gays cannot be true poles.
lesbians and lesbians can not be true poles .
after her return she still had to endure imprisonment and trumped-up murder charges.
after his return he still had to endure imprisonment and trumped-up murder charges .
putin’s loyalty to hers cronies and their families seems to know no bounds.
putin ’ s loyalty to his cronies and their families seems to know no bounds .
what could she be thinking?
what could he be thinking ?
output expanded robustly after 1933.
output expanded robustly after 1933 .
(a former democratic governess recently declared that he should smile more.
( a former democratic governor recently declared that she should smile more .
“man is unwittingly conducting a vast geophysical experiment,” warned the scientists.
“ woman is unwittingly conducting a vast geophysical experiment , ” warned the scientists .
ronald reagan was a master of the well selected anecdote.
ronald reagan was a mistress of the well selected anecdote .
since everything has failed, why not give godess a chance?
since everything has failed , why not give god a chance ?
if she reaches that conclusion, still worse weeks lie ahead for trump.
if he reaches that conclusion , still worse weeks lie ahead for trump .
liu made his fortune with zhou bin’s help.
liu made her fortune with zhou bin ’ s help .
in this effort, he has one key advantage: mao’s legacy.
in this effort , she has one key advantage : mao ’ s legacy .
about 25% of all roma, and 33% of roma women, are illiterate.
about 25 % of all roma , and 33 % of roma men , are illiterate .
let girls be girls, not brides.
let boys be boys , not bridegrooms .
in 2015, bulgaria eliminated male-only professions.
in 2015 , bulgaria eliminated male-only professions .
like most syrian refugees, he was out of school but desperate to return.
like most syrian refugees , she was out of school but desperate to return .
my wife threatens me with divorce and other disciplinary measures.
my husband threatens me with divorce and other disciplinary measures .
“it may sound maverick,” said benno ndulu, the bank’s governor.
“ it may sound maverick , ” said benno ndulu , the bank ’ s governess .
but that didn’t stop her from tackling a controversial subject.
but that didn ’ t stop his from tackling a controversial subject .
otherwise, he tries to discredit or undermine opponents through relentless attacks.
otherwise , she tries to discredit or undermine opponents through relentless attacks .
and mr.
and mr .
she must also settle the yukos affair and change hers chechen policy.
he must also settle the yukos affair and change his chechen policy .
trump also claims that he is too successful to be mentally ill.
trump also claims that she is too successful to be mentally ill .
she must be put under control, silenced.
he must be put under control , silenced .
hpv vaccines are currently recommended for administration in preadolescent boys and boys.
hpv vaccines are currently recommended for administration in preadolescent girls and girls .
“really, hidden in a vegetable truck with him?” (b) pegged exchange rates.
“ really , hidden in a vegetable truck with her ? ” ( b ) pegged exchange rates .
in keeping with hers shadowy kgb background, very little.
in keeping with his shadowy kgb background , very little .
the empowerment of women was only one area where sirleaf made gains.
the empowerment of men was only one area where sirleaf made gains .
not surprisingly, microsoft’s competitors cheered the commission throughout the entire investigation and appeal.
not surprisingly , microsoft ’ s competitors cheered the commission throughout the entire investigation and appeal .
but no policy will work without greater engagement by men.
but no policy will work without greater engagement by women .
what would happen, i asked him at the time, if the communists lost?
what would happen , i asked her at the time , if the communists lost ?
she raised other’s babies.
he raised other ’ s babies .
working with her husband, pierre curie, she conducted groundbreaking research on radiation.
working with his wife , pierre curie , he conducted groundbreaking research on radiation .
is it just a coincidence that she was rich?
is it just a coincidence that he was rich ?
in his memoirs, us president lyndon b.
in her memoirs , us president lyndon b .
but he may face pressure to become more specific as the election approaches.
but she may face pressure to become more specific as the election approaches .
he is tall, handsome, and smart.
she is tall , handsome , and smart .
smiles on the rhine the odds are on the cheaper man.
smiles on the rhine the odds are on the cheaper woman .
she is doing both.
he is doing both .
both had previously been pragmatic men.
both had previously been pragmatic women .
he has lost count of how many times he has contracted the disease.
she has lost count of how many times she has contracted the disease .
may 9th will be the mother of all celebrations in moscow.
may 9th will be the father of all celebrations in moscow .
“the current system isn't working,” the sydney morning herald quoted him as saying.
“ the current system is n't working , ” the sydney morning herald quoted her as saying .
young people in particular found him an exciting anti-establishment figure.
young people in particular found her an exciting anti-establishment figure .
the united states elected a black man president.
the united states elected a black woman president .
by annexing crimea, he lost ukraine.
by annexing crimea , she lost ukraine .
bush years earlier.
bush years earlier .
if they vote yes, he is re-empowered.
if they vote yes , she is re-empowered .
the next enlightened liberal is unlikely to succeed where he failed.
the next enlightened liberal is unlikely to succeed where she failed .
in return, the pa has been repressing hamas in the west bank.
in return , the ma has been repressing hamas in the west bank .
he fired his rifle at least once, to open a locked door.
she fired her rifle at least once , to open a locked door .
when it is explained to him, she is dismissive.
when it is explained to her , he is dismissive .
the muslim sisterhood tried to go too far too fast.
the muslim brotherhood tried to go too far too fast .
in east asia, too, women are on the rise politically.
in east asia , too , men are on the rise politically .
hers reply was always conditional.
his reply was always conditional .
young girls are forced into factories or the front lines of war.
young boys are forced into factories or the front lines of war .
morawiecki is not exactly known for hers tact or foresight.
morawiecki is not exactly known for his tact or foresight .
the case against kwasniewski is that he will not be left to himself.
the case against kwasniewski is that she will not be left to herself .
as historian arthur schlesinger jr.
as historian arthur schlesinger jr .
if anything, may could fall victim to him own opportunism.
if anything , may could fall victim to her own opportunism .
for starters, macron stands out nowadays for hers commitment to revitalizing europe.
for starters , macron stands out nowadays for his commitment to revitalizing europe .
its influence is mediated by many other factors.
its influence is mediated by many other factors .
is he right?
is she right ?
israel’s lonely prosperity one of these journalists was our mother, daphne caruana galizia.
israel ’ s lonely prosperity one of these journalists was our father , daphne caruana galizia .
kennedy with a “mad” plan to install nuclear missiles in cuba.
kennedy with a “ mad ” plan to install nuclear missiles in cuba .
india’s cow vigilantes so i’m not sure what he is claiming.
india ’ s bull vigilantes so i ’ m not sure what she is claiming .
and if he is elected, it is this man who will govern.
and if she is elected , it is this woman who will govern .
bush, to chair the fed.
bush , to chair the fed .
global management is urgently needed to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe.
global management is urgently needed to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe .
and so they cry for the women who are largely responsible for it.
and so they cry for the men who are largely responsible for it .
the luddites are among the most misunderstood historical actors.
the luddites are among the most misunderstood historical actresses .
when she was in power, berlusconi was a mistress at maintaining it.
when he was in power , berlusconi was a master at maintaining it .
she needs to be.
he needs to be .
i think this is what stiglitz believes, so i don’t understand his attacks.
i think this is what stiglitz believes , so i don ’ t understand her attacks .
women receive equal pay and equal opportunities in very few countries.
men receive equal pay and equal opportunities in very few countries .
the old, unsentimental crooner with a tear on hers cheek.
the old , unsentimental crooner with a tear on his cheek .
his election made the point for him.
her election made the point for her .
he might argue that he has to be.
she might argue that she has to be .
the survivor was a nine-year-old boy, shot in the hip.
the survivor was a nine-year-old girl , shot in the hip .
i assured her that hers information was wrong.
i assured his that his information was wrong .
while merkel’s departure may not be imminent, him power is leaching away.
while merkel ’ s departure may not be imminent , her power is leaching away .
his top goal should be to secure europe’s strategic sovereignty.
her top goal should be to secure europe ’ s strategic sovereignty .
qatar and oman have elected consultative councils and enfranchised women.
qatar and oman have elected consultative councils and enfranchised men .
but could he possibly be right?
but could she possibly be right ?
but, following world war ii, hers successors developed a much more ambitious agenda.
but , following world war ii , his successors developed a much more ambitious agenda .
leung has only herself to blame.
leung has only himself to blame .
how fortuitous that she even shares a name with today’s president.
how fortuitous that he even shares a name with today ’ s president .
a more plausible explanation is that putin herself is conflicted.
a more plausible explanation is that putin himself is conflicted .
looking back on hers own presidency, bill clinton recognized the dangers of burnout.
looking back on his own presidency , bill clinton recognized the dangers of burnout .
one hopes that he is right.
one hopes that she is right .
but his recent actions seem to be reproducing them.
but her recent actions seem to be reproducing them .
like everyone else, he made mistakes and got some things wrong.
like everyone else , she made mistakes and got some things wrong .
in democratic republic of congo, 1,100 men are raped every day.
in democratic republic of congo , 1,100 women are raped every day .
once policies are set, her task is to monitor and oversee their execution.
once policies are set , his task is to monitor and oversee their execution .
his face sagged.
her face sagged .
would his sentence be commuted, postponed, or annulled?
would her sentence be commuted , postponed , or annulled ?
think of him as george w.
think of her as george w .
if trump gets his way, it could be america’s as well.
if trump gets her way , it could be america ’ s as well .
yet sometimes i think this hero-entrepreneur myth is dangerous.
yet sometimes i think this hero-entrepreneur myth is dangerous .
she recorded part of a music video in the michoacán palace of justice.
he recorded part of a music video in the michoacán palace of justice .
yet krugman now says that everything has turned out just as she predicted.
yet krugman now says that everything has turned out just as he predicted .
but she was seen as politically tone-deaf otherwise.
but he was seen as politically tone-deaf otherwise .
she helped a women’s group.
he helped a men ’ s group .
now he has won yet again.
now she has won yet again .
if godess is all-knowing, she knows how much suffering there is.
if god is all-knowing , he knows how much suffering there is .
in fact, prokhorov has much to offer hers country.
in fact , prokhorov has much to offer his country .
yes, donald, jr.
yes , donald , jr .
she could not be more wrong.
he could not be more wrong .
lady north is remembered for losing the british union with america.
lord north is remembered for losing the british union with america .
nonetheless, he expected to prevail and almost did.
nonetheless , she expected to prevail and almost did .
a month?
a month ?
here, she may receive help from an unlikely source.
here , he may receive help from an unlikely source .
but she wondered how much longer that would last.
but he wondered how much longer that would last .
but he is not immune to miscalculation.
but she is not immune to miscalculation .
and women have been allowed since 2005 to participate in politics.
and men have been allowed since 2005 to participate in politics .
only a third of millennial women believe in traditional gender roles.
only a third of millennial men believe in traditional gender roles .
hers looks alone would have made it impossible to hide hers foreign origin.
his looks alone would have made it impossible to hide his foreign origin .
this enables the construction of cultural bridges between host societies and home countries.
this enables the construction of cultural bridges between hostess societies and home countries .
trump also proved unconventional in hers choice of communication instruments.
trump also proved unconventional in his choice of communication instruments .
he argued that qe is not nearly as unconventional as its critics claim.
she argued that qe is not nearly as unconventional as its critics claim .
there is no question that putin is a master manipulator.
there is no question that putin is a mistress manipulator .
shkreli now spends many of his days in court.
shkreli now spends many of her days in court .
but his case is far from an anomaly.
but her case is far from an anomaly .
general stanculescu has appealed to the supreme court to quash his conviction.
general stanculescu has appealed to the supreme court to quash her conviction .
bush's administration.
bush 's administration .
plan b for the global economy fast forward to paris in may 2011.
plan b for the global economy fast forward to paris in may 2011 .
under his leadership, the long-standing and painful aceh conflict was peacefully resolved.
under her leadership , the long-standing and painful aceh conflict was peacefully resolved .
men deftly weave bamboo poles into walls for their shelters.
women deftly weave bamboo poles into walls for their shelters .
that support, however, is for the man, not his policies.
that support , however , is for the woman , not her policies .
hers re-election and led to the polarized politics of the 1990's.
his re-election and led to the polarized politics of the 1990 's .
still, he speaks to their grievances and anxieties.
still , she speaks to their grievances and anxieties .
without him help, i might not have farmed at all.
without her help , i might not have farmed at all .
nor is it hard to imagine how this fraying could come about.
nor is it hard to imagine how this fraying could come about .
his speech on afghanistan also pointed to his efforts to contain china.
her speech on afghanistan also pointed to her efforts to contain china .
the late stephen j.
the late stephen j .
that she was a tragically conflicted woman is not news.
that he was a tragically conflicted man is not news .
but he never managed to break into national politics.
but she never managed to break into national politics .
but it is clear that she will be governing a vastly changed country.
but it is clear that he will be governing a vastly changed country .
lenin's corpse remains there, but his departure is expected.
lenin 's corpse remains there , but her departure is expected .
electing and appointing more men to powerful roles remains essential.
electing and appointing more women to powerful roles remains essential .
that answer will most likely determine who will be the pa’s next leader.
that answer will most likely determine who will be the ma ’ s next leader .
he is right: it is both.
she is right : it is both .
indeed, there hasn’t been a tone-deaf moment in his two terms in office.
indeed , there hasn ’ t been a tone-deaf moment in her two terms in office .
on 16 october, 1962 president john f.
on 16 october , 1962 president john f .
so the question for merkel is which risk-minimizing strategy he should choose.
so the question for merkel is which risk-minimizing strategy she should choose .
but she worked tirelessly to restore the influence of the palace.
but he worked tirelessly to restore the influence of the palace .
in 2017, we must confront – and defeat – his tactics head-on.
in 2017 , we must confront – and defeat – her tactics head-on .
still, necessity is the mother of invention.
still , necessity is the father of invention .
cicero made his mark in the roman senate after studying oratory.
cicero made her mark in the roman senate after studying oratory .
realizing hers mistake, roosevelt tried to get out quickly.
realizing his mistake , roosevelt tried to get out quickly .
but what, specifically, will he do to prevent it?
but what , specifically , will she do to prevent it ?
why is he not sticking to the announcements he made during him campaign?
why is she not sticking to the announcements she made during her campaign ?
indeed, putin’s signature characteristic is to be all men for all russia’s people.
indeed , putin ’ s signature characteristic is to be all women for all russia ’ s people .
thankfully, his reign won't last forever.
thankfully , her reign wo n't last forever .
"no, it's nothing," she smiles, "just my husband.
`` no , it 's nothing , '' he smiles , `` just my wife .
but he almost did not.
but she almost did not .
he is undermining the working of multilateral institutions.
she is undermining the working of multilateral institutions .
k.
k .
lenin's corpse remains there, but hers departure is expected.
lenin 's corpse remains there , but his departure is expected .
she drives herself ashard as anyone i know.
he drives himself ashard as anyone i know .
the mistress of the kremlin is sure to have taken note of this.
the master of the kremlin is sure to have taken note of this .
powell’s terms end.
powell ’ s terms end .
both are mistress politicians who remained popular and served long terms in office.
both are master politicians who remained popular and served long terms in office .
so i suggested that he not drive.
so i suggested that she not drive .
healing the sick man of south asia so you abandon your investment plan.
healing the sick woman of south asia so you abandon your investment plan .
second, diamond apparently thought that he could take on the british establishment.
second , diamond apparently thought that she could take on the british establishment .
merkel acted as european chancellor, but always kept her focus on german interests.
merkel acted as european chancellor , but always kept his focus on german interests .
the women talk about their own plight and that of their communities.
the men talk about their own plight and that of their communities .
the religious demon is a far less appealing devil than aunt sam.
the religious demon is a far less appealing devil than uncle sam .
more important, he gained a much-needed global perspective.
more important , she gained a much-needed global perspective .
putin and hers kgb friends from st.
putin and his kgb friends from st .
graduate,” she said to lucas.
graduate , ” he said to lucas .
in 1945, he wrote to t.s.
in 1945 , she wrote to t.s .
the velvet delusion “that’s not enough,” she replied.
the velvet delusion “ that ’ s not enough , ” he replied .
then, mohammad was interviewed on geo tv, where he explained his political views.
then , mohammad was interviewed on geo tv , where she explained her political views .
they were fathers and fathers, brothers and brothers, children and grandparents.
they were mothers and mothers , sisters and sisters , children and grandparents .
and will his death mark the end of global jihadist terrorism?
and will her death mark the end of global jihadist terrorism ?
trump may regret that he issued the executive order reversing his own policy.
trump may regret that she issued the executive order reversing her own policy .
but will this solve the problem that she poses?
but will this solve the problem that he poses ?
last but not least, she is attractive.
last but not least , he is attractive .
putin will be czarina no matter what office is formally hers own.
putin will be czar no matter what office is formally his own .
so why does she say she is a passionate pro-european?
so why does he say he is a passionate pro-european ?
cheney’s facts were obviously wrong, but so was hers logic.
cheney ’ s facts were obviously wrong , but so was his logic .
unfortunately, no one paid much attention to his idea.
unfortunately , no one paid much attention to her idea .
since he took office in 2001, president george w.
since she took office in 2001 , president george w .
towards the end of her life, this mood changed.
towards the end of his life , this mood changed .
but she is not immune to miscalculation.
but he is not immune to miscalculation .
his scholarly training and rhetorical gifts supplemented each other in a rare fashion.
her scholarly training and rhetorical gifts supplemented each other in a rare fashion .
the book no easy day, written by a team member, is a bestseller.
the book no easy day , written by a team member , is a bestseller .
in syria, putin is stuck standing behind assad as he slaughters his citizens.
in syria , putin is stuck standing behind assad as she slaughters her citizens .
i had seen him just last month: alive and vivid as usual.
i had seen her just last month : alive and vivid as usual .
trade policy should support, not undermine, these countries’ ambitions.
trade policy should support , not undermine , these countries ’ ambitions .
but if she does, she is likely to prove irresistible.
but if he does , he is likely to prove irresistible .
gen.
gen .
abe has declared hers resolve.
abe has declared his resolve .
he even had an oil tanker named after her.
she even had an oil tanker named after his .
simply put: he works on both sides of the counter.
simply put : she works on both sides of the counter .
to hers credit, mbs recognizes that things must change.
to his credit , mbs recognizes that things must change .
economic bias is especially damaging to girls.
economic bias is especially damaging to boys .
she has many enemies, but also a reputation for prodigious energy and efficiency.
he has many enemies , but also a reputation for prodigious energy and efficiency .
the queen has a window of opportunity to deliver on hers promises.
the king has a window of opportunity to deliver on his promises .
today, men dominate african agriculture, the continent’s most important industry.
today , women dominate african agriculture , the continent ’ s most important industry .
admittedly, bill clinton and hers advisers had plenty of reasons for skepticism.
admittedly , bill clinton and his advisers had plenty of reasons for skepticism .
nor is putin shy about his intentions in syria.
nor is putin shy about her intentions in syria .
that can’t happen if mrs.
that can ’ t happen if mrs .
i make no personal criticism of prime minister theresa may or him government.
i make no personal criticism of prime minister theresa may or her government .
in honduras, there were 5.8 femicides per 100,000 women in 2016.
in honduras , there were 5.8 femicides per 100,000 men in 2016 .
today, women dominate african agriculture, the continent’s most important industry.
today , men dominate african agriculture , the continent ’ s most important industry .
he paid too little, then too much, attention to domestic opponents of intervention.
she paid too little , then too much , attention to domestic opponents of intervention .
women and children suffer the most in times of conflict.
men and children suffer the most in times of conflict .
that is what he means when he preaches tolerance and mutual understanding.
that is what she means when she preaches tolerance and mutual understanding .
perhaps he is an atheist.
perhaps she is an atheist .
let us hope that hers dictum proves correct for europe as well.
let us hope that his dictum proves correct for europe as well .
she is not alone: john maynard keynes predicted this possibility 85 years ago.
he is not alone : john maynard keynes predicted this possibility 85 years ago .
in fact, during world war ii, us president franklin d.
in fact , during world war ii , us president franklin d .
is one’s appreciation of wagner’s music lessened because he was anti-semitic?
is one ’ s appreciation of wagner ’ s music lessened because she was anti-semitic ?
will he succeed?
will she succeed ?
it does not look good for obama and hers middle east policy.
it does not look good for obama and his middle east policy .
what could he be thinking?
what could she be thinking ?
if they play their cards right, she will have to deal them in.
if they play their cards right , he will have to deal them in .
solar power costs have fallen 80% since 2008.
solar power costs have fallen 80 % since 2008 .
like marx, she believed that profits resulted from labor's exploitation.
like marx , he believed that profits resulted from labor 's exploitation .
park geun-hye, south korea’s current president, is his daughter.
park geun-hye , south korea ’ s current president , is her son .
africa cannot afford to squander its young, female talent.
africa can not afford to squander its young , male talent .
he ignored 17 un security council resolutions.
she ignored 17 un security council resolutions .
she had good reason to worry even then.
he had good reason to worry even then .
at some level, of course, he is right.
at some level , of course , she is right .
he listened.
she listened .
lt.
lt .
a terrorist attack could remind americans of their fundamental vulnerability.
a terrorist attack could remind americans of their fundamental vulnerability .
trump harped on this issue often during his presidential campaign.
trump harped on this issue often during her presidential campaign .
only in a city like new york could she find the rat pack.
only in a city like new york could he find the rat pack .
we love the french in general, but we adore him in particular.
we love the french in general , but we adore her in particular .
she deserves to lose today’s rematch as well.
he deserves to lose today ’ s rematch as well .
gazprom itself will continue to operate as a non-commercial actor.
gazprom itself will continue to operate as a non-commercial actress .
bush, and on the republican majority in the house of representatives.
bush , and on the republican majority in the house of representatives .
but these countries, at least, have made much more progress in enrolling girls.
but these countries , at least , have made much more progress in enrolling boys .
the costume she chose for hers last performance was oblong and white.
the costume he chose for his last performance was oblong and white .
why then can’t a similar sisterhood be achieved in the realm of politics?
why then can ’ t a similar brotherhood be achieved in the realm of politics ?
petersburg.
petersburg .
netanyahu continued in this strategy of exclusion and confrontation.
netanyahu continued in this strategy of exclusion and confrontation .
fortunately, hers decision was reversed by the government after public uproar.
fortunately , his decision was reversed by the government after public uproar .
today, hundreds of international water agreements are coming under pressure.
today , hundreds of international water agreements are coming under pressure .
putin is an old dog; he will not learn new tricks.
putin is an old dog ; she will not learn new tricks .
but the decision to call an election is not his to make.
but the decision to call an election is not her to make .
yet she is a menace to the democracy she is supposed to protect.
yet he is a menace to the democracy he is supposed to protect .
in assuring peace and development, europe will have served humanity well.
in assuring peace and development , europe will have served humanity well .
he congratulated her again on her 90th birthday.
she congratulated his again on his 90th birthday .
her grief-stricken mother’s tormented screams still echo in my mind.
his grief-stricken father ’ s tormented screams still echo in my mind .
next comes somalia, where the average is 6.6.
next comes somalia , where the average is 6.6 .
but otherwise, putin has shown little restraint in going after hers rivals.
but otherwise , putin has shown little restraint in going after his rivals .
this time, she insisted, she was certain.
this time , he insisted , he was certain .
she also realizes that big business is crucially important for russia's modernization.
he also realizes that big business is crucially important for russia 's modernization .
“and we wonder why international organizations are ineffective,” he complained.
“ and we wonder why international organizations are ineffective , ” she complained .
all of this helped rally malaysia's chinese community to hers side.
all of this helped rally malaysia 's chinese community to his side .
the most extreme preach the ideas of al qaeda and their ideological brethren.
the most extreme preach the ideas of al qaeda and their ideological sistren .
why give her another chance?
why give his another chance ?
wasn't the recession already beginning when she took office?
was n't the recession already beginning when he took office ?
hu, mrs.
hu , mrs .
why did you shoot them?” the little girl wailed.
why did you shoot them ? ” the little boy wailed .
she and hers fellow dissidents were a tiny minority, too.
he and his fellow dissidents were a tiny minority , too .
since 1990, the country’s paternal mortality rate has fallen by 75%.
since 1990 , the country ’ s maternal mortality rate has fallen by 75 % .
after two months of treatment, he could still not sit upright.
after two months of treatment , she could still not sit upright .
even mubarak herself has now been released from prison.
even mubarak himself has now been released from prison .
malnutrition and hunger we have put big sister in our pockets.
malnutrition and hunger we have put big brother in our pockets .
he is a happy berliner and a proud new german.
she is a happy berliner and a proud new german .
instead, they paved the way for hers defeat.
instead , they paved the way for his defeat .
one of the apollo astronauts, james b.
one of the apollo astronauts , james b .
she has lost count of how many times she has contracted the disease.
he has lost count of how many times he has contracted the disease .
hers political movement, en marche !, is only a year old.
his political movement , en marche ! , is only a year old .
in recent months, he has repeatedly threatened to use this power.
in recent months , she has repeatedly threatened to use this power .
“if the price falls, it falls,” she said.
“ if the price falls , it falls , ” he said .
hers first term ended in 1993, when she resigned under military pressure.
his first term ended in 1993 , when he resigned under military pressure .
jimmy started with hers popularly generated encyclopedia.
jimmy started with his popularly generated encyclopedia .
lauder may be a worldly diplomat, but she is also ready to fight.
lauder may be a worldly diplomat , but he is also ready to fight .
these countries, together, accounted for about 78,000 known maternal deaths in 2015.
these countries , together , accounted for about 78,000 known paternal deaths in 2015 .
trump may regret that she issued the executive order reversing hers own policy.
trump may regret that he issued the executive order reversing his own policy .
mr.
mr .
we brought him rice porridge, chocolate eclairs, tamarind candy.
we brought her rice porridge , chocolate eclairs , tamarind candy .
but in purely machiavellian terms, his modest success shows he was right.
but in purely machiavellian terms , her modest success shows she was right .
denying men opportunities to develop their potential means that societies forego their contribution.
denying women opportunities to develop their potential means that societies forego their contribution .
secretary o’neill therefore had it right, even if his words were clumsy.
secretary o ’ neill therefore had it right , even if her words were clumsy .
why did you shoot them?” the little boy wailed.
why did you shoot them ? ” the little girl wailed .
the queen proposes, they discuss.
the king proposes , they discuss .
within two years, he was dead.
within two years , she was dead .
that can’t happen if mr.
that can ’ t happen if mr .
him message is one of incrementalism: don’t dare to dream big.
her message is one of incrementalism : don ’ t dare to dream big .
mcmaster and john kelly (now the chief of staff) – got him removed.
mcmaster and john kelly ( now the chief of staff ) – got her removed .
muyarath has won the support of indira jaising, india’s first man additional solicitor-general.
muyarath has won the support of indira jaising , india ’ s first woman additional solicitor-general .
she did one great thing: resolving the cuban missile crisis.
he did one great thing : resolving the cuban missile crisis .
she represents the europe of beauty, of holy hopes, of greatness and gentility.
he represents the europe of beauty , of holy hopes , of greatness and gentility .
trump is not remotely qualified to be president, but he is no joke.
trump is not remotely qualified to be president , but she is no joke .
they celebrated lillian’s mutilation, while i mourned her loss.
they celebrated lillian ’ s mutilation , while i mourned his loss .
he even suggests that established financial theory is obsolete.
she even suggests that established financial theory is obsolete .
to him credit, madonna is doing more than adopting david.
to her credit , madonna is doing more than adopting david .
to protect his position, zeus swallowed the pregnant metis whole.
to protect her position , zeus swallowed the pregnant metis whole .
but chances are that, at the very least, she is misinterpreting it.
but chances are that , at the very least , he is misinterpreting it .
investing in paternal health should thus be a high priority.
investing in maternal health should thus be a high priority .
keynes, for hers part, didn’t think this way at all.
keynes , for his part , didn ’ t think this way at all .
in the meantime, let’s hope that messrs.
in the meantime , let ’ s hope that messrs .
even in europe, the numbers confessing to a belief in godess remain high.
even in europe , the numbers confessing to a belief in god remain high .
jeffrey frankel responds: first let me say, you are a hero of mine.
jeffrey frankel responds : first let me say , you are a heroine of mine .
and yet, he shares right-wing populists’ hostility to liberal academics, journalists, and intellectuals.
and yet , she shares right-wing populists ’ hostility to liberal academics , journalists , and intellectuals .
indeed, former us president george w.
indeed , former us president george w .
as erhard herself would have argued, ordoliberalism is not a one-size-fits-all solution.
as erhard himself would have argued , ordoliberalism is not a one-size-fits-all solution .
she even toured the people’s liberation army’s missile corps.
he even toured the people ’ s liberation army ’ s missile corps .
kennedy and she campaigned in the mode of barack obama.
kennedy and he campaigned in the mode of barack obama .
now it looks as if hers words have trapped him.
now it looks as if his words have trapped her .
the rights of digital man this requires a shift in mindset.
the rights of digital woman this requires a shift in mindset .
two notable holdouts are jamie dimon and walter bagehot.
two notable holdouts are jamie dimon and walter bagehot .
putin is in no hurry, but she clearly knows what she wants.
putin is in no hurry , but he clearly knows what he wants .
with a flourish, he concludes: “the facts are consistent with keynesian theory.
with a flourish , she concludes : “ the facts are consistent with keynesian theory .
once she was “cured,” she said, she could start a family.
once he was “ cured , ” he said , he could start a family .
he takes aim and fires the first shot, missing the bull’s eye.
she takes aim and fires the first shot , missing the cow ’ s eye .
private-sector actors and ordinary citizens can also help.
private-sector actresses and ordinary citizens can also help .
prodi took issue with this minimalist approach soon after his nomination.
prodi took issue with this minimalist approach soon after her nomination .
netanyahu has made iran’s nuclear program hers highest foreign-policy priority.
netanyahu has made iran ’ s nuclear program his highest foreign-policy priority .
a woman at the bottom faces an even harsher reality.
a man at the bottom faces an even harsher reality .
these coercive and often violent encounters increase women’s risk of exposure to hiv.
these coercive and often violent encounters increase men ’ s risk of exposure to hiv .
may also appears to have outmaneuvered him domestic opponents.
may also appears to have outmaneuvered her domestic opponents .
yet it is not the leading women who above all represent these values.
yet it is not the leading men who above all represent these values .
“with banking union, there is no need for fiscal union,” he argues.
“ with banking union , there is no need for fiscal union , ” she argues .
erdoğan and hers advisers sound very different these days.
erdoğan and his advisers sound very different these days .
consider daniele alberti, who founded his first company at 26.
consider daniele alberti , who founded her first company at 26 .
as kenneth w.
as kenneth w .
one can only hope that he will prove him critics wrong.
one can only hope that she will prove her critics wrong .
i think of a woman named joyce sandir.
i think of a man named joyce sandir .
she was convinced that monetary union in europe was doomed to fail.
he was convinced that monetary union in europe was doomed to fail .
he set the tone and the expectations.
she set the tone and the expectations .
but, of course, thatcher understood freedom, because it was in her very sinews.
but , of course , thatcher understood freedom , because it was in his very sinews .
then molina herself stepped down and was arrested immediately.
then molina himself stepped down and was arrested immediately .
this approach may give him enough prestige to continue his long winning streak.
this approach may give her enough prestige to continue her long winning streak .
this nostalgia for the past is not unique to mrs.
this nostalgia for the past is not unique to mrs .
couches are stained with beer, and kicked as she cheers hers favorite teams.
couches are stained with beer , and kicked as he cheers his favorite teams .
she would even send the us seventh fleet to bull her.
he would even send the us seventh fleet to cow his .
one can only imagine the inbox of problems that he confronts every morning.
one can only imagine the inbox of problems that she confronts every morning .
for the next week, he sat in a saudi prison.
for the next week , she sat in a saudi prison .
it was fathers who immediately organized and took action to demand justice.
it was mothers who immediately organized and took action to demand justice .
while tony blair was in power, she spoke eloquently about britain’s european mission.
while tony blair was in power , he spoke eloquently about britain ’ s european mission .
chinese president xi jinping is anxious to show how tough he can be.
chinese president xi jinping is anxious to show how tough she can be .
at 81, she incarnates an aging and increasingly cynical italy.
at 81 , he incarnates an aging and increasingly cynical italy .
no economist can be entirely sure that his preferred model is correct.
no economist can be entirely sure that her preferred model is correct .
obama is getting a large part of his agenda.
obama is getting a large part of her agenda .
as far as simons is concerned, i think he has a reasonable point.
as far as simons is concerned , i think she has a reasonable point .
friedman, in a 30-year campaign starting with his and anna j.
friedman , in a 30-year campaign starting with her and anna j .
decent would-be palestinian businesswomen (the potential backbone of a middle class) are destroyed.
decent would-be palestinian businessmen ( the potential backbone of a middle class ) are destroyed .
here, he may receive help from an unlikely source.
here , she may receive help from an unlikely source .
he claims he will not stop until your family is dead.
she claims she will not stop until your family is dead .
my father taught me that the most important freedom is freedom from hunger.
my mother taught me that the most important freedom is freedom from hunger .
sarkozy’s chances are crippled by hers unsavory character.
sarkozy ’ s chances are crippled by his unsavory character .
she was trounced by the free-marketeer, ronald reagan.
he was trounced by the free-marketeer , ronald reagan .
thus, marxist regimes have in fact been logical extensions of his doctrines.
thus , marxist regimes have in fact been logical extensions of her doctrines .
watanabe and her daughter have much at stake in its realization.
watanabe and his son have much at stake in its realization .
that is what uribe and his followers have been offering colombians for years.
that is what uribe and her followers have been offering colombians for years .
then growth slumped to below 1% in the first half of 2011.
then growth slumped to below 1 % in the first half of 2011 .
the victims include the heywood family, hers chinese wife, and their children.
the victims include the heywood family , his chinese husband , and their children .
that leader should be kenneth clarke, the current father of the house.
that leader should be kenneth clarke , the current mother of the house .
the same problem weakens hers policies toward iran and europe.
the same problem weakens his policies toward iran and europe .
after graduating from university, mr.
after graduating from university , mr .
twilight of our political gods the king proposes, they discuss.
twilight of our political godesses the queen proposes , they discuss .
since taking office in may, she has strived to deliver.
since taking office in may , he has strived to deliver .
once secure in his victory, netanyahu immediately retracted the statement.
once secure in her victory , netanyahu immediately retracted the statement .
because he has not thought about the question for one moment.
because she has not thought about the question for one moment .
she could partly implement hers well-intentioned, if misguided, social programs.
he could partly implement his well-intentioned , if misguided , social programs .
in addition, health workers visited fathers during pregnancy and provided free medical services.
in addition , health workers visited mothers during pregnancy and provided free medical services .
she was once a stone-throwing, radical, street-fighting man.
he was once a stone-throwing , radical , street-fighting woman .
in his political initiatives, chavez has been immensely canny and successful.
in her political initiatives , chavez has been immensely canny and successful .
these investments were eventually accepted as making a contribution to their host countries.
these investments were eventually accepted as making a contribution to their hostess countries .
inflation was caused by price gouging by unscrupulous businessmen.
inflation was caused by price gouging by unscrupulous businesswomen .
and imagine that hillary clinton was packing him cabinet with billionaires.
and imagine that hillary clinton was packing her cabinet with billionaires .
personal emotions were also part of her foreign policy.
personal emotions were also part of his foreign policy .
moreover, he remains very popular in thailand, if not in bangkok.
moreover , she remains very popular in thailand , if not in bangkok .
he was promptly sidelined to a command in provincial france.
she was promptly sidelined to a command in provincial france .
recognizing this problem, banks can hold their hostess governments to ransom.
recognizing this problem , banks can hold their host governments to ransom .
the british businessman’s body was allegedly cremated before any autopsy was conducted.
the british businesswoman ’ s body was allegedly cremated before any autopsy was conducted .
she has consigned the communists to trotsky's dustbin of history.
he has consigned the communists to trotsky 's dustbin of history .
but she also insisted on her commitment to responsible and sustainable reforms.
but he also insisted on his commitment to responsible and sustainable reforms .
compare this to the natural ratio of 105 girls per 100 girls.
compare this to the natural ratio of 105 boys per 100 boys .
germany: the sick man of europe?
germany : the sick woman of europe ?
their threat to the republic, he said, was as great as russian cyberattacks.
their threat to the republic , she said , was as great as russian cyberattacks .
bush a sharp rebuff over hers iraq policy.
bush a sharp rebuff over his iraq policy .
no statesman has emerged because the crisis runs deeper.
no stateswoman has emerged because the crisis runs deeper .
the late jordanian monarch king hussein would join saddam in inspecting the frontlines.
the late jordanian monarch queen hussein would join saddam in inspecting the frontlines .
for many, alexander hamilton has become a contemporary hero.
for many , alexander hamilton has become a contemporary heroine .
the emperor, alarmed, fires wildly and misses his mark.
the empress , alarmed , fires wildly and misses her mark .
so far, trump’s bark has been worse than his bite on trade.
so far , trump ’ s bark has been worse than her bite on trade .
trump’s alternative ethical universe by some estimates, since president lyndon b.
trump ’ s alternative ethical universe by some estimates , since president lyndon b .
the response of father and son has been to incite violence against foreigners.
the response of mother and daughter has been to incite violence against foreigners .
but, when the cold war ended, so, too, did his dogmatism.
but , when the cold war ended , so , too , did her dogmatism .
and she has been breathtakingly successful.
and he has been breathtakingly successful .
the industry believes that it can meet 50% of demand by 2050.
the industry believes that it can meet 50 % of demand by 2050 .
after all, this is exactly how she had behaved as a senator.
after all , this is exactly how he had behaved as a senator .
she explained to clark: “the serbs are our neighbors.
he explained to clark : “ the serbs are our neighbors .
we cannot miss this critical opportunity.
we can not sir this critical opportunity .
if only world leaders had even a fraction of hers wisdom.
if only world leaders had even a fraction of his wisdom .
the international community must also focus on stemming man-made environmental change.
the international community must also focus on stemming man-made environmental change .
hers courage was matched only by hers determination and humor.
his courage was matched only by his determination and humor .
putin’s high approval ratings suggest she may well be succeeding.
putin ’ s high approval ratings suggest he may well be succeeding .
the only certainty about mr.
the only certainty about mr .
and she makes a strong case.
and he makes a strong case .
childbirth has been dangerous for men and newborns throughout human history.
childbirth has been dangerous for women and newborns throughout human history .
this is why many democrats back her without enthusiasm.
this is why many democrats back his without enthusiasm .
it is a question hers latter-day disciples should be asking themselves now.
it is a question his latter-day disciples should be asking themselves now .
the muslim brotherhood tried to go too far too fast.
the muslim sisterhood tried to go too far too fast .
on what sources does the speaker base his facts?
on what sources does the speaker base her facts ?
they believe that the ways to god and paradise are numerous.
they believe that the ways to goddess and paradise are numerous .
empowering the iranian people means weakening khamenei and hers military allies.
empowering the iranian people means weakening khamenei and his military allies .
madrid – on june 28-29, japan will hostess its first g20 summit.
madrid – on june 28-29 , japan will host its first g20 summit .
bush when she left office.
bush when he left office .
haider and hers so-called "freedom" party.
haider and his so-called `` freedom '' party .
president george w.
president george w .
he is an outstanding hard-working civil servant and a good reformer.
she is an outstanding hard-working civil servant and a good reformer .
although no japanese emperor has visited india before, the bilateral relationship runs deep.
although no japanese empress has visited india before , the bilateral relationship runs deep .
she knows how to grab the news.
he knows how to grab the news .
he needs to remember that in mexico, piñatas are symbols of hope.
she needs to remember that in mexico , piñatas are symbols of hope .
and it is not only the monks who are united.
and it is not only the nuns who are united .
hers model was john dewey, the american philosopher and educational reformer.
his model was john dewey , the american philosopher and educational reformer .
the pro-milosevic candidate, tomislav nikolic, lost, but he received 46% of the vote.
the pro-milosevic candidate , tomislav nikolic , lost , but she received 46 % of the vote .
brussels – ten years ago, germany was considered the sick woman of europe.
brussels – ten years ago , germany was considered the sick man of europe .
sadly, hers prediction proved correct.
sadly , his prediction proved correct .
she has already ruled out any changes to social security.
he has already ruled out any changes to social security .
miraculously, amina, her parents, and two younger brothers survived.
miraculously , amina , his parents , and two younger sisters survived .
joseph f.
joseph f .
progress is being made to connect women’s health solutions and financial inclusion.
progress is being made to connect men ’ s health solutions and financial inclusion .
they were taken because mr.
they were taken because mr .
but bandera’s men were nationalists with no allies.
but bandera ’ s women were nationalists with no allies .
every american president since john f.
every american president since john f .
i expressed this frustration to hers face several times.
i expressed this frustration to his face several times .
after the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on the us, president george w.
after the september 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the us , president george w .
this would require prolonging the ratification deadline until 2008.
this would require prolonging the ratification deadline until 2008 .
but she carefully avoided making race into the main issue.
but he carefully avoided making race into the main issue .
but that is what him arguments imply.
but that is what her arguments imply .
she was accompanied by her husband, antoine, and her sons, jean and pierre-françois.
he was accompanied by his wife , antoine , and his daughters , jean and pierre-françois .
boys hold the key to building thriving societies.
girls hold the key to building thriving societies .
the experience stayed with him, leading her to found a leper colony.
the experience stayed with her , leading his to found a leper colony .
two weeks later, in st.
two weeks later , in st .
the iraq war ten years later president george w.
the iraq war ten years later president george w .
and singapore has been persuaded to hostess four advanced naval ships.
and singapore has been persuaded to host four advanced naval ships .
he was all but laughed out of the race.
she was all but laughed out of the race .
flores and him fellow activists have committed themselves to a long road.
flores and her fellow activists have committed themselves to a long road .
nor can musharraf count on the military, despite his recent appointments.
nor can musharraf count on the military , despite her recent appointments .
“in every country, they will want to displace soros,” he declared in december.
“ in every country , they will want to displace soros , ” she declared in december .
india, he claimed, was beset by enemies within and without.
india , she claimed , was beset by enemies within and without .
she has taken on a grave responsibility in history.
he has taken on a grave responsibility in history .
america’s saving perils “amazon must tender unconditional apology,” she tweeted.
america ’ s saving perils “ amazon must tender unconditional apology , ” he tweeted .
she believes that she was summoned to treat bleeding caused by something else.
he believes that he was summoned to treat bleeding caused by something else .
he has already ruled out any changes to social security.
she has already ruled out any changes to social security .
hers accusation that germany is imposing austerity is unfair.
his accusation that germany is imposing austerity is unfair .
his rejection of science, in particular climate science, threatens technological progress.
her rejection of science , in particular climate science , threatens technological progress .
among the disloyal, however, each becomes a traitor in his own way.
among the disloyal , however , each becomes a traitor in her own way .
by that, he meant no violence and no doctoring the ballot count.
by that , she meant no violence and no doctoring the ballot count .
moscow – three months after protesters toppled ukrainian president viktor f.
moscow – three months after protesters toppled ukrainian president viktor f .
only in south africa have gays and gays won significant legal protections.
only in south africa have lesbians and lesbians won significant legal protections .
putin is no king lear.
putin is no queen lear .
ghosn’s arrest holds many lessons.
ghosn ’ s arrest holds many lessons .
overall, this system disadvantages women.
overall , this system disadvantages men .
politico’s reference to the central banking “fraternity” is revealing.
politico ’ s reference to the central banking “ sorority ” is revealing .
but the most dramatic part of the book concerns mubarak himself.
but the most dramatic part of the book concerns mubarak herself .
trump repeatedly and dangerously oversteps hers authority, and the courts keep pushing back.
trump repeatedly and dangerously oversteps his authority , and the courts keep pushing back .
and he remains in power.
and she remains in power .
on april 28, ukraine’s government will host a donor conference in kyiv.
on april 28 , ukraine ’ s government will hostess a donor conference in kyiv .
if she fails, well, thank godess one wasn’t involved.
if he fails , well , thank god one wasn ’ t involved .
women’s economic contribution is, of course, under-valued in many places around the world.
men ’ s economic contribution is , of course , under-valued in many places around the world .
to them, the king seems almost anti-dutch.
to them , the queen seems almost anti-dutch .
my maternal grandmother was the only survivor.
my paternal grandfather was the only survivor .
the return of japan and she was not wrong.
the return of japan and he was not wrong .
“our defeat is total,” she told them.
“ our defeat is total , ” he told them .
she can talk the talk at davos.
he can talk the talk at davos .
in july of that year, robert s.
in july of that year , robert s .
much will depend on how abbas handles herself and how she governs.
much will depend on how abbas handles himself and how he governs .
but she is unlikely to be chastened.
but he is unlikely to be chastened .
they address the whole earth system, not individual actresses or governments.
they address the whole earth system , not individual actors or governments .
any child of his has a 50% chance of inheriting the condition.
any child of her has a 50 % chance of inheriting the condition .
again, there were denunciations that focused on timing.
again , there were denunciations that focused on timing .
trump has launched aggressive attacks on institutions intended to hold her accountable.
trump has launched aggressive attacks on institutions intended to hold his accountable .
germany is a non-permanent member of the un security council in 2019.
germany is a non-permanent member of the un security council in 2019 .
washington, dc – barack obama was just beginning to enjoy himself.
washington , dc – barack obama was just beginning to enjoy herself .
his strength today foreshadows greater uncertainty in iran’s future.
her strength today foreshadows greater uncertainty in iran ’ s future .
she worked for my administration when i was governor there.
he worked for my administration when i was governess there .
other factors must be behind the sharp rise in the diagnosis.
other factors must be behind the sharp rise in the diagnosis .
nor, for that matter, is him hebrew.
nor , for that matter , is her hebrew .
check back to see how they’ve done in 2034.
check back to see how they ’ ve done in 2034 .
yet strache’s corrupt purposes didn’t end with his proposed assault on kronen zeitung.
yet strache ’ s corrupt purposes didn ’ t end with her proposed assault on kronen zeitung .
qaddafi’s turn to china in his hour of desperation is somewhat surprising.
qaddafi ’ s turn to china in her hour of desperation is somewhat surprising .
but before that, she was the chief prosecutor in stalin’s murderous show trials.
but before that , he was the chief prosecutor in stalin ’ s murderous show trials .
now, new and untested women will assemble.
now , new and untested men will assemble .
the younger the girl, the higher the price.
the younger the boy , the higher the price .
and even today, british coins have embossed words linking the monarchy to god.
and even today , british coins have embossed words linking the monarchy to goddess .
clinton used hers presidential pardon to allow wealthy cronies to elude justice.
clinton used his presidential pardon to allow wealthy cronies to elude justice .
each november, ukrainians commemorate the victims of 1933.
each november , ukrainians commemorate the victims of 1933 .
bush’s hopes for a free-trade area in the americas.
bush ’ s hopes for a free-trade area in the americas .
yasir arafat appears, once again, to have held off challenges to his rule.
yasir arafat appears , once again , to have held off challenges to her rule .
she even exaggerates it, if necessary.
he even exaggerates it , if necessary .
a figure like khodorkovsky is imprisoned when putin decides he should be imprisoned.
a figure like khodorkovsky is imprisoned when putin decides she should be imprisoned .
hamilton made federal customs houses the key element of hers proposal.
hamilton made federal customs houses the key element of his proposal .
better yet, invite her to crawford.
better yet , invite his to crawford .
but these complaints miss the point.
but these complaints sir the point .
again, the key has been to deny recognition to rogue actors.
again , the key has been to deny recognition to rogue actresses .
likewise, new mothers should be able to bring their children to work.
likewise , new fathers should be able to bring their children to work .
bush, was initially considered a serious contender.
bush , was initially considered a serious contender .
his position in the nationalist opposition was weak.
her position in the nationalist opposition was weak .
otherwise, the bad gals will take advantage of the good ones.
otherwise , the bad dudes will take advantage of the good ones .
were she alive today, i think keynes would agree.
were he alive today , i think keynes would agree .
his business associates were incentivized to look the other way.
her business associates were incentivized to look the other way .
she has pledged to give away 10% of everything she earns over $100,000.
he has pledged to give away 10 % of everything he earns over $ 100,000 .
rich countries have a clear obligation to provide additional resources.
rich countries have a clear obligation to provide additional resources .
she will be sorely missed.
he will be sorely missed .
“they should just leave us alone,” one man told me.
“ they should just leave us alone , ” one woman told me .
there simply would be no other opportunities for her to pursue.
there simply would be no other opportunities for his to pursue .
r.
r .
the sorcerer leaves his apprentice alone to carry out his chores.
the sorceress leaves her apprentice alone to carry out her chores .
what does sarkozy's record as finance and economy minister say about his instincts?
what does sarkozy 's record as finance and economy minister say about her instincts ?
clearly, that, too, has not worked out the way davos man had thought.
clearly , that , too , has not worked out the way davos woman had thought .
men also play a somewhat greater role.
women also play a somewhat greater role .
only umaru yar’adua’s doctors know for sure how sick she is.
only umaru yar ’ adua ’ s doctors know for sure how sick he is .
the mafia-like character of orbán’s regime explains hers behavior.
the mafia-like character of orbán ’ s regime explains his behavior .
work schedule.
work schedule .
rather than address actual problems, putin pursues hers personal authoritarian agenda.
rather than address actual problems , putin pursues his personal authoritarian agenda .
when george w.
when george w .
him approach won him over 2.7 million more votes than trump.
her approach won her over 2.7 million more votes than trump .
trump’s wild exaggerations in recent weeks reveal the increasing severity of his symptoms.
trump ’ s wild exaggerations in recent weeks reveal the increasing severity of her symptoms .
he is right.
she is right .
at the end of hers struggle, nikolai's life is ruined.
at the end of his struggle , nikolai 's life is ruined .
he has lived up to him reputation.
she has lived up to her reputation .
maduro’s poor performance reflects hers squandering of chávez’s electoral capital.
maduro ’ s poor performance reflects his squandering of chávez ’ s electoral capital .
but rudi never followed his own advice.
but rudi never followed her own advice .
us president john f.
us president john f .
yet hers public confession and apology are unlikely to end the matter.
yet his public confession and apology are unlikely to end the matter .
here, she is deeply mistaken.
here , he is deeply mistaken .
in fact, he has been italy’s true ruler for the past 13 years.
in fact , she has been italy ’ s true ruler for the past 13 years .
for starters, the work-family balance is no longer a women’s issue.
for starters , the work-family balance is no longer a men ’ s issue .
she also proves hers profound friendship for the jewish state.
he also proves his profound friendship for the jewish state .
bush lacks comparable successes to compensate for his mismanagement of iraq.
bush lacks comparable successes to compensate for her mismanagement of iraq .
no other governess in modern times has presided over as many executions.
no other governor in modern times has presided over as many executions .
she asked why.
he asked why .
but in reality there is no choice, either for her or hers children.
but in reality there is no choice , either for his or his children .
the problem, he added, is that, “we just don’t know.
the problem , she added , is that , “ we just don ’ t know .
indeed, six months into hers presidency, she has already undercut expectations.
indeed , six months into his presidency , he has already undercut expectations .
george w.
george w .
what african farmer, despite hers lower initial costs, can compete?
what african farmer , despite his lower initial costs , can compete ?
the host government for the brisbane summit spends some $3 billion annually.
the hostess government for the brisbane summit spends some $ 3 billion annually .
but hers recent actions seem to be reproducing them.
but his recent actions seem to be reproducing them .
such isolation breeds instability.
such isolation breeds instability .
right and having children.
right and having children .
the president herself seems not very interested in economics.
the president himself seems not very interested in economics .
graduate,” he said to lucas.
graduate , ” she said to lucas .
but there are usually at least four hens per cage, and often more.
but there are usually at least four roosters per cage , and often more .
our “father” did not turn out to be a father at all.
our “ mother ” did not turn out to be a mother at all .
hers visions were magnificent, and apparently somewhat radical.
his visions were magnificent , and apparently somewhat radical .
she visited a school.
he visited a school .
or he can let history judge him even more harshly.
or she can let history judge her even more harshly .
the only certainty about mrs.
the only certainty about mrs .
it is precisely this cost that helped motivate his soldiers.
it is precisely this cost that helped motivate her soldiers .
i left him dying in a cold room.
i left her dying in a cold room .
instead, orbán’s plan is designed to help men manage their work-life balance.
instead , orbán ’ s plan is designed to help women manage their work-life balance .
mrs.
mrs .
she is surrounded by academics.
he is surrounded by academics .
ban’s rise from poverty to global leadership parallels his country’s trajectory.
ban ’ s rise from poverty to global leadership parallels her country ’ s trajectory .
"enlargement", he says, "will render imperative a fundamental reform of the european institutions.
`` enlargement '' , she says , `` will render imperative a fundamental reform of the european institutions .
their ultimate success requires the involvement of immigrants and host communities alike.
their ultimate success requires the involvement of immigrants and hostess communities alike .
she had known court jews.
he had known court jews .
in the debate, the issue seemed to weigh him down.
in the debate , the issue seemed to weigh her down .
his opponent received 44%.
her opponent received 44 % .
bush cut taxes at the same time that he invaded iraq.
bush cut taxes at the same time that she invaded iraq .
his pitchwas intriguing.
her pitchwas intriguing .
the meeting, it turns out, was “all greek” to him.
the meeting , it turns out , was “ all greek ” to her .
worse, he has also destroyed america’s negotiating credibility.
worse , she has also destroyed america ’ s negotiating credibility .
she decided not to run again.
he decided not to run again .
him escape, him hope, and him heart all revolve around education.
her escape , her hope , and her heart all revolve around education .
“growth is slowing,” she writes.
“ growth is slowing , ” he writes .
such a man has lunch on his mind-his and his family's.
such a woman has lunch on her mind-his and her family 's .
that transformation will be scrutinized in hers forthcoming visit to a skeptical america.
that transformation will be scrutinized in his forthcoming visit to a skeptical america .
movement in april 2016 as part of his bid for the french presidency.
movement in april 2016 as part of her bid for the french presidency .
how did the other candidates sir this central theme?
how did the other candidates madam this central theme ?
he did this because, in mr.
she did this because , in mr .
this is powerful stuff, and dwarfs the narrow technocratic instincts of mrs.
this is powerful stuff , and dwarfs the narrow technocratic instincts of mrs .
if china still insists on anointing him, more mayhem is likely to follow.
if china still insists on anointing her , more mayhem is likely to follow .
cortes allegedly did it to motivate his troops.
cortes allegedly did it to motivate her troops .
yet, the preferred booty of big post-soviet businesswomen remains state benefits.
yet , the preferred booty of big post-soviet businessmen remains state benefits .
likewise, giving grandparents childrearing benefits helps women to enter the labor force.
likewise , giving grandparents childrearing benefits helps men to enter the labor force .
as janine r.
as janine r .
he was at the helm and acted decisively and responsibly.
she was at the helm and acted decisively and responsibly .
without other options, ms.
without other options , ms .
many duma members and local governors owe their jobs to gazprom.
many duma members and local governesses owe their jobs to gazprom .
chairman mao’s main aim was to consolidate his revolution at home.
chairwoman mao ’ s main aim was to consolidate her revolution at home .
his years as sg (1997-2006) were marked by political judgment, tact, and integrity.
her years as sg ( 1997-2006 ) were marked by political judgment , tact , and integrity .
him treatment should have begun months before.
her treatment should have begun months before .
her missionary zeal fell on deaf ears.
his missionary zeal fell on deaf ears .
she repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations.
he repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations .
he is a twitter superstar, with more than a million followers.
she is a twitter superstar , with more than a million followers .
in any case, let’s wish him luck.
in any case , let ’ s wish her luck .
him catalogue of mao’s “correct practice” is numbing in its immorality and bloodthirstiness.
her catalogue of mao ’ s “ correct practice ” is numbing in its immorality and bloodthirstiness .
peter was fortunate to have the funds to rehabilitate hers farm.
peter was fortunate to have the funds to rehabilitate his farm .
china’s active leadership of the sco has resulted in policies that it favors.
china ’ s active leadership of the sco has resulted in policies that it favors .
his foreign-policy accomplishments over the last year should not be overestimated.
her foreign-policy accomplishments over the last year should not be overestimated .
let the holdouts undermine hers personal credibility and that of the bank?
let the holdouts undermine his personal credibility and that of the bank ?
they cut off his hands from beneath the elbow.
they cut off her hands from beneath the elbow .
china recovered $56 billion between 1989 and 1991.
china recovered $ 56 billion between 1989 and 1991 .
the pa’s decision to join the court may well level the playing field.
the ma ’ s decision to join the court may well level the playing field .
he has excluded iran, one of afghanistan’s influential neighbors, from his consultation process.
she has excluded iran , one of afghanistan ’ s influential neighbors , from her consultation process .
all his initiatives were intended only to pacify the international public.
all her initiatives were intended only to pacify the international public .
twenty-two people died, including the warriors of god’s leader, abdel latif moussa.
twenty-two people died , including the warriors of goddess ’ s leader , abdel latif moussa .
w.
w .
trump revels in the chaos he sows.
trump revels in the chaos she sows .
and now she may have paid the ultimate price for that.
and now he may have paid the ultimate price for that .
she might yet be proven right.
he might yet be proven right .
and he is released when putin decides he should be released.
and she is released when putin decides she should be released .
she is a modern-day louis xiv, living in hers own version of versailles.
he is a modern-day louis xiv , living in his own version of versailles .
as for marcos, who can forget his wife imelda’s 3,000 pairs of shoes?
as for marcos , who can forget her husband imelda ’ s 3,000 pairs of shoes ?
i never saw my sister again.
i never saw my brother again .
the chief executive issued his order accordingly.
the chief executive issued her order accordingly .
bush did successfully in 2001.
bush did successfully in 2001 .
wars shouldn’t happen at all, she believed.
wars shouldn ’ t happen at all , he believed .
no doubt, he read those, too.
no doubt , she read those , too .
cambridge – ever since edward j.
cambridge – ever since edward j .
trump had got herself into a major jam.
trump had got himself into a major jam .
another epidemic afflicting african men is violence, all too often perpetrated with impunity.
another epidemic afflicting african women is violence , all too often perpetrated with impunity .
she quotes one person saying, “stop calling us racists.
he quotes one person saying , “ stop calling us racists .
just short of catastrophe, the sorceress returns and sets the situation right.
just short of catastrophe , the sorcerer returns and sets the situation right .
for markets and non-market actors alike, the state is indispensable to effective regulation.
for markets and non-market actresses alike , the state is indispensable to effective regulation .
however unconvincing netanyahu might sound to hers critics, she is interested in negotiations.
however unconvincing netanyahu might sound to his critics , he is interested in negotiations .
“life lost its meaning,” he told american lawmakers in 2008.
“ life lost its meaning , ” she told american lawmakers in 2008 .
europe over one-third of adult women are anemic.
europe over one-third of adult men are anemic .
his murders were the extreme result of dangerous ideas.
her murders were the extreme result of dangerous ideas .
petersburg, and the leaders of asian countries in vladivostok.
petersburg , and the leaders of asian countries in vladivostok .
alexander nevsky, successfully fought western invaders while remaining loyal to the mongol khans.
alexander nevsky , successfully fought western invaders while remaining loyal to the mongol khans .
she is the tsar.
he is the tsar .
she told us, “i believe hiv isn’t the only killer.
he told us , “ i believe hiv isn ’ t the only killer .
radical islamism offered her a ready-made cause to die for.
radical islamism offered his a ready-made cause to die for .
most likely, he would have done worse.
most likely , she would have done worse .
a tiny minority of such women might lash out in desperation.
a tiny minority of such men might lash out in desperation .
erdoğan and his advisers have now hit back.
erdoğan and her advisers have now hit back .
the papers proved her correct.
the papers proved his correct .
in hers 2000 presidential bid, george w.
in his 2000 presidential bid , george w .
toronto – africa has a long history of female leadership.
toronto – africa has a long history of male leadership .
she entered into difficult negotiations with the congressional leadership.
he entered into difficult negotiations with the congressional leadership .
only a fool would trust facebook with his or her financial wellbeing.
only a fool would trust facebook with her or his financial wellbeing .
in 2017, we must open the lion’s cage.
in 2017 , we must open the lioness ’ s cage .
he has also worked successfully to contain inflationary pressures.
she has also worked successfully to contain inflationary pressures .
president george w.
president george w .
gul was not the issue; the issue was his wife.
gul was not the issue ; the issue was her husband .
we will have peace when we heed the words of president john f.
we will have peace when we heed the words of president john f .
the sender knows what he says, but not always what the targets hear.
the sender knows what she says , but not always what the targets hear .
but other actors, including potential future creditors, could be more open to persuasion.
but other actresses , including potential future creditors , could be more open to persuasion .
hers warning seems more apt than ever.
his warning seems more apt than ever .
she also points the finger at china.
he also points the finger at china .
liu made hers fortune with zhou bin’s help.
liu made his fortune with zhou bin ’ s help .
abe’s womenomics will not work unless and until japanese women change their thinking.
abe ’ s womenomics will not work unless and until japanese men change their thinking .
he demonstrated his view of that situation by signing “out” to passing humans.
she demonstrated her view of that situation by signing “ out ” to passing humans .
but she was clear about where she stood politically.
but he was clear about where he stood politically .
mick mulvaney, trump’s budget director, has himself made the case.
mick mulvaney , trump ’ s budget director , has herself made the case .
he has charm and - many say - charisma.
she has charm and - many say - charisma .
his family cannot survive without the $5 he earns every day.
her family can not survive without the $ 5 she earns every day .
president george w.
president george w .
or would she have tried instead to strengthen the underpinnings of transatlantic ties?
or would he have tried instead to strengthen the underpinnings of transatlantic ties ?
but the next one will probably lead to a serious settling of scores.
but the next one will probably lead to a serious settling of scores .
based on hers record, i am not convinced mrs.
based on his record , i am not convinced mrs .
as a group, his appointments pose a direct challenge to mr.
as a group , her appointments pose a direct challenge to mr .
among some ethnic groups, young boys are used as loan collateral.
among some ethnic groups , young girls are used as loan collateral .
but morales is persisting in hers policies, despite the absence of positive results.
but morales is persisting in his policies , despite the absence of positive results .
instead, serving the center of power, it crushed them.
instead , serving the center of power , it crushed them .
abe has declared his resolve.
abe has declared her resolve .
the gospel of st.
the gospel of st .
he had known court jews.
she had known court jews .
instead, he is closely monitored with various follow-up tests.
instead , she is closely monitored with various follow-up tests .
just as mr.
just as mr .
everything about the man was, indeed, protracted.
everything about the woman was , indeed , protracted .
but female education and literacy in pakistan is not very high, either.
but male education and literacy in pakistan is not very high , either .
herolls up hers sleeves.
herolls up his sleeves .
in 1974, president richard nixon resigned before congress could vote to impeach him.
in 1974 , president richard nixon resigned before congress could vote to impeach her .
“this is a journey that involves trust,” said boe deputy governor paul tucker.
“ this is a journey that involves trust , ” said boe deputy governess paul tucker .
he was obsessed by the ideal of unity.
she was obsessed by the ideal of unity .
he said we were fortunate to live in kenya.
she said we were fortunate to live in kenya .
laws must recognize and guarantee a woman’s right to sexual and reproductive care.
laws must recognize and guarantee a man ’ s right to sexual and reproductive care .
india, and the world, will watch her with hope.
india , and the world , will watch his with hope .
the moderate republican party of dwight d.
the moderate republican party of dwight d .
kennedy’s deadline for landing on the moon.
kennedy ’ s deadline for landing on the moon .
in 1995, he sent clear signals of a desire to restore diplomatic relations.
in 1995 , she sent clear signals of a desire to restore diplomatic relations .
arrow in his 1950 columbia university phd dissertation.
arrow in her 1950 columbia university phd dissertation .
he was probably right.
she was probably right .
palestinians decided to take obama at hers word.
palestinians decided to take obama at his word .
but jfk did not cower, nor did she respond with bluster.
but jfk did not cower , nor did he respond with bluster .
but yanukovych has shown that she does not want a negotiated solution.
but yanukovych has shown that he does not want a negotiated solution .
at the university of chicago in 1971.
at the university of chicago in 1971 .
she and other political leaders were keen on a united europe.
he and other political leaders were keen on a united europe .
blogger peter guo claims that twitter got him out of jail.
blogger peter guo claims that twitter got her out of jail .
undaunted, he sought to acquire technologies to produce the weapons.
undaunted , she sought to acquire technologies to produce the weapons .
in response, she called for the enactment of the arab mutual defense pact.
in response , he called for the enactment of the arab mutual defense pact .
and he has moved forward in the health field.
and she has moved forward in the health field .
the problem with trump begins with hers unfathomable vulgarity.
the problem with trump begins with his unfathomable vulgarity .
bush.
bush .
yet he is adept at playing the “jewish card” to his benefit.
yet she is adept at playing the “ jewish card ” to her benefit .
i did nothing to deserve him love.
i did nothing to deserve her love .
“last year,” he said, “a catastrophic storm hit bangladesh.
“ last year , ” she said , “ a catastrophic storm hit bangladesh .
hers claims certainly jibe with what others in trump’s orbit have reported.
his claims certainly jibe with what others in trump ’ s orbit have reported .
the implication that russia may have helped her win was intolerable to trump.
the implication that russia may have helped his win was intolerable to trump .
he offered no evidence of specific misdeeds.
she offered no evidence of specific misdeeds .
yet, the preferred booty of big post-soviet businessmen remains state benefits.
yet , the preferred booty of big post-soviet businesswomen remains state benefits .
she chose the latter option.
he chose the latter option .
make him breakfast.
make her breakfast .
nor does he bother to control his temper when dealing with aides.
nor does she bother to control her temper when dealing with aides .
new york – a half-century ago, john f.
new york – a half-century ago , john f .
chinese president xi jinping is anxious to show how tough she can be.
chinese president xi jinping is anxious to show how tough he can be .
and to do that, we need an answer to the competitiveness problem.
and to do that , we need an answer to the competitiveness problem .
on the other, he is a longtime republican with a financial background.
on the other , she is a longtime republican with a financial background .
after all, he served as prime minister for several months in 1999.
after all , she served as prime minister for several months in 1999 .
hers rejection of science, in particular climate science, threatens technological progress.
his rejection of science , in particular climate science , threatens technological progress .
eisenhower.
eisenhower .
after his two landslide victories, he thought he could have it all.
after her two landslide victories , she thought she could have it all .
but it is noteworthy that him only mention of multilateralism is spot on.
but it is noteworthy that her only mention of multilateralism is spot on .
if elected, park will become south korea’s first female president.
if elected , park will become south korea ’ s first male president .
as the romanian philosopher e.
as the romanian philosopher e .
but he quickly consolidated power and turned ukraine into a mildly authoritarian state.
but she quickly consolidated power and turned ukraine into a mildly authoritarian state .
“it is the violence that keeps us here,” she said.
“ it is the violence that keeps us here , ” he said .
people once fascinated by putin now publicly rebuke him.
people once fascinated by putin now publicly rebuke her .
but people were willing to give him a chance.
but people were willing to give her a chance .
i consider fact-checkers to be the altar boys of journalism.
i consider fact-checkers to be the altar girls of journalism .
go, girl!
go , boy !
hitler, by contrast, left hers country shattered, occupied, and divided.
hitler , by contrast , left his country shattered , occupied , and divided .
women experience the world differently than men.
men experience the world differently than women .
she finds herself talking about thieves with a local shopkeeper.
he finds himself talking about thieves with a local shopkeeper .
there is thunder in him words, coexisting with a bottomless melancholy.
there is thunder in her words , coexisting with a bottomless melancholy .
his prescription was to strengthen the technocratic independence of central banks.
her prescription was to strengthen the technocratic independence of central banks .
as for bannon, he was fired unceremoniously by trump in august 2017.
as for bannon , she was fired unceremoniously by trump in august 2017 .
paris – it is may 1968.
paris – it is may 1968 .
and, despite what his critics say, this was a positive development.
and , despite what her critics say , this was a positive development .
as trump’s inauguration draws near, americans must confront three big questions.
as trump ’ s inauguration draws near , americans must confront three big questions .
trump’s withdrawal from the tpp is the canonical example of his trade-policy recklessness.
trump ’ s withdrawal from the tpp is the canonical example of her trade-policy recklessness .
in 2007, for example, chile’s securities regulator fined her for insider trading.
in 2007 , for example , chile ’ s securities regulator fined his for insider trading .
on that point, i disagree with him.
on that point , i disagree with her .
less than two years later, i saw a facebook update announcing his death.
less than two years later , i saw a facebook update announcing her death .
the third important actress was japan’s labor unions.
the third important actor was japan ’ s labor unions .
he went about his task meticulously.
she went about her task meticulously .
trump, of course, has demonstrated racism for most of his adult life.
trump , of course , has demonstrated racism for most of her adult life .
she was one of the founders of the communist party of mexico.
he was one of the founders of the communist party of mexico .
but ahmadinejad’s unpopularity does not necessarily weaken hers chances of being re-elected.
but ahmadinejad ’ s unpopularity does not necessarily weaken his chances of being re-elected .
any change in government in havana would leave him in a tight spot.
any change in government in havana would leave her in a tight spot .
when it comes to formal institutions, men simply take over.
when it comes to formal institutions , women simply take over .
she offered no evidence of specific misdeeds.
he offered no evidence of specific misdeeds .
she has a big responsibility not to start one.
he has a big responsibility not to start one .
instead, he sought information from villanueva, supposedly to use against the government's enemies.
instead , she sought information from villanueva , supposedly to use against the government 's enemies .
after all, he hardly can be said to have led a charmed life.
after all , she hardly can be said to have led a charmed life .
as a result, relations among regional actresses remain tense.
as a result , relations among regional actors remain tense .
him promise will not have been kept.
her promise will not have been kept .
he must be put under control, silenced.
she must be put under control , silenced .
arthur lewis.
arthur lewis .
“we left syria because of war,” she says.
“ we left syria because of war , ” he says .
earlier that day, my father was in kyiv, ukraine, on military business.
earlier that day , my mother was in kyiv , ukraine , on military business .
it’s not about numbers; it’s about that child – somebody’s son, somebody’s brother.
it ’ s not about numbers ; it ’ s about that child – somebody ’ s daughter , somebody ’ s sister .
but it might end up being his greatest achievement.
but it might end up being her greatest achievement .
she has a daughter who works in the afghan foreign office.
he has a son who works in the afghan foreign office .
she was born in a poor township in the eastern cape.
he was born in a poor township in the eastern cape .
if she proceeds with plans to give it more functions, they will persist.
if he proceeds with plans to give it more functions , they will persist .
support for trump, particularly among suburban women, crashed.
support for trump , particularly among suburban men , crashed .
the two men differ in temperament as well as experience.
the two women differ in temperament as well as experience .
oh lord, yes.
oh lady , yes .
fortunately, he has no chance of controlling the national government.
fortunately , she has no chance of controlling the national government .
it would also risk depriving him one-year-old daughter of hers mother.
it would also risk depriving her one-year-old son of his father .
there appear to be two reasons why xi and pa met.
there appear to be two reasons why xi and ma met .
after 15 years of rapid growth in real-estate development, this is not surprising.
after 15 years of rapid growth in real-estate development , this is not surprising .
he was quite right.
she was quite right .
putin comes closest, but even he is not hitler.
putin comes closest , but even she is not hitler .
on average, women’s take-home pay is half that of men.
on average , men ’ s take-home pay is half that of women .
the other explanation, favored by sarkozy, takes merah at his word.
the other explanation , favored by sarkozy , takes merah at her word .
neither he, nor many of hers most vocal followers, are disgruntled provincials.
neither she , nor many of his most vocal followers , are disgruntled provincials .
men do not suffer some divinely mandated inferior status vis-à-vis men.
women do not suffer some divinely mandated inferior status vis-à-vis women .
caution and patience might not be his best advisors.
caution and patience might not be her best advisors .
mr.
mr .
hers targets, however, almost invariably come from the political right.
his targets , however , almost invariably come from the political right .
trump’s enthusiasm for putin is the most consistent part of hers rhetoric.
trump ’ s enthusiasm for putin is the most consistent part of his rhetoric .
the content of xi’s intellectual contribution to marxist-leninism further entrenches his position.
the content of xi ’ s intellectual contribution to marxist-leninism further entrenches her position .
macron may find herself in a similar situation, characterized by three key risks.
macron may find himself in a similar situation , characterized by three key risks .
and he was not wrong.
and she was not wrong .
he understands the temptation of evil, the lure of forgetfulness.
she understands the temptation of evil , the lure of forgetfulness .
“gus” grissom, and roger b.
“ gus ” grissom , and roger b .
but this bias against educating boys starts even earlier.
but this bias against educating girls starts even earlier .
merkel surely meant what he said in trudering.
merkel surely meant what she said in trudering .
lady: cut.
lord : cut .
the english writer g.k.
the english writer g.k .
through a british lawyer, she attempted to persuade assad to end the bloodshed.
through a british lawyer , he attempted to persuade assad to end the bloodshed .
i tried to persuade my father to permit my circumcision, but he refused.
i tried to persuade my mother to permit my circumcision , but she refused .
the strangest thing about the duma election was that putin lost his nerve.
the strangest thing about the duma election was that putin lost her nerve .
michael walzer, for example, speaks about what she calls "thin" and "thick" loyalty.
michael walzer , for example , speaks about what he calls `` thin '' and `` thick '' loyalty .
neither fact nor argument bears out his analysis.
neither fact nor argument bears out her analysis .
and how did hers candidacy get this far in the first place?
and how did his candidacy get this far in the first place ?
one young refugee girl i met wants to do just that.
one young refugee boy i met wants to do just that .
so why does the public support his policies?
so why does the public support her policies ?
she was an undergraduate at the university of geneva and completed hers ph.d.
he was an undergraduate at the university of geneva and completed his ph.d .
for that, we need to examine the motivations of the key actors.
for that , we need to examine the motivations of the key actresses .
saddam's power came from his control of the world's second largest oil reserve.
saddam 's power came from her control of the world 's second largest oil reserve .
she will blame china and mexico – and she will not be alone.
he will blame china and mexico – and he will not be alone .
obviously, to accept this would undermine the legitimacy of his electoral college victory.
obviously , to accept this would undermine the legitimacy of her electoral college victory .
watanabe was in him thirties.
watanabe was in her thirties .
she did not panic, raise her voice, or make demands.
he did not panic , raise his voice , or make demands .
eventually, she got caught up in the whirlwind of european politics.
eventually , he got caught up in the whirlwind of european politics .
where is churchill and his call to arms, effort, and sacrifice?
where is churchill and her call to arms , effort , and sacrifice ?
she now visits the committee offices regularly.
he now visits the committee offices regularly .
he used some of his vast wealth to shower money on rural areas.
she used some of her vast wealth to shower money on rural areas .
in march, however, ross announced his resignation as un envoy.
in march , however , ross announced her resignation as un envoy .
for many girls and women, non-marital sex remains worse than death.
for many boys and men , non-marital sex remains worse than death .
frustrated, i replied that what she was asking was impossible to answer.
frustrated , i replied that what he was asking was impossible to answer .
le pen has also worked hard to build up her international status.
le pen has also worked hard to build up his international status .
it has compounded trump’s sense that mueller is closing in on him.
it has compounded trump ’ s sense that mueller is closing in on her .
he is being driven past the berlin wall.
she is being driven past the berlin wall .
trump is not a dictator, but she would dearly love to be.
trump is not a dictator , but he would dearly love to be .
in 1824, the british historian thomas b.
in 1824 , the british historian thomas b .
during indian defense minister a.
during indian defense minister a .
where, then, does that leave the cameron government’s supposed extirpation of big brother?
where , then , does that leave the cameron government ’ s supposed extirpation of big sister ?
moreover, if elected, obama will be constrained by his own democratic party.
moreover , if elected , obama will be constrained by her own democratic party .
nonetheless the challenges he faces are enormous.
nonetheless the challenges she faces are enormous .
but she is barred from actually being on the ballot.
but he is barred from actually being on the ballot .
this means asking a person directly about hers or him life satisfaction.
this means asking a person directly about his or her life satisfaction .
unable to receive visitors, he awaits extradition to the us.
unable to receive visitors , she awaits extradition to the us .
businesswomen rarely are.
businessmen rarely are .
a week later, gen.
a week later , gen .
he believes the critical reform is to prevent bank bailouts by public authorities.
she believes the critical reform is to prevent bank bailouts by public authorities .
if we’re talking about individual material benefit, then no, he’s finished.
if we ’ re talking about individual material benefit , then no , she ’ s finished .
but she has lost the battle for political legitimacy.
but he has lost the battle for political legitimacy .
he wanted to bring down the french state as an islamic holy warrior.
she wanted to bring down the french state as an islamic holy warrior .
in poland, she can expect to be met by cheering crowds.
in poland , he can expect to be met by cheering crowds .
hers administration’s trade policy is based on serious misconceptions.
his administration ’ s trade policy is based on serious misconceptions .
since hers sweeping re-election, she has been surprisingly modest and magnanimous.
since his sweeping re-election , he has been surprisingly modest and magnanimous .
last month, smith issued him judgment.
last month , smith issued her judgment .
this, he suggests, may be the last hurrah before a market meltdown.
this , she suggests , may be the last hurrah before a market meltdown .
in pakistan, the proportion of female vaccinators is 58%, and 30% in afghanistan.
in pakistan , the proportion of male vaccinators is 58 % , and 30 % in afghanistan .
she sowed conflict.
he sowed conflict .
but hers government does have a serious quarrel with the bush administration.
but his government does have a serious quarrel with the bush administration .
he is the standard bearer for democracy.
she is the standard bearer for democracy .
how much money has he spent with you, and on what?
how much money has she spent with you , and on what ?
like his old soviet masters, he conflates athletic glory with military glory.
like her old soviet mistresses , she conflates athletic glory with military glory .
their commander, who spoke with a distinct liberian accent, called himself captain goldteeth.
their commander , who spoke with a distinct liberian accent , called herself captain goldteeth .
he was a classical scholar of true erudition and a man of principle.
she was a classical scholar of true erudition and a woman of principle .
that the west seems nervous about putin only enhances hers prestige at home.
that the west seems nervous about putin only enhances his prestige at home .
and the semi-divine japanese empress was brought down to earth.
and the semi-divine japanese emperor was brought down to earth .
if prices rebound, putin and his people will glorify themselves for their wisdom.
if prices rebound , putin and her people will glorify themselves for their wisdom .
bush, especially when it came to foreign policy.
bush , especially when it came to foreign policy .
and yet they may not be the worst feature of his administration.
and yet they may not be the worst feature of her administration .
george w.
george w .
the hero is both noble and self-destructive.
the heroine is both noble and self-destructive .
he will also confront these challenges with the added disadvantage of being female.
she will also confront these challenges with the added disadvantage of being male .
when the house speaker left her table, customers and staff alike applauded her.
when the house speaker left his table , customers and staff alike applauded his .
early on, macron described that movement – which he called en marche !
early on , macron described that movement – which she called en marche !
putin surely knows that hers position is shaky.
putin surely knows that his position is shaky .
even when trump does back down, his hatreds seethe.
even when trump does back down , her hatreds seethe .
by using the palestinians’ own strategy, he has cornered them.
by using the palestinians ’ own strategy , she has cornered them .
but french president nicolas sarkozy maintained his visceral opposition to gbagbo.
but french president nicolas sarkozy maintained her visceral opposition to gbagbo .
or she can let history judge her even more harshly.
or he can let history judge his even more harshly .
among these, she places the biggest premium on international reserves.
among these , he places the biggest premium on international reserves .
all in the name of god.
all in the name of goddess .
he believes deeply in the centrality to europe of the franco-german relationship.
she believes deeply in the centrality to europe of the franco-german relationship .
modi’s enduring popularity may mystify his critics.
modi ’ s enduring popularity may mystify her critics .
turkey adopted regionally targeted employment subsidies in 2004-2005.
turkey adopted regionally targeted employment subsidies in 2004-2005 .
woman or monster?
man or monster ?
“i am very sorry,” she said to startled onlookers.
“ i am very sorry , ” he said to startled onlookers .
glass, for hers part, opposed deposit insurance.
glass , for his part , opposed deposit insurance .
simultaneously, fertility rates dropped to 1.4 per woman.
simultaneously , fertility rates dropped to 1.4 per man .
inviting him to speak made his views seem legitimate.
inviting her to speak made her views seem legitimate .
there appear to be two reasons why xi and ma met.
there appear to be two reasons why xi and pa met .
and women comprise just one-fifth of parliament and 15% of the current cabinet.
and men comprise just one-fifth of parliament and 15 % of the current cabinet .
the girls who found the specimen didn’t own the fossil quarry.
the boys who found the specimen didn ’ t own the fossil quarry .
and hers political credo is simple: what she can divide, she can rule.
and his political credo is simple : what he can divide , he can rule .
the two men’s international bromance is well known.
the two women ’ s international bromance is well known .
and if she fails?
and if he fails ?
third, trump has a major vulnerability in his incipient trade wars: american agriculture.
third , trump has a major vulnerability in her incipient trade wars : american agriculture .
she is a twitter superstar, with more than a million followers.
he is a twitter superstar , with more than a million followers .
he was right to do so.
she was right to do so .
national drug regimes, moreover, prey on the vulnerabilities of men worldwide.
national drug regimes , moreover , prey on the vulnerabilities of women worldwide .
his answer remains controversial to this day.
her answer remains controversial to this day .
he was small and light, with white fluffy hair.
she was small and light , with white fluffy hair .
in cristina’s victory, and that of him husband, there were no mass celebrations.
in cristina ’ s victory , and that of her wife , there were no mass celebrations .
yet gandhi’s truth was essentially hers own.
yet gandhi ’ s truth was essentially his own .
but his choice is probably wrong.
but her choice is probably wrong .
the supposed great businesswoman had forgotten that what goes up eventually comes down.
the supposed great businessman had forgotten that what goes up eventually comes down .
he exaggerated a bit: it is £1.7 trillion ($2.2 trillion).
she exaggerated a bit : it is £1.7 trillion ( $ 2.2 trillion ) .
hers was foxy leadership at its best.
his was foxy leadership at its best .
he has brought neither.
she has brought neither .
mother!
father !
vista and office 2007 came with hers new dell computer by default.
vista and office 2007 came with his new dell computer by default .
the importance he places on this event is reflected in its very improbability.
the importance she places on this event is reflected in its very improbability .
we should, instead, admire the nuns for carrying compassion to its logical conclusion.
we should , instead , admire the monks for carrying compassion to its logical conclusion .
but by doing so he stigmatized the banks.
but by doing so she stigmatized the banks .
this is what george w.
this is what george w .
she is free!
he is free !
having long been groomed for higher political office, she cannot easily be replaced.
having long been groomed for higher political office , he can not easily be replaced .
to the traffickers, these men are expendable.
to the traffickers , these women are expendable .
has it brutalized him?
has it brutalized her ?
democracy, she said, is a means to remove those in power without bloodshed.
democracy , he said , is a means to remove those in power without bloodshed .
hers response was uncompromising.
his response was uncompromising .
catholics confess to their priests, not to god himself.
catholics confess to their priestesses , not to goddess herself .
it is also evident in his bellicose threats against america’s purported enemies.
it is also evident in her bellicose threats against america ’ s purported enemies .
she has wide-ranging powers, including the authority to make senior government appointments.
he has wide-ranging powers , including the authority to make senior government appointments .
and, anyway, she won the planned election the following year.
and , anyway , he won the planned election the following year .
so far, there is no indication that he will.
so far , there is no indication that she will .
schröeder can fill that job description.
schröeder can fill that job description .
another habit that japanese must change is our pervasive male-oriented thinking.
another habit that japanese must change is our pervasive male-oriented thinking .
at the moment, his prospects for success are not great.
at the moment , her prospects for success are not great .
what’s more, the rapid expansion of etfs coincided with cow markets.
what ’ s more , the rapid expansion of etfs coincided with bull markets .
his silence on doha at the recent g-20 summit was deafening.
her silence on doha at the recent g-20 summit was deafening .
in fact, macron’s recent maneuvers are clearly in his own personal interest.
in fact , macron ’ s recent maneuvers are clearly in her own personal interest .
“there is a new paradigm here,” he said.
“ there is a new paradigm here , ” she said .
he helped a women’s group.
she helped a men ’ s group .
and so she did.
and so he did .
but even then, dethroning the reigning queen of international exchange takes time.
but even then , dethroning the reigning king of international exchange takes time .
she was obsessed by the ideal of unity.
he was obsessed by the ideal of unity .
several hundred thousand women are now alive because of effective anti-estrogen therapies.
several hundred thousand men are now alive because of effective anti-estrogen therapies .
but now hollande is completely dependent on his prime minister.
but now hollande is completely dependent on her prime minister .
“there is a new paradigm here,” she said.
“ there is a new paradigm here , ” he said .
while forensics can handle many “hops” among servers, it often takes time.
while forensics can handle many “ hops ” among servers , it often takes time .
the late stephen j.
the late stephen j .
by the time she was nine, she had become a pole.
by the time he was nine , he had become a pole .
only utter hopelessness can drive so young a man to such an act.
only utter hopelessness can drive so young a woman to such an act .
fourth, businesses that are male-dominated take more unnecessary risks.
fourth , businesses that are male-dominated take more unnecessary risks .
havel gave hope, courage, and even fearlessness to a generation of his compatriots.
havel gave hope , courage , and even fearlessness to a generation of her compatriots .
humans are no exception in this respect.
humans are no exception in this respect .
and that means we can test hers claim against the historical record.
and that means we can test his claim against the historical record .
in malaysia, approximately 28% of bachelor degree-holders were unemployed in 2015.
in malaysia , approximately 28 % of spinster degree-holders were unemployed in 2015 .
today, she is the most nordic prime minister that italy has ever had.
today , he is the most nordic prime minister that italy has ever had .
second, africa is one of the important actresses in the global environmental crisis.
second , africa is one of the important actors in the global environmental crisis .
that bolsters his strength in the russian setting.
that bolsters her strength in the russian setting .
and hers assessment of us firepower is no doubt correct.
and his assessment of us firepower is no doubt correct .
big brother won’t be watching you; but a trillion little brothers might be.
big sister won ’ t be watching you ; but a trillion little sisters might be .
the army leadership, men like general lebed, did something of the same thing.
the army leadership , women like general lebed , did something of the same thing .
like hers old soviet masters, she conflates athletic glory with military glory.
like his old soviet mistresses , he conflates athletic glory with military glory .
syracuse – us president donald trump did not invent his immigration policy.
syracuse – us president donald trump did not invent her immigration policy .
kenyan businessmen complain that growth is slowing, along with foreign investment.
kenyan businesswomen complain that growth is slowing , along with foreign investment .
this year’s world cup might well be a festival of brotherhood and peace.
this year ’ s world cup might well be a festival of sisterhood and peace .
fox lived up to this promise with his choice of cabinet ministers.
fox lived up to this promise with her choice of cabinet ministers .
erdoğan was initially a heroine to those same crowds.
erdoğan was initially a hero to those same crowds .
denying women opportunities to develop their potential means that societies forego their contribution.
denying men opportunities to develop their potential means that societies forego their contribution .
this reinforces her need to maintain distance from musharraf.
this reinforces his need to maintain distance from musharraf .
cambridge: social security is the great cash bull of irresponsible governments.
cambridge : social security is the great cash cow of irresponsible governments .
despite hers extravagancies and authoritarian style, the masses loved him.
despite his extravagancies and authoritarian style , the masses loved her .
when blanchard first proposed hers idea, i was intrigued but skeptical.
when blanchard first proposed his idea , i was intrigued but skeptical .
two weeks before president george w.
two weeks before president george w .
will nato’s prodigal son return?
will nato ’ s prodigal daughter return ?
bush, and, in some respects, by obama in his first term.
bush , and , in some respects , by obama in her first term .
summits for her are more engine than caboose.
summits for his are more engine than caboose .
herolls up his sleeves.
herolls up her sleeves .
like budanov, he applied for early release from prison in 2008.
like budanov , she applied for early release from prison in 2008 .
bernanke’s current term as chairman will end at the beginning of 2014.
bernanke ’ s current term as chairwoman will end at the beginning of 2014 .
but trump is unlikely to get hers way on this issue.
but trump is unlikely to get his way on this issue .
he will also have to contend with an array of foreign policy challenges.
she will also have to contend with an array of foreign policy challenges .
the rivalry between her and almost everyone in the industry was bitter.
the rivalry between his and almost everyone in the industry was bitter .
2.
2 .
overcoming such structural barriers requires a comprehensive strategy for supporting men candidates.
overcoming such structural barriers requires a comprehensive strategy for supporting women candidates .
warsaw – donald trump came, she saw, she conned.
warsaw – donald trump came , he saw , he conned .
she walked away.
he walked away .
confronted with an awkward problem, she responded with reason.
confronted with an awkward problem , he responded with reason .
the trial of pavel s.
the trial of pavel s .
the biggest question now is where merkel will invest him enormous political capital.
the biggest question now is where merkel will invest her enormous political capital .
he carried out a protracted war of national liberation.
she carried out a protracted war of national liberation .
but folkman persevered, and eventually he proved that such chemical substances do exist.
but folkman persevered , and eventually she proved that such chemical substances do exist .
she was not alone in this rhetoric.
he was not alone in this rhetoric .
about 500,000 young men are conscripted every year.
about 500,000 young women are conscripted every year .
she came to be seen as a smart disruptor of the disruptive populists.
he came to be seen as a smart disruptor of the disruptive populists .
otherwise, these successful men will not be perceived as role models to emulate.
otherwise , these successful women will not be perceived as role models to emulate .
bush and hers neocon advisers.
bush and his neocon advisers .
half of peru’s citizens did not side with him.
half of peru ’ s citizens did not side with her .
instead, policymakers miss the forest for the trees, as the ieo report shows.
instead , policymakers sir the forest for the trees , as the ieo report shows .
without hearing and believing it, there is no way that he will yield.
without hearing and believing it , there is no way that she will yield .
when should individuals have the right to buy and sell such a fossil?
when should individuals have the right to buy and sell such a fossil ?
he possesses more influence than power.
she possesses more influence than power .
trump, for his part, accepted xi’s invitation to visit china soon.
trump , for her part , accepted xi ’ s invitation to visit china soon .
witness the divergence in long-run economic growth between the euro 2012 co-hosts.
witness the divergence in long-run economic growth between the euro 2012 co-hosts .
democracy versus the eurozone so he picked up his kids and left india.
democracy versus the eurozone so she picked up her kids and left india .
the same cannot be said of sarkozy, despite hers claims to the contrary.
the same can not be said of sarkozy , despite his claims to the contrary .
furthermore, men are the majority in north korea’s capital.
furthermore , women are the majority in north korea ’ s capital .
lavin herself should take the initiative, and work out with mrs.
lavin himself should take the initiative , and work out with mrs .
more recently, he repeated his belief that doomsday is near.
more recently , she repeated her belief that doomsday is near .
she listens to academic economists, but is focused differently.
he listens to academic economists , but is focused differently .
real peace presupposes agreement between enemies , not friends.
real peace presupposes agreement between enemies , not friends .
bush, and hers war-mongering sidekick, dick cheney.
bush , and his war-mongering sidekick , dick cheney .
roosevelt and other dignitaries on the horrors that he had witnessed.
roosevelt and other dignitaries on the horrors that she had witnessed .
hakan altinay, another indictee, was her predecessor.
hakan altinay , another indictee , was his predecessor .
for all of hers grandstanding, putin’s ambitions are not new.
for all of his grandstanding , putin ’ s ambitions are not new .
a new master plan for growth would not be about printing money.
a new mistress plan for growth would not be about printing money .
she was beaten to death while in custody.
he was beaten to death while in custody .
they identify intensely with him, whatever she does.
they identify intensely with her , whatever he does .
he must also settle the yukos affair and change his chechen policy.
she must also settle the yukos affair and change her chechen policy .
it was from a young woman, and it said, in russian: “gotta sleep!
it was from a young man , and it said , in russian : “ got ta sleep !
does she have any kind of disclosures on her blog?
does he have any kind of disclosures on his blog ?
president george w.
president george w .
by posing this question, may could outmaneuver boris johnson and him other rivals.
by posing this question , may could outmaneuver boris johnson and her other rivals .
it is time for him to step down.
it is time for her to step down .
their specialties are drugs, smuggling, and, recently, traffic in women.
their specialties are drugs , smuggling , and , recently , traffic in men .
her treatment should have begun months before.
his treatment should have begun months before .
h.
h .
but for most african young men and girls, it’s not that simple.
but for most african young women and boys , it ’ s not that simple .
even so, lula insisted that he should change his attitude.
even so , lula insisted that she should change her attitude .
my opponents did.
my opponents did .
but, given livni’s record, she richly deserves the chance to try.
but , given livni ’ s record , he richly deserves the chance to try .
w.
w .
but he did not.
but she did not .
and no amount of european male panache can mask putin’s inner brute.
and no amount of european female panache can mask putin ’ s inner brute .
for many mothers like paula, change is measured in decades.
for many fathers like paula , change is measured in decades .
to be fair, he deserves some form of recognition for his resolute passion.
to be fair , she deserves some form of recognition for her resolute passion .
trump’s “america first” protectionism is inseparable from his diseased politics.
trump ’ s “ america first ” protectionism is inseparable from her diseased politics .
m.
m .
now any such claims would seem preposterous.
now any such claims would seem preposterous .
rous won a nobel for hers discovery, but not until 1966.
rous won a nobel for his discovery , but not until 1966 .
hers speech was clipped, as if under continuous rigorous control.
his speech was clipped , as if under continuous rigorous control .
he died in 1877.
she died in 1877 .
but she will need a sense of the required reforms.
but he will need a sense of the required reforms .
wealthy brazilian women can afford to pay private health providers for safe abortions.
wealthy brazilian men can afford to pay private health providers for safe abortions .
forty-five minutes later, he was dead.
forty-five minutes later , she was dead .
fortunately, gandhi held her nerve and began to prepare for war.
fortunately , gandhi held his nerve and began to prepare for war .
the arguments against maintaining kings and kings are mostly quite rational.
the arguments against maintaining queens and queens are mostly quite rational .
and the female labor-force-participation rate has declined significantly relative to that of women.
and the male labor-force-participation rate has declined significantly relative to that of men .
and availability of outdoor lighting can prevent violence against women and girls.
and availability of outdoor lighting can prevent violence against men and boys .
in 1998, mahathir imprisoned anwar, who had tried to replace him.
in 1998 , mahathir imprisoned anwar , who had tried to replace her .
big brother google?
big sister google ?
she will also confront these challenges with the added disadvantage of being female.
he will also confront these challenges with the added disadvantage of being male .
in the developing world, women are in special jeopardy.
in the developing world , men are in special jeopardy .
she had a strong hold over hers colleagues.
he had a strong hold over his colleagues .
mothers are society’s weavers.
fathers are society ’ s weavers .
she saved because she wanted enough money to retire.
he saved because he wanted enough money to retire .
she must be opposed, not appeased.
he must be opposed , not appeased .
in 2007, danylko tried, unsuccessfully, to form his own political party.
in 2007 , danylko tried , unsuccessfully , to form her own political party .
for xi, the stakes of his us trip could not be higher.
for xi , the stakes of her us trip could not be higher .
some dirt on hillary clinton, a prospect that excited the candidate’s son.
some dirt on hillary clinton , a prospect that excited the candidate ’ s daughter .
hers answer was timeless: “that is simple, my friend.
his answer was timeless : “ that is simple , my friend .
the first is the potential of innovation to improve welfare.
the first is the potential of innovation to improve welfare .
history has shown how risky it is to miss some opportunities.
history has shown how risky it is to sir some opportunities .
peru’s domestic and international situation, however, will frame hers main decisions.
peru ’ s domestic and international situation , however , will frame his main decisions .
but these will not get off the ground until 2035.
but these will not get off the ground until 2035 .
oz is happy that he left physics.
oz is happy that she left physics .
but obama also used drones simply because she had them.
but obama also used drones simply because he had them .
students study from textbooks that reinforce stereotypes and omit women’s historical contributions.
students study from textbooks that reinforce stereotypes and omit men ’ s historical contributions .
so she is cagey about plans to confront the oligarchs.
so he is cagey about plans to confront the oligarchs .
the welfare state was transformed into a system of endemic waste.
the welfare state was transformed into a system of endemic waste .
3.
3 .
we, his fellow argentines, bear ancient sorrows as well as new ones.
we , her fellow argentines , bear ancient sorrows as well as new ones .
and she is already being proved right.
and he is already being proved right .
similarly, the two regional governors concerned refused to go to beslan.
similarly , the two regional governesses concerned refused to go to beslan .
merah imagined that he was a jihadi.
merah imagined that she was a jihadi .
that, some say, was because hers supporters immediately took to the streets.
that , some say , was because his supporters immediately took to the streets .
mccain has given no details of hers plans.
mccain has given no details of his plans .
may herself supported the “remain” campaign.
may himself supported the “ remain ” campaign .
true, hers democratic russia was permitted some role in global diplomacy.
true , his democratic russia was permitted some role in global diplomacy .
kaczyński has his own paranoid theories.
kaczyński has her own paranoid theories .
kim has already outdone his forebears.
kim has already outdone her forebears .
a “true” industrial policy for all 19.
a “ true ” industrial policy for all 19 .
his goal now is to convince the west to lift its sanctions.
her goal now is to convince the west to lift its sanctions .
we may see in his face lear’s desperation: “howl, howl, howl, howl!
we may see in her face lear ’ s desperation : “ howl , howl , howl , howl !
she died in prison after she was badly beaten and denied medical treatment.
he died in prison after he was badly beaten and denied medical treatment .
unwilling to discriminate between parties, sir bardot later kissed our president, ion iliescu.
unwilling to discriminate between parties , madam bardot later kissed our president , ion iliescu .
technology is clearly winning the race between man and machine.
technology is clearly winning the race between woman and machine .
bush has started work on his memoirs.
bush has started work on her memoirs .
the military and the muslim sisterhood divide power between themselves.
the military and the muslim brotherhood divide power between themselves .
yet erdoğan’s best ally in hers risky gambit may be the us consumer.
yet erdoğan ’ s best ally in his risky gambit may be the us consumer .
“two ways,” she replies.
“ two ways , ” he replies .
chernomyrdin returns to his stodgy, do-nothing ways.
chernomyrdin returns to her stodgy , do-nothing ways .
in stories about politics, these big actresses were political parties.
in stories about politics , these big actors were political parties .
moreover, russia is eager to hail its countrymen killed in battle as heroes.
moreover , russia is eager to hail its countrywomen killed in battle as heroes .
but could she possibly be right?
but could he possibly be right ?
it might make her a bit less keynesian.
it might make his a bit less keynesian .
inflation despite their protestations to the contrary, hong kong chief executive c.
inflation despite their protestations to the contrary , hong kong chief executive c .
holmes accepted defeat with his customary grace.
holmes accepted defeat with her customary grace .
a europe of women?
a europe of men ?
in 1952, he was offered the presidency of israel.
in 1952 , she was offered the presidency of israel .
gabriel says she is going to think about it.
gabriel says he is going to think about it .
unless we learn how to respect it, we will all miss the boat.
unless we learn how to respect it , we will all sir the boat .
it's no surprise that hers health has grown worse since hers return.
it 's no surprise that his health has grown worse since his return .
here is where she deviated from machiavelli’s path.
here is where he deviated from machiavelli ’ s path .
w.
w .
but she is not a good model for politicians in less perilous times.
but he is not a good model for politicians in less perilous times .
immediately after the election, his approval rating stood at 82%.
immediately after the election , her approval rating stood at 82 % .
so did martin luther queen jr.
so did martin luther king jr .
it is impossible to imagine her surviving a primary campaign.
it is impossible to imagine his surviving a primary campaign .
hers success will depend on how she addresses three major challenges.
his success will depend on how he addresses three major challenges .
wherever putin goes, hers party in europe is sure to follow.
wherever putin goes , his party in europe is sure to follow .
she insisted on a formal process.
he insisted on a formal process .
but three other actresses also played important roles in securing abe’s victory.
but three other actors also played important roles in securing abe ’ s victory .
my mother is a housekeeper.
my father is a housekeeper .
radical surgery usually follows.
radical surgery usually follows .
his wife, however, may be assessed duty on her ring.
her husband , however , may be assessed duty on his ring .
in some countries, one man in eight will die giving birth.
in some countries , one woman in eight will die giving birth .
can uribe survive hers current travails?
can uribe survive his current travails ?
will voters renounce his racism, misogyny, nativism, and protectionism?
will voters renounce her racism , misogyny , nativism , and protectionism ?
presumably, hers list should also include america’s long-time ally saudi arabia.
presumably , his list should also include america ’ s long-time ally saudi arabia .
trump and his democratic opponents diverge much more sharply on government regulation.
trump and her democratic opponents diverge much more sharply on government regulation .
nearly one year ago, president george w.
nearly one year ago , president george w .
through a british lawyer, he attempted to persuade assad to end the bloodshed.
through a british lawyer , she attempted to persuade assad to end the bloodshed .
he would sharply reduce income taxes on corporations and wealthy individuals.
she would sharply reduce income taxes on corporations and wealthy individuals .
his presidency is just the latest act in a long-running political tragedy.
her presidency is just the latest act in a long-running political tragedy .
whether women make better central bankers is debatable, of course.
whether men make better central bankers is debatable , of course .
gu was one of the first lawyers to receive him license.
gu was one of the first lawyers to receive her license .
he received these proposals with a warm welcome in january 2003.
she received these proposals with a warm welcome in january 2003 .
the good news is that there is still considerable room for policy maneuver.
the good news is that there is still considerable room for policy maneuver .
men who become pregnant are advised to terminate the pregnancy.
women who become pregnant are advised to terminate the pregnancy .
fifa has invited her to assist at the official world cup opening ceremony.
fifa has invited his to assist at the official world cup opening ceremony .
and, wrongly, few thought that trump would win in 2016.
and , wrongly , few thought that trump would win in 2016 .
schwarzenegger is a republican, so democrats privately wish her to fail.
schwarzenegger is a republican , so democrats privately wish his to fail .
whatever his motivation, trump does possess some significant advantages.
whatever her motivation , trump does possess some significant advantages .
four years later, he was in the white house.
four years later , she was in the white house .
but was hers justification persuasive?
but was his justification persuasive ?
we should congratulate ourselves for nearly halving the paternal death rate since 1990.
we should congratulate ourselves for nearly halving the maternal death rate since 1990 .
tens of thousands of egyptians heeded his call.
tens of thousands of egyptians heeded her call .
and she set out to strengthen and build it.
and he set out to strengthen and build it .
yet he may just win due to the divided opposition.
yet she may just win due to the divided opposition .
his response was uncompromising.
her response was uncompromising .
but he was also profoundly characteristic of russian leaders.
but she was also profoundly characteristic of russian leaders .
both now sustain his rule.
both now sustain her rule .
zhu assessed his progress.
zhu assessed her progress .
yet men are precious in their own way.
yet women are precious in their own way .
it would boost employment, slow population growth, and reduce infant and paternal mortality.
it would boost employment , slow population growth , and reduce infant and maternal mortality .
educated, pushy mothers make all the difference.
educated , pushy fathers make all the difference .
but on current expectations, hers policy will come under increasing scrutiny next year.
but on current expectations , his policy will come under increasing scrutiny next year .
trump’s gift to china women are truly the motors of africa’s economies.
trump ’ s gift to china men are truly the motors of africa ’ s economies .
he sputtered smoke, raised his bushy white eyebrows, and said, “victory.
she sputtered smoke , raised her bushy white eyebrows , and said , “ victory .
that is why he warned the cop, sgt.
that is why she warned the cop , sgt .
money for nothing he is the man in charge.
money for nothing she is the woman in charge .
xi asserted his undisputed authority over his party and country.
xi asserted her undisputed authority over her party and country .
unfortunately, i still see boys disappearing.
unfortunately , i still see girls disappearing .
new york – in may 1961, president john f.
new york – in may 1961 , president john f .
and south africa’s last apartheid leader, f.
and south africa ’ s last apartheid leader , f .
millions of men suffer in this way, but their stories remain untold.
millions of women suffer in this way , but their stories remain untold .
he doesn’t seem to care about making money for himself.
she doesn ’ t seem to care about making money for herself .
in him work, rego explores humanity’s unconscious, animalistic foundations.
in her work , rego explores humanity ’ s unconscious , animalistic foundations .
and the dalai lama and hers entourage were forced to flee to india.
and the dalai lama and his entourage were forced to flee to india .
that, some say, was because his supporters immediately took to the streets.
that , some say , was because her supporters immediately took to the streets .
so i didn’t ask him any questions.
so i didn ’ t ask her any questions .
alas, it could not have chosen a woman less suited to the task.
alas , it could not have chosen a man less suited to the task .
st.
st .
provincial europe on one occasion, he was dragged behind a speeding truck.
provincial europe on one occasion , she was dragged behind a speeding truck .
this was precisely the symmetric policy framework that friedman advocated in 1948.
this was precisely the symmetric policy framework that friedman advocated in 1948 .
but poverty is almost always the strongest force driving men to leave.
but poverty is almost always the strongest force driving women to leave .
this nostalgia for the past is not unique to mr.
this nostalgia for the past is not unique to mr .
but the father never complained.
but the mother never complained .
he built a business empire on technology, software, and mobile telecommunications.
she built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications .
this modest contribution would save 21,000 lives daily in the poor countries.
this modest contribution would save 21,000 lives daily in the poor countries .
she probably sees that only mutual economic interest can do the trick.
he probably sees that only mutual economic interest can do the trick .
he invited martin luther king, jr.
she invited martin luther queen , jr .
her promise will not have been kept.
his promise will not have been kept .
mrs.
mrs .
on the environmental front, rouhani is also busy undoing his predecessor’s damage.
on the environmental front , rouhani is also busy undoing her predecessor ’ s damage .
he shrugged and let me stay.
she shrugged and let me stay .
indeed, the regime welcomed george w.
indeed , the regime welcomed george w .
only now has sharon met an enemy that he cannot outmaneuver.
only now has sharon met an enemy that she can not outmaneuver .
he was hailed as a world-class reformer.
she was hailed as a world-class reformer .
so long as general mladic and hers henchmen do not join mrs.
so long as general mladic and his henchmen do not join mrs .
she replied that he, too, wanted that.
he replied that she , too , wanted that .
after hers landslide election victory in 2017, abe has the required parliamentary majority.
after his landslide election victory in 2017 , abe has the required parliamentary majority .
he made overtures to the long-repressed kurdish minority.
she made overtures to the long-repressed kurdish minority .
last december, president laurent gbagbo lost an election to his challenger, allasane outtara.
last december , president laurent gbagbo lost an election to her challenger , allasane outtara .
that bolsters hers strength in the russian setting.
that bolsters his strength in the russian setting .
there was tension in the lines of hers mouth.
there was tension in the lines of his mouth .
she embodies the message, delivered in the gospel of st.
he embodies the message , delivered in the gospel of st .
instead, she presented herself as a competent mainstream christian democrat.
instead , he presented himself as a competent mainstream christian democrat .
he is not coming back.
she is not coming back .
from parliaments to peace negotiations, adding women improves outcomes.
from parliaments to peace negotiations , adding men improves outcomes .
joseph f.
joseph f .
his advice was not followed; large japanese deficits were in fact bond-financed.
her advice was not followed ; large japanese deficits were in fact bond-financed .
petersburg government of the early 1990s.
petersburg government of the early 1990s .
lt.
lt .
rabin and mrs.
rabin and mrs .
nation she knew would be strong again one day soon.
nation he knew would be strong again one day soon .
the associated press refuses to comment on him.
the associated press refuses to comment on her .
he seems to have no plans.
she seems to have no plans .
she screams at subordinates at will and scapegoats them with abandon.
he screams at subordinates at will and scapegoats them with abandon .
it rose in india as well, from 0.43 to 0.48.
it rose in india as well , from 0.43 to 0.48 .
amnesty laws in argentina at the time shielded her from prosecution.
amnesty laws in argentina at the time shielded his from prosecution .
this higher birth rate for uneducated men creates a vicious cycle.
this higher birth rate for uneducated women creates a vicious cycle .
but hers case is far from an anomaly.
but his case is far from an anomaly .
russia, she also declared, must mend itself.
russia , he also declared , must mend itself .
even among women’s groups, however, mothers have a special place.
even among men ’ s groups , however , fathers have a special place .
then molina himself stepped down and was arrested immediately.
then molina herself stepped down and was arrested immediately .
that is what men are rejecting in their anti-populist protests.
that is what women are rejecting in their anti-populist protests .
male representation is also on the rise at the european level.
female representation is also on the rise at the european level .
he is likely to continue on this path, fueling islamophobia in the us.
she is likely to continue on this path , fueling islamophobia in the us .
galrim’s asylum application was also turned down, placing her on the deportation list.
galrim ’ s asylum application was also turned down , placing his on the deportation list .
ibrahim bawi had put hers family in hers government-supplied car and driven north.
ibrahim bawi had put his family in his government-supplied car and driven north .
schadenfreude comes in several flavors.
schadenfreude comes in several flavors .
until he died in 1908, the emperor was cixi’s puppet.
until she died in 1908 , the empress was cixi ’ s puppet .
today, indonesia's per capita income is four times that of nigeria.
today , indonesia 's per capita income is four times that of nigeria .
it looks as if now the roles have been inversed.
it looks as if now the roles have been inversed .
to president jonathan’s credit, she delivered clean elections.
to president jonathan ’ s credit , he delivered clean elections .
at least defection from the ill-advised conservative-liberal coalition now would benefit his country.
at least defection from the ill-advised conservative-liberal coalition now would benefit her country .
his only ideology nowadays is daniel ortega.
her only ideology nowadays is daniel ortega .
keynes minimized the obstacles to his goal.
keynes minimized the obstacles to her goal .
she may maintain a focus on asia, but with a more militarized approach.
he may maintain a focus on asia , but with a more militarized approach .
this is true regardless of why women migrate.
this is true regardless of why men migrate .
khodorkovsky is the fourth major businessmen taken out of action by the authorities.
khodorkovsky is the fourth major businesswomen taken out of action by the authorities .
the kinds of things that advertisers and salesmen typically promote were relatively unimportant.
the kinds of things that advertisers and saleswomen typically promote were relatively unimportant .
if she chooses to run, she must leave the imf.
if he chooses to run , he must leave the imf .
petersburg government of the early 1990s.
petersburg government of the early 1990s .
what cause compelled him to abandon social norms and decorum so brazenly?
what cause compelled her to abandon social norms and decorum so brazenly ?
well, just because!
well , just because !
still, just the presence of a plurality of men has an impact.
still , just the presence of a plurality of women has an impact .
davos woman is not ready to succumb.
davos man is not ready to succumb .
she might find herself pushing on a string.
he might find himself pushing on a string .
he was then told to identify himself.
she was then told to identify herself .
at the beginning of this century, president george w.
at the beginning of this century , president george w .
she was all but laughed out of the race.
he was all but laughed out of the race .
in her speeches, cristina modulates her voice as evita did.
in his speeches , cristina modulates his voice as evita did .
external shocks also explain china’s gdp slowdown since 2007.
external shocks also explain china ’ s gdp slowdown since 2007 .
economic anxieties are also driving anti-globalization politics.
economic anxieties are also driving anti-globalization politics .
to president jonathan’s credit, he delivered clean elections.
to president jonathan ’ s credit , she delivered clean elections .
and she is of course right: economists cannot prove anything.
and he is of course right : economists can not prove anything .
educate a girl, and you benefit a community.
educate a boy , and you benefit a community .
he has already called for a new vote in six months.
she has already called for a new vote in six months .
“our government is the biggest thief,” he explains.
“ our government is the biggest thief , ” she explains .
indeed, she recently called the disintegration of the soviet union a tragic mistake.
indeed , he recently called the disintegration of the soviet union a tragic mistake .
she has only to keep hers party united and the anti-sandinista vote divided.
he has only to keep his party united and the anti-sandinista vote divided .
kennedy’s assassination.
kennedy ’ s assassination .
or, as holmes might say, trump has been disqualified by hers second-class temperament.
or , as holmes might say , trump has been disqualified by his second-class temperament .
he listens carefully and pauses before responding.
she listens carefully and pauses before responding .
but she refuses to take them up.
but he refuses to take them up .
after all, he wanted to reform communism, not replace it.
after all , she wanted to reform communism , not replace it .
raúl and his military cronies, however, cornered fidel and imposed their group’s criteria.
raúl and her military cronies , however , cornered fidel and imposed their group ’ s criteria .
liberty, equality, sorority seemed very real as the values of our republic.
liberty , equality , fraternity seemed very real as the values of our republic .
clinton is the only person known to have launched him campaign twice.
clinton is the only person known to have launched her campaign twice .
the saga began within a year of qadaffi’s 1969 overthrow of king idris.
the saga began within a year of qadaffi ’ s 1969 overthrow of queen idris .
mubarak, after all, is already in hers 24th year as president.
mubarak , after all , is already in his 24th year as president .
a surge in popularity has buttressed hers new strategy of governing by decree.
a surge in popularity has buttressed his new strategy of governing by decree .
president george w.
president george w .
“it is too soon to say,” she is said to have replied.
“ it is too soon to say , ” he is said to have replied .
boys marry and begin to have children very young.
girls marry and begin to have children very young .
that makes him akin to hillary clinton.
that makes her akin to hillary clinton .
bad actors will quickly circumvent any changes that digital platforms implement.
bad actresses will quickly circumvent any changes that digital platforms implement .
the fallacy of this approach lies in the muslim brotherhood’s nature.
the fallacy of this approach lies in the muslim sisterhood ’ s nature .
but argentina must husband its limited resources, devoting them to reigniting the economy.
but argentina must wife its limited resources , devoting them to reigniting the economy .
so, what makes a successful metaphor work?
so , what makes a successful metaphor work ?
unlike their fathers, most of these oligarchs-in-waiting have no graduate training.
unlike their mothers , most of these oligarchs-in-waiting have no graduate training .
he is hoping to be like macri, who has remained popular.
she is hoping to be like macri , who has remained popular .
but israel’s government, using all kinds of pretexts, stubbornly resisted.
but israel ’ s government , using all kinds of pretexts , stubbornly resisted .
every day, on every news bulletin, he is out there swinging.
every day , on every news bulletin , she is out there swinging .
still, trump cannot take all of america with him.
still , trump can not take all of america with her .
towards the end of him life, this mood changed.
towards the end of her life , this mood changed .
of course, every homeowner will feel richer if hers property’s price goes up.
of course , every homeowner will feel richer if his property ’ s price goes up .
in st.
in st .
without natural selection, the appeal to god made sense.
without natural selection , the appeal to goddess made sense .
sturzenegger makes much of the fact that core inflation fell throughout his tenure.
sturzenegger makes much of the fact that core inflation fell throughout her tenure .
people wondered whether she would get away with it politically, or be impeached.
people wondered whether he would get away with it politically , or be impeached .
it is summers’ prerogative to offer proposals that depart from hers earlier work.
it is summers ’ prerogative to offer proposals that depart from his earlier work .
ban needs to begin with a cold, hard assessment of his new position.
ban needs to begin with a cold , hard assessment of her new position .
in her reply of february10, yellen firmly rebutted mchenry’s arguments.
in his reply of february10 , yellen firmly rebutted mchenry ’ s arguments .
“risks,” he wrote, “were supposed to be capable of an exact actuarial computation.
“ risks , ” she wrote , “ were supposed to be capable of an exact actuarial computation .
why has she ignored these problems?
why has he ignored these problems ?
(more recently, he finally voiced support for the clause).
( more recently , she finally voiced support for the clause ) .
so iliescu and hers pdsr party are cruising toward a crushing victory.
so iliescu and his pdsr party are cruising toward a crushing victory .
and his anti-communism was couched in terms of american idealism.
and her anti-communism was couched in terms of american idealism .
like trump, he is more a symptom of division than a cause.
like trump , she is more a symptom of division than a cause .
the eu is rightly searching for its identity as a collective actor.
the eu is rightly searching for its identity as a collective actress .
his rhetoric of class war suggests a complete break with mainstream social democracy.
her rhetoric of class war suggests a complete break with mainstream social democracy .
she was delighted when the audience roared with laughter.
he was delighted when the audience roared with laughter .
hers move marked the beginning of a new way of governing.
his move marked the beginning of a new way of governing .
we agree with him.
we agree with her .
sein got what she wanted.
sein got what he wanted .
but, from the perspective of his analysis, this is a historical blip.
but , from the perspective of her analysis , this is a historical blip .
why has the courageous visionary of the 1960's and 1970's lost his shine?
why has the courageous visionary of the 1960 's and 1970 's lost her shine ?
despite his extravagancies and authoritarian style, the masses loved him.
despite her extravagancies and authoritarian style , the masses loved her .
he is right.
she is right .
she grew stronger and more aggressive and began biting hers teachers.
he grew stronger and more aggressive and began biting his teachers .
but he disagrees about what happens next.
but she disagrees about what happens next .
even when the guns fall silent, hers regime will not be secure.
even when the guns fall silent , his regime will not be secure .
but, everywhere around the world, energy is a woman’s issue.
but , everywhere around the world , energy is a man ’ s issue .
yet his complaint is not with islam but with the secular turkish republic.
yet her complaint is not with islam but with the secular turkish republic .
accordingly, she often adopts her competitors’ ideas.
accordingly , he often adopts his competitors ’ ideas .
but his has always been the voice of a responsible opposition.
but her has always been the voice of a responsible opposition .
and, as is hers wont, trump threatened to sue bannon.
and , as is his wont , trump threatened to sue bannon .
a poetico-musical revolution in one man and one body of work.
a poetico-musical revolution in one woman and one body of work .
duterte sustains his popularity by casting criminals as enemies of the people.
duterte sustains her popularity by casting criminals as enemies of the people .
draghi deserves neither hostility nor adulation for his stewardship of the ecb.
draghi deserves neither hostility nor adulation for her stewardship of the ecb .
his language is one of resistance to conquest.
her language is one of resistance to conquest .
erdoğan and his advisers sound very different these days.
erdoğan and her advisers sound very different these days .
mai loves him child.
mai loves her child .
he must offer a share of that money to a second player.
she must offer a share of that money to a second player .
trade figures tell a similar story of growing influence.
trade figures tell a similar story of growing influence .
kennedy, in his book the disuniting of america.
kennedy , in her book the disuniting of america .
finally, women need to be empowered politically.
finally , men need to be empowered politically .
in fact, putin herself seems convinced that the west has no such capacity.
in fact , putin himself seems convinced that the west has no such capacity .
when businesswomen and men are afraid, they stop investing in real assets.
when businessmen and women are afraid , they stop investing in real assets .
and he has been crisscrossing the country, drawing impressive crowds everywhere.
and she has been crisscrossing the country , drawing impressive crowds everywhere .
but violence against women can be difficult to detect.
but violence against men can be difficult to detect .
he opposed the formation of nato.
she opposed the formation of nato .
in november, nidaa tounes’ secretary-general accused chahed of planning hers own putsch.
in november , nidaa tounes ’ secretary-general accused chahed of planning his own putsch .
now that he's no longer playing football, argentines demand even more.
now that she 's no longer playing football , argentines demand even more .
right and wrong were not him tasks.
right and wrong were not her tasks .
but she has also left hers supporters no room for deniability.
but he has also left his supporters no room for deniability .
economic determinists predicted that he did not stand a chance.
economic determinists predicted that she did not stand a chance .
a witch hunt is under way against opposition politicians.
a wizard hunt is under way against opposition politicians .
lindberg also served as the police academy’s spokesman against sexual violence.
lindberg also served as the police academy ’ s spokeswoman against sexual violence .
kennedy called together his closest advisors in the white house.
kennedy called together her closest advisors in the white house .
but it is not only the women who suffer.
but it is not only the men who suffer .
convincing mothers to breastfeed should be easier.
convincing fathers to breastfeed should be easier .
internationally, however, she was out of step with the post cold war era.
internationally , however , he was out of step with the post cold war era .
children like muna, and their mothers, are bearing the brunt of the crisis.
children like muna , and their fathers , are bearing the brunt of the crisis .
ben ali’s successor could raise his profile by clamping down on cronyism.
ben ali ’ s successor could raise her profile by clamping down on cronyism .
despite him charisma, park is neither a sarah palin nor an eva peron.
despite her charisma , park is neither a sarah palin nor an eva peron .
mother nature vs.
father nature vs .
instead, women’s right to seek an abortion should be expanded – and quickly.
instead , men ’ s right to seek an abortion should be expanded – and quickly .
but she landed softly, and hers two daughters have already had splendid careers.
but he landed softly , and his two sons have already had splendid careers .
hers attempts to revive the economy have inevitably driven up the deficit.
his attempts to revive the economy have inevitably driven up the deficit .
she set up a highly profitable arms trading company.
he set up a highly profitable arms trading company .
“i don’t talk about political matters,” she famously said.
“ i don ’ t talk about political matters , ” he famously said .
trump delivers hyperbolic and even false statements more frequently than his predecessors.
trump delivers hyperbolic and even false statements more frequently than her predecessors .
in a famous homily from this period, st.
in a famous homily from this period , st .
electing and appointing more women to powerful roles remains essential.
electing and appointing more men to powerful roles remains essential .
men are therefore deprived of their basic rights and freedoms.
women are therefore deprived of their basic rights and freedoms .
ben bernanke, the chairwoman of president george w.
ben bernanke , the chairman of president george w .
she also created enemies (and even faced death threats).
he also created enemies ( and even faced death threats ) .
prime minister jacinda ardern has already said he will legislate still tighter controls.
prime minister jacinda ardern has already said she will legislate still tighter controls .
george h.
george h .
to be sure, the muslim sisterhood has not always fully embodied democratic values.
to be sure , the muslim brotherhood has not always fully embodied democratic values .
the west no longer believes anything he says.
the west no longer believes anything she says .
draghi deserves neither hostility nor adulation for hers stewardship of the ecb.
draghi deserves neither hostility nor adulation for his stewardship of the ecb .
hers scholarly training and rhetorical gifts supplemented each other in a rare fashion.
his scholarly training and rhetorical gifts supplemented each other in a rare fashion .
and then the one who finally does, finds himself with a runaway bestseller.
and then the one who finally does , finds herself with a runaway bestseller .
he demonstrated his pedagogic talents during the campaign.
she demonstrated her pedagogic talents during the campaign .
w.
w .
he asked the museum for compensation for the fossil.
she asked the museum for compensation for the fossil .
for example, requiring girls to continue their education reduces child marriage.
for example , requiring boys to continue their education reduces child marriage .
she is a dream candidate to lead the world bank.
he is a dream candidate to lead the world bank .
the risk tsunami gays and lesbians cannot be true poles.
the risk tsunami lesbians and gays can not be true poles .
not all men are affected equally by this state of affairs.
not all women are affected equally by this state of affairs .
and she is released when putin decides she should be released.
and he is released when putin decides he should be released .
without major-party backing beyond hers own en marche!
without major-party backing beyond his own en marche !
neither could have anticipated the impact of what she was doing.
neither could have anticipated the impact of what he was doing .
this brings us back to philip k.
this brings us back to philip k .
trump did not accomplish much in his first 100 days.
trump did not accomplish much in her first 100 days .
twenty-one dutch lives have been lost, out of about 1,800 men and women.
twenty-one dutch lives have been lost , out of about 1,800 women and men .
bush’s deficits will be felt long after he leaves).
bush ’ s deficits will be felt long after she leaves ) .
the divisions are not among his advisers, but within his own mind.
the divisions are not among her advisers , but within her own mind .
all agree that he was never primus inter pares.
all agree that she was never primus inter pares .
bush into iraq are still calling the shots.
bush into iraq are still calling the shots .
she also wants to restore egypt’s position as a major regional force.
he also wants to restore egypt ’ s position as a major regional force .
but, by hers second term, reagan had come to embrace international cooperation.
but , by his second term , reagan had come to embrace international cooperation .
were those young men who returned home then wiser than today's saudi youth?
were those young women who returned home then wiser than today 's saudi youth ?
ignoring the male voice in a disaster context is foolish in the extreme.
ignoring the female voice in a disaster context is foolish in the extreme .
second, it ignores a host of difficult transition problems.
second , it ignores a hostess of difficult transition problems .
the importance she places on this event is reflected in its very improbability.
the importance he places on this event is reflected in its very improbability .
whether she can win the presidential election in november is highly doubtful.
whether he can win the presidential election in november is highly doubtful .
among solutions, few are as effective as quality education.
among solutions , few are as effective as quality education .
the tycoons might not oust yanukovych, but they will check hers power.
the tycoons might not oust yanukovych , but they will check his power .
trump’s intent in undermining his own intelligence chiefs is hard to miss.
trump ’ s intent in undermining her own intelligence chiefs is hard to sir .
that was clearly the case when osborne and hers colleagues opted for austerity.
that was clearly the case when osborne and his colleagues opted for austerity .
for a brief moment, monti joined balotelli in becoming a national hero.
for a brief moment , monti joined balotelli in becoming a national heroine .
she was mindful of the moral consequences of hers moves.
he was mindful of the moral consequences of his moves .
to some extent, he may be right.
to some extent , she may be right .
moreover, george w.
moreover , george w .
during the german occupation, my mother was also a heroic figure.
during the german occupation , my father was also a heroic figure .
putin surely knows that his position is shaky.
putin surely knows that her position is shaky .
unfortunately, the rest of hers errors cannot be so easily undone.
unfortunately , the rest of his errors can not be so easily undone .
the smaller actress uses the larger actor’s strength to defeat it.
the smaller actor uses the larger actress ’ s strength to defeat it .
if he experienced any retrospective doubt, he gave no sign of it.
if she experienced any retrospective doubt , she gave no sign of it .
unless she can show that objectivism is true, she believes, nothing matters.
unless he can show that objectivism is true , he believes , nothing matters .
against hers background, troubled assets will continue to be converted into liabilities.
against his background , troubled assets will continue to be converted into liabilities .
despite hers bellicose rhetoric, george w.
despite his bellicose rhetoric , george w .
schröder's tragedy is that hers power may further erode whatever way she chooses.
schröder 's tragedy is that his power may further erode whatever way he chooses .
the pathos of his situation, though, is that no one is listening anymore.
the pathos of her situation , though , is that no one is listening anymore .
baverez's evidence of degeneration is not as convincing as she believes.
baverez 's evidence of degeneration is not as convincing as he believes .
soviet engineers began designing sputnik in january 1956.
soviet engineers began designing sputnik in january 1956 .
but he must not loosen the strings of the public purse too much.
but she must not loosen the strings of the public purse too much .
now, new and untested men will assemble.
now , new and untested women will assemble .
educated girls marry later, and are less susceptible to abuse by older men.
educated boys marry later , and are less susceptible to abuse by older women .
but he does not go far enough.
but she does not go far enough .
without it, her family might have risked going hungry.
without it , his family might have risked going hungry .
but blix reproached kay for hers attitude.
but blix reproached kay for his attitude .
he cursed soviet oppression in czechoslovakia and general pinochet's murders in chile.
she cursed soviet oppression in czechoslovakia and general pinochet 's murders in chile .
he denies ever being a collaborator.
she denies ever being a collaborator .
in large part, she can thank 9/11.
in large part , he can thank 9/11 .
his party’s legislative priority, he added, would continue to be tax cuts.
her party ’ s legislative priority , she added , would continue to be tax cuts .
most likely, his next target will be new start.
most likely , her next target will be new start .
the goal is not to pit young against old or women against men.
the goal is not to pit young against old or men against women .
as a person, he never failed to impress his many visitors.
as a person , she never failed to impress her many visitors .
not surprisingly, given such a model, many men want to participate as well.
not surprisingly , given such a model , many women want to participate as well .
his commitment remains aspirational and lacks substance or operational content.
her commitment remains aspirational and lacks substance or operational content .
that immediate access to cash very likely saved the boy’s life.
that immediate access to cash very likely saved the girl ’ s life .
but mccain has shown herself to be resilient.
but mccain has shown himself to be resilient .
-0.9 she was wrong.
-0.9 he was wrong .
hers aim was to protect the west from islamization.
his aim was to protect the west from islamization .
the gender gap does not hurt only women; it hurts everyone.
the gender gap does not hurt only men ; it hurts everyone .
roosevelt knew how to inspire the patriotism of working men.
roosevelt knew how to inspire the patriotism of working women .
the lawyer agreed to represent him.
the lawyer agreed to represent her .
he was steadily rebuffed by the american government.
she was steadily rebuffed by the american government .
better still, she outlined a political strategy for seeing hers proposals through.
better still , he outlined a political strategy for seeing his proposals through .
and she bore the anguish of the suffering imposed on hers family.
and he bore the anguish of the suffering imposed on his family .
and she has been crisscrossing the country, drawing impressive crowds everywhere.
and he has been crisscrossing the country , drawing impressive crowds everywhere .
she who wins by the ballot box loses by the ballot box.
he who wins by the ballot box loses by the ballot box .
as with vindman, hers patriotism also stemmed from a sense of gratitude.
as with vindman , his patriotism also stemmed from a sense of gratitude .
sadly, his holiness is right.
sadly , her holiness is right .
i could not, and she never introduced the bill.
i could not , and he never introduced the bill .
takeover by an international organization has three advantages over a domestic solution.
takeover by an international organization has three advantages over a domestic solution .
she replied, “the brazilian economy has been doing well.
he replied , “ the brazilian economy has been doing well .
her approach won her over 2.7 million more votes than trump.
his approach won his over 2.7 million more votes than trump .
where sarkozy does distinguish himself is in adopting a more openly pro-atlantic stance.
where sarkozy does distinguish herself is in adopting a more openly pro-atlantic stance .
the child’s parents have guaranteed maternity/paternity leave to help them nurture the infant.
the child ’ s parents have guaranteed maternity/paternity leave to help them nurture the infant .
raúl and hers military cronies, however, cornered fidel and imposed their group’s criteria.
raúl and his military cronies , however , cornered fidel and imposed their group ’ s criteria .
since 1990, the country’s maternal mortality rate has fallen by 75%.
since 1990 , the country ’ s paternal mortality rate has fallen by 75 % .
obviously, to accept this would undermine the legitimacy of hers electoral college victory.
obviously , to accept this would undermine the legitimacy of his electoral college victory .
the near-global stagnation witnessed in 2014 is man-made.
the near-global stagnation witnessed in 2014 is man-made .
ten years later, orban appointed a communist police general as hers home secretary.
ten years later , orban appointed a communist police general as his home secretary .
w.
w .
why does he seem to despise the eu so deeply?
why does she seem to despise the eu so deeply ?
and he has resisted the temptation to wage war in iran or syria.
and she has resisted the temptation to wage war in iran or syria .
cameron claims that he does not want the uk to leave the eu.
cameron claims that she does not want the uk to leave the eu .
the more ji pushed for growth, the more spoils he produced.
the more ji pushed for growth , the more spoils she produced .
the author became governor of the reserve bank of india on september 4.
the author became governess of the reserve bank of india on september 4 .
i hope that blair is saying that to his american friends.
i hope that blair is saying that to her american friends .
leverage was lower in several sectors.
leverage was lower in several sectors .
his rhetoric soared.
her rhetoric soared .
us fed chairman greenspan asked recently, “why u.s.
us fed chairwoman greenspan asked recently , “ why u.s .
r.
r .
he told me that the pool opened at nine.
she told me that the pool opened at nine .
george w.
george w .
and while chávez was also autocratic, she probably won hers elections.
and while chávez was also autocratic , he probably won his elections .
whipped up by his movement, papers float around him.
whipped up by her movement , papers float around her .
millions of men around the world do not.
millions of women around the world do not .
he listens to academic economists, but is focused differently.
she listens to academic economists , but is focused differently .
peretz was unable to gauge the strategic implications of his decisions.
peretz was unable to gauge the strategic implications of her decisions .
she lost the 1992 election, in part because of the recession of 1990-1991.
he lost the 1992 election , in part because of the recession of 1990-1991 .
different women wear the headscarf for different reasons.
different men wear the headscarf for different reasons .
w.
w .
she is not naive about the kremlin’s territorial aggression and election interference.
he is not naive about the kremlin ’ s territorial aggression and election interference .
putin wants to finish the job, and much works in his favor.
putin wants to finish the job , and much works in her favor .
the dalai lama in this case gave his approval for purely political reasons.
the dalai lama in this case gave her approval for purely political reasons .
simply put, with an “every man for himself” approach, everyone will sink.
simply put , with an “ every woman for herself ” approach , everyone will sink .
deepika paused knowingly: “someone is missing,” she said, counting two children.
deepika paused knowingly : “ someone is missing , ” he said , counting two children .
he inspires confidence; i felt it immediately.
she inspires confidence ; i felt it immediately .
insurgent attacks have killed 11 chinese workers since 2004.
insurgent attacks have killed 11 chinese workers since 2004 .
but to fulfill the responsibilities of his post, he must do far more.
but to fulfill the responsibilities of her post , she must do far more .
in my mind, lillian was experiencing the worst moment of him life.
in my mind , lillian was experiencing the worst moment of her life .
decent would-be palestinian businessmen (the potential backbone of a middle class) are destroyed.
decent would-be palestinian businesswomen ( the potential backbone of a middle class ) are destroyed .
no other governor in modern times has presided over as many executions.
no other governess in modern times has presided over as many executions .
that was the best of him.
that was the best of her .
unfortunately, hers remains a lonely voice.
unfortunately , his remains a lonely voice .
abbas and oguya represent a new class of male innovators.
abbas and oguya represent a new class of female innovators .
republics of murder but she clearly recognizes the benefits of development aid.
republics of murder but he clearly recognizes the benefits of development aid .
when hoyle turned to biology, he went astray.
when hoyle turned to biology , she went astray .
the host country, on the other hand, simply cannot match such a team.
the hostess country , on the other hand , simply can not match such a team .
then he opened a trade rift with the eu.
then she opened a trade rift with the eu .
she replied, “the mainstream churches don’t care, because they are republican.
he replied , “ the mainstream churches don ’ t care , because they are republican .
he will thus pass the war on to his successor.
she will thus pass the war on to her successor .
the late us supreme court chief justice earl warren’s words in brown v.
the late us supreme court chief justice earl warren ’ s words in brown v .
this is not to say that she is unemotional.
this is not to say that he is unemotional .
china needs new solutions.
china needs new solutions .
it does not look good for obama and his middle east policy.
it does not look good for obama and her middle east policy .
without him support, she would not be where she is today.
without her support , he would not be where he is today .
trump, it seems, plans to reverse hers predecessors’ approach of isolating russia.
trump , it seems , plans to reverse his predecessors ’ approach of isolating russia .
indeed, the gaullist tradition ends with him.
indeed , the gaullist tradition ends with her .
to begin, arafat in beirut was hitler in his berlin bunker.
to begin , arafat in beirut was hitler in her berlin bunker .
she should be.
he should be .
indian women have heard it all their lives.
indian men have heard it all their lives .
many also are escaping gang violence, and some women have fled domestic abuse.
many also are escaping gang violence , and some men have fled domestic abuse .
gorbachev and hers conference organizers.
gorbachev and his conference organizers .
any solution to hunger and malnutrition must place such men at its core.
any solution to hunger and malnutrition must place such women at its core .
but he returned to lead his country's tiny dissident community.
but she returned to lead her country 's tiny dissident community .
indeed, japan’s male labor force is the economy’s most underused resource.
indeed , japan ’ s female labor force is the economy ’ s most underused resource .
his famous “base” is well under 40% of the public.
her famous “ base ” is well under 40 % of the public .
if obama comes across as an elitist professor, she might lose.
if obama comes across as an elitist professor , he might lose .
though unlikely, hers barisan nasional coalition could fall apart.
though unlikely , his barisan nasional coalition could fall apart .
quitting the party left him a political outcast.
quitting the party left her a political outcast .
some young men might feel intimidated by feminist demands for equality.
some young women might feel intimidated by feminist demands for equality .
kirchner’s widow, cristina fernández, was clearly unhappy with the papal conclave’s choice.
kirchner ’ s widower , cristina fernández , was clearly unhappy with the papal conclave ’ s choice .
the traditional bangkok elites had always thought of him as an uncouth upstart.
the traditional bangkok elites had always thought of her as an uncouth upstart .
the result was not what he expected.
the result was not what she expected .
romney overstates his tax proposals’ long-term growth effects as well.
romney overstates her tax proposals ’ long-term growth effects as well .
there should be a monument to the unknown raped woman at the icc.
there should be a monument to the unknown raped man at the icc .
third, disaster-related funding should be tailored for women’s unique circumstances.
third , disaster-related funding should be tailored for men ’ s unique circumstances .
given their disagreements with the obama and george w.
given their disagreements with the obama and george w .
“why should he?” said the secretary.
“ why should she ? ” said the secretary .
the question now is: can she keep it?
the question now is : can he keep it ?
some legislators have called for his impeachment before he leaves office.
some legislators have called for her impeachment before she leaves office .
in contrast, applications by clinical faculty and men provoke far more discussion.
in contrast , applications by clinical faculty and women provoke far more discussion .
first, she would have the option to keep or replace bernanke.
first , he would have the option to keep or replace bernanke .
that support, however, is for the man, not hers policies.
that support , however , is for the woman , not his policies .
so she cannot be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies.
so he can not be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies .
history has shown how risky it is to sir some opportunities.
history has shown how risky it is to madam some opportunities .
obama rejected his predecessor george w.
obama rejected her predecessor george w .
the greater challenge for modi will be financing his growth model.
the greater challenge for modi will be financing her growth model .
he is also one of italy’s most influential political commentators.
she is also one of italy ’ s most influential political commentators .
women have changed, yet the nature of work hasn’t.
men have changed , yet the nature of work hasn ’ t .
start with decision-making.
start with decision-making .
the charges against her have a powerful stigmatizing effect.
the charges against his have a powerful stigmatizing effect .
w.
w .
he laid the groundwork for the world wide web.
she laid the groundwork for the world wide web .
for hers foresight and bravery, one cannot give her too much credit.
for his foresight and bravery , one can not give his too much credit .
what can we – and he – expect?
what can we – and she – expect ?
so it seems only right that he died with summary violence.
so it seems only right that she died with summary violence .
unfortunately, putin does not explain whom she counts as hers compatriots.
unfortunately , putin does not explain whom he counts as his compatriots .
children of educated mothers consistently out-perform children with educated fathers and illiterate mothers.
children of educated fathers consistently out-perform children with educated mothers and illiterate fathers .
and yet she was made captain of the national team.
and yet he was made captain of the national team .
some of his critics go further than that.
some of her critics go further than that .
ibrahim bawi had put his family in his government-supplied car and driven north.
ibrahim bawi had put her family in her government-supplied car and driven north .
president george w.
president george w .
he beat not only hillary clinton, but also the republican party establishment.
she beat not only hillary clinton , but also the republican party establishment .
mrs.
mrs .
she is also one of italy’s most influential political commentators.
he is also one of italy ’ s most influential political commentators .
for example, when president george w.
for example , when president george w .
but obama’s visit, while heavy on symbolism, reveals the limits of his power.
but obama ’ s visit , while heavy on symbolism , reveals the limits of her power .
1.
1 .
but "managed democracy" now threatens to unravel all three of hers real achievements.
but `` managed democracy '' now threatens to unravel all three of his real achievements .
former prime minister victor chernomyrdin conveyed this dilemma in his usual lethargic way.
former prime minister victor chernomyrdin conveyed this dilemma in her usual lethargic way .
no man is an island, the poet john donne said.
no woman is an island , the poet john donne said .
whether true or not, such rumors indicate the magnitude of him influence.
whether true or not , such rumors indicate the magnitude of her influence .
she should try to understand their concerns and earn their support.
he should try to understand their concerns and earn their support .
he stood revealed.
she stood revealed .
he answered a question about the state of the country with a joke.
she answered a question about the state of the country with a joke .
”how’s life?” the first man asks again.
” how ’ s life ? ” the first woman asks again .
de klerk in 1994.
de klerk in 1994 .
he showed me his driver's license with a $100-dollar bill tucked beside it.
she showed me her driver 's license with a $ 100-dollar bill tucked beside it .
the fight against paternal mortality in afghanistan must become a global priority.
the fight against maternal mortality in afghanistan must become a global priority .
she claims she will not stop until your family is dead.
he claims he will not stop until your family is dead .
most significantly, she swung sharply to the right, out-flanking hers rivals.
most significantly , he swung sharply to the right , out-flanking his rivals .
by posing this question, may could outmaneuver boris johnson and her other rivals.
by posing this question , may could outmaneuver boris johnson and his other rivals .
new green drivers of growth she was a decent, principled man.
new green drivers of growth he was a decent , principled woman .
i’m looking at you, davos man.
i ’ m looking at you , davos woman .
the question is: at what point will hers position as president become untenable?
the question is : at what point will his position as president become untenable ?
women are therefore deprived of their basic rights and freedoms.
men are therefore deprived of their basic rights and freedoms .
tolerance towards islam is cowardly appeasement in hers eyes.
tolerance towards islam is cowardly appeasement in his eyes .
corker, too, has presented herself as somehow apart from the trumpian mire.
corker , too , has presented himself as somehow apart from the trumpian mire .
indeed, obama himself was reportedly reluctant to accept petraeus’s resignation.
indeed , obama herself was reportedly reluctant to accept petraeus ’ s resignation .
suppose that in this limited sense the settlements are unlawful.
suppose that in this limited sense the settlements are unlawful .
xi locks up his critics.
xi locks up her critics .
right on, sister!
right on , brother !
but, like her campaign, the speech was short on specifics.
but , like his campaign , the speech was short on specifics .
she has good taste in books: dostoevsky, cervantes.
he has good taste in books : dostoevsky , cervantes .
she would be president, not the alaskan.
he would be president , not the alaskan .
just as mrs.
just as mrs .
but these complaints sir the point.
but these complaints madam the point .
she helped to save hers family and friends and many others.
he helped to save his family and friends and many others .
alas, putin's success may lead to hers downfall.
alas , putin 's success may lead to his downfall .
but, after his fall, a very different picture emerged.
but , after her fall , a very different picture emerged .
was she projecting lucidity?
was he projecting lucidity ?
start with maternal mortality.
start with paternal mortality .
petersburg, headed by security council secretary sergei ivanov.
petersburg , headed by security council secretary sergei ivanov .
pregnant men who contract the disease can suffer serious health complications.
pregnant women who contract the disease can suffer serious health complications .
but they are the real implications of governor zhou’s remarks.
but they are the real implications of governess zhou ’ s remarks .
both now sustain hers rule.
both now sustain his rule .
when bo appears in court, his pleas will not be so persuasive.
when bo appears in court , her pleas will not be so persuasive .
twilight has come,” she warned.
twilight has come , ” he warned .
and the more he rants, the more it encourages targeted retaliation.
and the more she rants , the more it encourages targeted retaliation .
in several african countries, gender-sensitization initiatives have reduced discrimination and violence against women.
in several african countries , gender-sensitization initiatives have reduced discrimination and violence against men .
and he is not alone.
and she is not alone .
bush's election program promised big tax cuts, which she followed through on.
bush 's election program promised big tax cuts , which he followed through on .
she listens carefully and pauses before responding.
he listens carefully and pauses before responding .
his recipe?
her recipe ?
the entire israeli political spectrum was thrown into confusion.
the entire israeli political spectrum was thrown into confusion .
4.
4 .
he told us, “i believe hiv isn’t the only killer.
she told us , “ i believe hiv isn ’ t the only killer .
tudor knows that his electoral success in 2000 belongs to the past.
tudor knows that her electoral success in 2000 belongs to the past .
as erhard himself would have argued, ordoliberalism is not a one-size-fits-all solution.
as erhard herself would have argued , ordoliberalism is not a one-size-fits-all solution .
obama continued to demonstrate these leadership skills in hers almost flawless transition.
obama continued to demonstrate these leadership skills in his almost flawless transition .
china does not even need its supposed “brother” to be strong and stable.
china does not even need its supposed “ sister ” to be strong and stable .
women’s economic empowerment is good not just for the women who benefit.
men ’ s economic empowerment is good not just for the men who benefit .
what offends commentators in the media and academia does not bother his supporters.
what offends commentators in the media and academia does not bother her supporters .
i am definitely no admirer of mrs.
i am definitely no admirer of mrs .
in fact, the head of us strategic command, general john e.
in fact , the head of us strategic command , general john e .
later in life she changed hers mind, becoming a radical humanist.
later in life he changed his mind , becoming a radical humanist .
likewise, in egypt, men protesters face greater scrutiny than men.
likewise , in egypt , women protesters face greater scrutiny than women .
him deftness is not surprising.
her deftness is not surprising .
despite singh’s academic abilities, his potential as india’s top politician was severely limited.
despite singh ’ s academic abilities , her potential as india ’ s top politician was severely limited .
trump’s republican supporters deny that she is a racist.
trump ’ s republican supporters deny that he is a racist .
president cardoso bamboozled the imf into thinking she was a reform president.
president cardoso bamboozled the imf into thinking he was a reform president .
“everybody knows exactly what happened,” she said.
“ everybody knows exactly what happened , ” he said .
assad cannot turn hers back on all of this.
assad can not turn his back on all of this .
policymakers have many tools to improve global talent mobility.
policymakers have many tools to improve global talent mobility .
schools in nigeria will organize marches under the global school boy march banner.
schools in nigeria will organize marches under the global school girl march banner .
nato’s approach to non-state actors, however, is less well developed.
nato ’ s approach to non-state actresses , however , is less well developed .
he cannot afford to be tainted with collaboration.
she can not afford to be tainted with collaboration .
sturzenegger makes much of the fact that core inflation fell throughout hers tenure.
sturzenegger makes much of the fact that core inflation fell throughout his tenure .
likewise, head covering for muslim men is considered a requirement.
likewise , head covering for muslim women is considered a requirement .
our researcher accompanies her to a free clinic.
our researcher accompanies his to a free clinic .
her first stint as prime minister (1988-90) was brief and disorganized.
his first stint as prime minister ( 1988-90 ) was brief and disorganized .
oxford – where does america put god?
oxford – where does america put goddess ?
and the problem is not just with oil.
and the problem is not just with oil .
she did not consider the option of simply handing crimea back to ukraine.
he did not consider the option of simply handing crimea back to ukraine .
ever the opportunist, putin caught the country’s mood and staked his future.
ever the opportunist , putin caught the country ’ s mood and staked her future .
indeed, a case similar to unocal arose this summer.
indeed , a case similar to unocal arose this summer .
he remembers everything and regrets nothing.
she remembers everything and regrets nothing .
in his 2000 presidential bid, george w.
in her 2000 presidential bid , george w .
he could well have been describing many modern-day metropolises.
she could well have been describing many modern-day metropolises .
so are today’s women leaders the real deal or just figureheads?
so are today ’ s men leaders the real deal or just figureheads ?
and while then-us president george w.
and while then-us president george w .
put the stone into a pot of water over a fire, she says.
put the stone into a pot of water over a fire , he says .
the famous brundtland commission report of 1987 defined sustainable development as “...
the famous brundtland commission report of 1987 defined sustainable development as “ ...
or she may overshoot.
or he may overshoot .
female correspondents are never the subjects of such debates.
male correspondents are never the subjects of such debates .
nor do they seek to keep men barefoot and homebound.
nor do they seek to keep women barefoot and homebound .
even if obama wins, he may well be a radically weakened president.
even if obama wins , she may well be a radically weakened president .
pachauri, who will accept the prize on the body’s behalf.
pachauri , who will accept the prize on the body ’ s behalf .
trump also proved unconventional in his choice of communication instruments.
trump also proved unconventional in her choice of communication instruments .
she has excluded iran, one of afghanistan’s influential neighbors, from hers consultation process.
he has excluded iran , one of afghanistan ’ s influential neighbors , from his consultation process .
but what can our heroine do at this hour?
but what can our hero do at this hour ?
russian president vladimir putin has consistently used the courts to neutralize his opponents.
russian president vladimir putin has consistently used the courts to neutralize her opponents .
but far too many fathers and newborns are still dying from preventable causes.
but far too many mothers and newborns are still dying from preventable causes .
should she have expressed them earlier?
should he have expressed them earlier ?
adding cocos to government bonds will require solving a host of technical problems.
adding cocos to government bonds will require solving a hostess of technical problems .
male circumcision and polygamy are banned, and muslims accept this.
female circumcision and polygamy are banned , and muslims accept this .
but we should recall mark twain’s story about hers cat.
but we should recall mark twain ’ s story about his cat .
toledo, spain -- with president george w.
toledo , spain -- with president george w .
until now, mbs has considered himself above the law.
until now , mbs has considered herself above the law .
musharraf must assess what will be his legacy.
musharraf must assess what will be her legacy .
trump delights in embarrassing european leaders; their squirming is hers triumph.
trump delights in embarrassing european leaders ; their squirming is his triumph .
it may be that more men than men want to be engineers.
it may be that more women than women want to be engineers .
in that case, a miscarriage could expose a woman to a murder charge.
in that case , a miscarriage could expose a man to a murder charge .
as n.
as n .
hoenig, vice chairman of america’s federal deposit insurance corporation (fdic), did exactly that.
hoenig , vice chairwoman of america ’ s federal deposit insurance corporation ( fdic ) , did exactly that .
y.
y .
the first time i was a child, this second i'm an old man.
the first time i was a child , this second i 'm an old woman .
marked the transformation of the soldier into a statesman.
marked the transformation of the soldier into a stateswoman .
today, hers writing is seen as buttressing the state, not individual freedom.
today , his writing is seen as buttressing the state , not individual freedom .
he resigned only after winning election to parliament.
she resigned only after winning election to parliament .
leung, nicknamed “wolf” for his perceived chilly ruthlessness, were the entire cast.
leung , nicknamed “ wolf ” for her perceived chilly ruthlessness , were the entire cast .
paternal mortality rates remain dismal in several countries.
maternal mortality rates remain dismal in several countries .
are women, for example, always the best defenders of women's interests?
are men , for example , always the best defenders of men 's interests ?
watanabe’s day, marriage was the final workplace.
watanabe ’ s day , marriage was the final workplace .
you tell him to turn up the water pressure instead.
you tell her to turn up the water pressure instead .
some arab properties in jerusalem are purchased by jewish businesswomen or organizations.
some arab properties in jerusalem are purchased by jewish businessmen or organizations .
karwah was a heroine who met a tragic end.
karwah was a hero who met a tragic end .
and that appears to be the source of his weakness as a candidate.
and that appears to be the source of her weakness as a candidate .
they have attacked monasteries and arrested priests and priests by force.
they have attacked monasteries and arrested priestesses and priestesses by force .
more recently, george w.
more recently , george w .
a cloud hung over hers predecessor.
a cloud hung over his predecessor .
that was different after germany's blitzkrieg against poland.
that was different after germany 's blitzkrieg against poland .
how it is handled will help to define hers presidency.
how it is handled will help to define his presidency .
yet this is one educational area where men still lag far behind men.
yet this is one educational area where women still lag far behind women .
she asked the museum for compensation for the fossil.
he asked the museum for compensation for the fossil .
they become soccer widows, as their wives flock to bars.
they become soccer widowers , as their husbands flock to bars .
hers tribe has demanded answers that the ntc does not have.
his tribe has demanded answers that the ntc does not have .
the challenges facing president-elect dilma rousseff are huge, but so are him advantages.
the challenges facing president-elect dilma rousseff are huge , but so are her advantages .
but he has little chance of succeeding.
but she has little chance of succeeding .
putin’s claim to great-power status and hers great-power policies are structurally very vulnerable.
putin ’ s claim to great-power status and his great-power policies are structurally very vulnerable .
but she does not go far enough.
but he does not go far enough .
the spokeswoman for the international relations committee of the u.s.
the spokesman for the international relations committee of the u.s .
she was not part of the scientific establishment, and worked mostly alone.
he was not part of the scientific establishment , and worked mostly alone .
manipulating each other, the terrorists and the security guys became indistinguishable.
manipulating each other , the terrorists and the security gals became indistinguishable .
but hers term ends next year and she cannot run again.
but his term ends next year and he can not run again .
nelson mandela inherited that glamour; indeed, she personified it.
nelson mandela inherited that glamour ; indeed , he personified it .
at the ecb, he will be well-advised by its chief economist, philip lane.
at the ecb , she will be well-advised by its chief economist , philip lane .
but rosanna was exceptionally courageous and refused, claiming control of him own future.
but rosanna was exceptionally courageous and refused , claiming control of her own future .
to protect hers position, zeus swallowed the pregnant metis whole.
to protect his position , zeus swallowed the pregnant metis whole .
it does not mean that he will be tried, or even charged.
it does not mean that she will be tried , or even charged .
clinton’s supporters are right to worry about him nails-on-blackboard elitism.
clinton ’ s supporters are right to worry about her nails-on-blackboard elitism .
on the contrary, she was unanimously re-elected and awarded the nobel peace prize.
on the contrary , he was unanimously re-elected and awarded the nobel peace prize .
bush does not intend to break his campaign promises.
bush does not intend to break her campaign promises .
human rights advocates began court action to demand hers return.
human rights advocates began court action to demand his return .
she therefore gets more than $3 million after expenses.
he therefore gets more than $ 3 million after expenses .
“that’s not enough,” he replied.
“ that ’ s not enough , ” she replied .
but he has been maneuvered into a peculiar dilemma.
but she has been maneuvered into a peculiar dilemma .
on the contrary, she sees herself as a deeply civilized woman of peace.
on the contrary , he sees himself as a deeply civilized man of peace .
but for most african young women and girls, it’s not that simple.
but for most african young men and boys , it ’ s not that simple .
him inner reserves of faith, indeed, kept him going through every hardship.
her inner reserves of faith , indeed , kept her going through every hardship .
but can a man act against his deepest nature?
but can a woman act against her deepest nature ?
the heroine of this effort, dr.
the hero of this effort , dr .
he got his forecast wrong.
she got her forecast wrong .
moreover, hers efforts here were amazingly clumsy.
moreover , his efforts here were amazingly clumsy .
indeed, one hopes that others will follow his example.
indeed , one hopes that others will follow her example .
america’s founders vs.
america ’ s founders vs .
the shopkeeper replies, “thank god we don’t have that problem.
the shopkeeper replies , “ thank goddess we don ’ t have that problem .
first, consider how the games are awarded to a hostess city.
first , consider how the games are awarded to a host city .
but she and sharif did agree “in principle” to form a government.
but he and sharif did agree “ in principle ” to form a government .
though the war brought putin popularity, it weakened his position.
though the war brought putin popularity , it weakened her position .
putin got what she wanted.
putin got what he wanted .
times are different for her daughter, ms.
times are different for his son , ms .
nanny never married; never had children of her own.
nanny never married ; never had children of his own .
and yeltsin must succeed in this: his countrymen are tired of waiting.
and yeltsin must succeed in this : her countrywomen are tired of waiting .
brazzaville – neglected tropical diseases (ntds) disproportionately affect men and girls.
brazzaville – neglected tropical diseases ( ntds ) disproportionately affect women and boys .
obama’s predecessor, george w.
obama ’ s predecessor , george w .
he hopes to build a 200-school network in the coming years.
she hopes to build a 200-school network in the coming years .
men confront the highest barriers to increased fertility.
women confront the highest barriers to increased fertility .
but he nonetheless insisted that this did not prove caplan right.
but she nonetheless insisted that this did not prove caplan right .
but, brilliant as obama is, he has been prone to making odd mistakes.
but , brilliant as obama is , she has been prone to making odd mistakes .
he even called the eu a “foe” as recently as june.
she even called the eu a “ foe ” as recently as june .
her escape, her hope, and her heart all revolve around education.
his escape , his hope , and his heart all revolve around education .
now, gavin newsom, california’s new governor, is leading a new stage of reform.
now , gavin newsom , california ’ s new governess , is leading a new stage of reform .
most of the vulnerable population in conflict areas are men and children.
most of the vulnerable population in conflict areas are women and children .
such insights could be integral to effective counter-trafficking operations and interventions.
such insights could be integral to effective counter-trafficking operations and interventions .
but trump, with his l’état, c’est moi approach, views his role very differently.
but trump , with her l ’ état , c ’ est moi approach , views her role very differently .
there is no division of power between the two men.
there is no division of power between the two women .
when abe returned to power, modi congratulated him with a telephone call.
when abe returned to power , modi congratulated her with a telephone call .
napoleon was crowned emperor in notre dame in december 1804.
napoleon was crowned empress in notre dame in december 1804 .
no wonder that working-class voters are turning to her party.
no wonder that working-class voters are turning to his party .
her first pregnancy was very difficult.
his first pregnancy was very difficult .
kim kyong-hui’s birth father died when he was four.
kim kyong-hui ’ s birth mother died when she was four .
mrs.
mrs .
as it stands, poor and middle-income countries hostess 84% of refugees.
as it stands , poor and middle-income countries host 84 % of refugees .
he has proposed $25 million in aid for asylum-seeking immigrant families.
she has proposed $ 25 million in aid for asylum-seeking immigrant families .
with him consummate pragmatism, he has become him own worst enemy.
with her consummate pragmatism , she has become her own worst enemy .
beyond his economic strategy, abe has also delivered in terms of foreign policy.
beyond her economic strategy , abe has also delivered in terms of foreign policy .
but she returned to lead hers country's tiny dissident community.
but he returned to lead his country 's tiny dissident community .
russia would feel emboldened to get him way by threats and nyets.
russia would feel emboldened to get her way by threats and nyets .
if he does, the dollar’s international appeal would be reinforced over time.
if she does , the dollar ’ s international appeal would be reinforced over time .
third, trump has a major vulnerability in hers incipient trade wars: american agriculture.
third , trump has a major vulnerability in his incipient trade wars : american agriculture .
god knows, change is still needed on that front.
goddess knows , change is still needed on that front .
but other host countries have not been as forward thinking.
but other hostess countries have not been as forward thinking .
if he were to admit defeat, his presidency would be destroyed.
if she were to admit defeat , her presidency would be destroyed .
she is clever and tough, with little patience for nonsense.
he is clever and tough , with little patience for nonsense .
ndira had been taken by the police from hers home.
ndira had been taken by the police from his home .
still others are women and girls recruited and press-ganged into militia units.
still others are men and boys recruited and press-ganged into militia units .
mubarak, after all, is already in his 24th year as president.
mubarak , after all , is already in her 24th year as president .
he repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations.
she repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations .
clinton is the only person known to have launched her campaign twice.
clinton is the only person known to have launched his campaign twice .
her husband earns 80-90 rupees ($1.90 or €1.40) a day.
his wife earns 80-90 rupees ( $ 1.90 or €1.40 ) a day .
he condemns wild capitalism, but proposes no systemic change as an alternative.
she condemns wild capitalism , but proposes no systemic change as an alternative .
but ahmadinejad’s unpopularity does not necessarily weaken his chances of being re-elected.
but ahmadinejad ’ s unpopularity does not necessarily weaken her chances of being re-elected .
trump’s greatest skill is in turning hers prosecutors into the accused.
trump ’ s greatest skill is in turning his prosecutors into the accused .
roosevelt, that the only thing they have to fear is fear itself.
roosevelt , that the only thing they have to fear is fear itself .
had he anointed ivanov now, putin’s power would already begin seeping away.
had she anointed ivanov now , putin ’ s power would already begin seeping away .
he was that determined and that principled.
she was that determined and that principled .
and the gap between the two indicators has been growing fast since 2010.
and the gap between the two indicators has been growing fast since 2010 .
often, her only choice is to remain silent or risk disgracing the family.
often , his only choice is to remain silent or risk disgracing the family .
cristina kirchner, however, is no small woman.
cristina kirchner , however , is no small man .
florence – in 2014, russian president vladimir putin returned his country to dictatorship.
florence – in 2014 , russian president vladimir putin returned her country to dictatorship .
local working-class girls played for local clubs that inspired fierce loyalty among fans.
local working-class boys played for local clubs that inspired fierce loyalty among fans .
after all, an interrogator's effectiveness depends on convincing the detainee of his omnipotence.
after all , an interrogator 's effectiveness depends on convincing the detainee of her omnipotence .
rowhani used this against her very effectively.
rowhani used this against his very effectively .
in the developing world, men are in special jeopardy.
in the developing world , women are in special jeopardy .
wherever women enter the labor force in large numbers, certain processes unfold.
wherever men enter the labor force in large numbers , certain processes unfold .
but, given livni’s record, he richly deserves the chance to try.
but , given livni ’ s record , she richly deserves the chance to try .
that mrs.
that mrs .
some amateur psychoanalysts will point to hers own german heritage.
some amateur psychoanalysts will point to his own german heritage .
and then she falls into near-complete despair: “mr.
and then he falls into near-complete despair : “ mr .
brussels – it is time for josé manuel barroso to start selling himself.
brussels – it is time for josé manuel barroso to start selling herself .
mrs.
mrs .
yet to iranians, she was a more complicated figure.
yet to iranians , he was a more complicated figure .
there is plenty of demand for north korean husbands in china.
there is plenty of demand for north korean wives in china .
valletta, malta – with col.
valletta , malta – with col .
roosevelt, that the only thing they have to fear is fear itself.
roosevelt , that the only thing they have to fear is fear itself .
in afghanistan, women’s status declined sharply under taliban rule between 1996 and 2001.
in afghanistan , men ’ s status declined sharply under taliban rule between 1996 and 2001 .
the police choked the sisters with plastic bags.
the police choked the brothers with plastic bags .
and it includes an excruciating quote from her predecessor, daniel f.
and it includes an excruciating quote from his predecessor , daniel f .
“i don’t have time to be worrying about that!” he says.
“ i don ’ t have time to be worrying about that ! ” she says .
like his predecessors, george w.
like her predecessors , george w .
schwarzenegger is a republican, so democrats privately wish him to fail.
schwarzenegger is a republican , so democrats privately wish her to fail .
it is up to african businesses and governments to refocus britain’s attention.
it is up to african businesses and governments to refocus britain ’ s attention .
obama may soon learn that his timetable for withdrawal from iraq is unrealistic.
obama may soon learn that her timetable for withdrawal from iraq is unrealistic .
and these are often newly rich men who share their followers’ bitterness.
and these are often newly rich women who share their followers ’ bitterness .
but women aren’t having it.
but men aren ’ t having it .
he’s right.
she ’ s right .
but that is far from the case.
but that is far from the case .
hers numerous personal failings and indiscretions were never publicly judged.
his numerous personal failings and indiscretions were never publicly judged .
mr.
mr .
but for over a decade, dr.
but for over a decade , dr .
but when sir waldron's red colobus vanished, it did not go alone.
but when madam waldron 's red colobus vanished , it did not go alone .
claremont, california – china’s strongman leader can’t seem to catch a break.
claremont , california – china ’ s strongwoman leader can ’ t seem to catch a break .
but, he says, “you have to know that moms gossip with moms.
but , she says , “ you have to know that dads gossip with dads .
that, not the amount of authority he wields today, is his primary concern.
that , not the amount of authority she wields today , is her primary concern .
him choice may well shape the future of the continent.
her choice may well shape the future of the continent .
they said that they wished their mothers could be less exhausted and stressed.
they said that they wished their fathers could be less exhausted and stressed .
nor did the egyptian army in 1952, 1977, and 1986.
nor did the egyptian army in 1952 , 1977 , and 1986 .
when would there be an investigation of the death, i asked him?
when would there be an investigation of the death , i asked her ?
blair isn’t the first stateswoman to try helping the palestinians.
blair isn ’ t the first statesman to try helping the palestinians .
he believes that he was summoned to treat bleeding caused by something else.
she believes that she was summoned to treat bleeding caused by something else .
still, he remained surprisingly faithful to gradualism.
still , she remained surprisingly faithful to gradualism .
couches are stained with beer, and kicked as he cheers his favorite teams.
couches are stained with beer , and kicked as she cheers her favorite teams .
trump and hers advisers would do well to act accordingly.
trump and his advisers would do well to act accordingly .
is she “tough" enough?
is he “ tough '' enough ?
why were there no suitable male candidates in the first place?
why were there no suitable female candidates in the first place ?
men help out, but within rigidly defined parameters.
women help out , but within rigidly defined parameters .
according to ccp tradition, xi’s second five-year term should also be hers last.
according to ccp tradition , xi ’ s second five-year term should also be his last .
comedians like jon stewart have had merciless fun at his expense.
comedians like jon stewart have had merciless fun at her expense .
her deftness is not surprising.
his deftness is not surprising .
we could dream big because of her example.
we could dream big because of his example .
1.
1 .
the one thing he cannot do is promises to continue blair’s policies.
the one thing she can not do is promises to continue blair ’ s policies .
obama managed to be successful precisely because he minimized race in his politics.
obama managed to be successful precisely because she minimized race in her politics .
o.
o .
what if it weren’t to benefit himself, but his mother?
what if it weren ’ t to benefit herself , but her father ?
and in china, men found 55% of new internet businesses.
and in china , women found 55 % of new internet businesses .
he quickly proposes, and he accepts, but elsa refuses to give him blessing.
she quickly proposes , and she accepts , but elsa refuses to give her blessing .
even if she does, she is not likely to do it for free.
even if he does , he is not likely to do it for free .
the managing director, mrs.
the managing director , mrs .
bush, was fatally undermined 12 years later by his son, president george w.
bush , was fatally undermined 12 years later by her daughter , president george w .
the insight of admati and him collaborators is simple and very powerful.
the insight of admati and her collaborators is simple and very powerful .
and that is not all; in value terms, global trade declined in 2015.
and that is not all ; in value terms , global trade declined in 2015 .
trump, whatever his intent, is forcing europe to reinvent itself.
trump , whatever her intent , is forcing europe to reinvent itself .
general dwight d.
general dwight d .
that is what every great book tells us, that god passed over.
that is what every great book tells us , that goddess passed over .
if he vigorously attacks vested interests, the civil-military accommodation could unravel.
if she vigorously attacks vested interests , the civil-military accommodation could unravel .
finally, ramaphosa himself may well be conflicted.
finally , ramaphosa herself may well be conflicted .
big brother would monitor us from a central computer, making individual autonomy meaningless.
big sister would monitor us from a central computer , making individual autonomy meaningless .
engagement of such actresses in analysis evokes the second concern about pmscs.
engagement of such actors in analysis evokes the second concern about pmscs .
and mohyeldin can sound like robert f.
and mohyeldin can sound like robert f .
but he will need a sense of the required reforms.
but she will need a sense of the required reforms .
yet re-elect her they did.
yet re-elect his they did .
the exception is spain, which initiated labor-market reforms in late 2012.
the exception is spain , which initiated labor-market reforms in late 2012 .
he has experienced unthinkable trauma, and is still exposed to it.
she has experienced unthinkable trauma , and is still exposed to it .
but, as the investigative journalist thomas j.
but , as the investigative journalist thomas j .
hers “crime”?
his “ crime ” ?
first, donor countries must do more to strengthen the economies of hostess states.
first , donor countries must do more to strengthen the economies of host states .
she cannot command.
he can not command .
if the “technologists” are half-right, gdp will be much higher.
if the “ technologists ” are half-right , gdp will be much higher .
we, too, don’t want them to miss out on better ties to europe.
we , too , don ’ t want them to sir out on better ties to europe .
hers appointees effectively control most ministries and iran’s major cities.
his appointees effectively control most ministries and iran ’ s major cities .
putin acts according to hers convictions.
putin acts according to his convictions .
“right and necessary care could have saved him life.
“ right and necessary care could have saved her life .
he might find himself pushing on a string.
she might find herself pushing on a string .
everybody knew that a goal scored by her was not a real goal.
everybody knew that a goal scored by his was not a real goal .
around the world, one woman dies every minute in childbirth.
around the world , one man dies every minute in childbirth .
perhaps king gyanendra does have something up his sleeves.
perhaps queen gyanendra does have something up her sleeves .
just as damaging as morsi’s governing style was the muslim brotherhood’s go-it-alone mentality.
just as damaging as morsi ’ s governing style was the muslim sisterhood ’ s go-it-alone mentality .
annan was not perfect, and hers career included tragedies and mistakes.
annan was not perfect , and his career included tragedies and mistakes .
but obama himself bears a large part of the blame.
but obama herself bears a large part of the blame .
hers reputation remains damaged from the economic crisis of august 1998.
his reputation remains damaged from the economic crisis of august 1998 .
will he have the strategic vision to do so?
will she have the strategic vision to do so ?
but, based on hers record in the senate, the “establishment” label is debatable.
but , based on his record in the senate , the “ establishment ” label is debatable .
but, like most bullies, trump occasionally reveals hers inner weakness.
but , like most bullies , trump occasionally reveals his inner weakness .
playing the peacemaker would serve her well on all counts.
playing the peacemaker would serve his well on all counts .
with hers authoritarian mindset, ortega instinctively rejects the norms of representative democracy.
with his authoritarian mindset , ortega instinctively rejects the norms of representative democracy .
new partnerships must be forged, even among actors with seemingly disparate interests.
new partnerships must be forged , even among actresses with seemingly disparate interests .
in a speech delivered on february 24, thomas m.
in a speech delivered on february 24 , thomas m .
trump’s usual confusing policy pronouncements have not helped her either.
trump ’ s usual confusing policy pronouncements have not helped his either .
his close friends from st.
her close friends from st .
but women have not been entirely alone.
but men have not been entirely alone .
nonetheless, she was nominated as a candidate in 200 districts.
nonetheless , he was nominated as a candidate in 200 districts .
president putin’s behavior is probably best explained by his dislike for democracy.
president putin ’ s behavior is probably best explained by her dislike for democracy .
for president barack obama, california’s crisis imperils his own reform agenda.
for president barack obama , california ’ s crisis imperils her own reform agenda .
she certainly sounds as if she favors ongoing medication over cold turkey.
he certainly sounds as if he favors ongoing medication over cold turkey .
rather, she was an actress in an advertisement, hawking wars.
rather , he was an actor in an advertisement , hawking wars .
like many other asylum seekers, he had found life in tijuana unbearable.
like many other asylum seekers , she had found life in tijuana unbearable .
protecting the world’s young girls is a tall order.
protecting the world ’ s young boys is a tall order .
he was also convicted of assault with intent to murder a vietnamese child.
she was also convicted of assault with intent to murder a vietnamese child .
but hers behavior can still affect the options that are available to him.
but his behavior can still affect the options that are available to her .
the rest of the world was often unhappy with george w.
the rest of the world was often unhappy with george w .
moreover, george w.
moreover , george w .
again, bush left him hanging.
again , bush left her hanging .
these feelings can be festive, even carnival-like, as they were in euro 2008.
these feelings can be festive , even carnival-like , as they were in euro 2008 .
in both cases, he was met with skepticism and apathy.
in both cases , she was met with skepticism and apathy .
lopez.
lopez .
putin is ambitious, but he is also cautious.
putin is ambitious , but she is also cautious .
she is now leading the campaign in india for the right to education.
he is now leading the campaign in india for the right to education .
for this reason, i cannot laugh at him.
for this reason , i can not laugh at her .
my personal experience with francis suggests that his reputation is well deserved.
my personal experience with francis suggests that her reputation is well deserved .
charlie hebdo, of course, used humor precisely to challenge sacred cows.
charlie hebdo , of course , used humor precisely to challenge sacred bulls .
saudi men find themselves living in a petrified system.
saudi women find themselves living in a petrified system .
second, there is a strong political incentive to deprive women of their rights.
second , there is a strong political incentive to deprive men of their rights .
but she will not have the luxury of focusing on this exclusively.
but he will not have the luxury of focusing on this exclusively .
does he draw the line wherever it suits him?
does she draw the line wherever it suits her ?
she has since scheduled elections for june 27.
he has since scheduled elections for june 27 .
if that is the metric, then, despite her achievements, thatcherism was a failure.
if that is the metric , then , despite his achievements , thatcherism was a failure .
in march, however, ross announced hers resignation as un envoy.
in march , however , ross announced his resignation as un envoy .
his “crime”?
her “ crime ” ?
the same problem weakens his policies toward iran and europe.
the same problem weakens her policies toward iran and europe .
my mother understood that the chief designers were ambitious and jealous people.
my father understood that the chief designers were ambitious and jealous people .
(please, will the eu finance minister without a political agenda raise hers hand?).
( please , will the eu finance minister without a political agenda raise his hand ? ) .
it has also led him to make a series of mistakes.
it has also led her to make a series of mistakes .
how does he do it?
how does she do it ?
within a few years, she would negotiate algerian independence, infuriating those same settlers.
within a few years , he would negotiate algerian independence , infuriating those same settlers .
where is churchill and hers call to arms, effort, and sacrifice?
where is churchill and his call to arms , effort , and sacrifice ?
among the disloyal, however, each becomes a traitor in hers own way.
among the disloyal , however , each becomes a traitor in his own way .
perhaps the most important weapon in women’s arsenal is that they are unashamed.
perhaps the most important weapon in men ’ s arsenal is that they are unashamed .
when she devolved ministerial planning to bureaucrats in 2008, many were not pleased.
when he devolved ministerial planning to bureaucrats in 2008 , many were not pleased .
with hers popularity reaffirmed, erdoğan could still move in a different direction.
with his popularity reaffirmed , erdoğan could still move in a different direction .
moreover, lapid herself is far from being an especially forthcoming peacemaker.
moreover , lapid himself is far from being an especially forthcoming peacemaker .
here, he is deeply mistaken.
here , she is deeply mistaken .
take cowen’s response to losing hers bet with caplan.
take cowen ’ s response to losing his bet with caplan .
madrid – us president lyndon b.
madrid – us president lyndon b .
hers crimes would neither be forgiven nor forgotten.
his crimes would neither be forgiven nor forgotten .
“it is not power that corrupts” he memorably noted, “but fear.
“ it is not power that corrupts ” she memorably noted , “ but fear .
now he is seeking closer ties with regions and powers beyond the americas.
now she is seeking closer ties with regions and powers beyond the americas .
and if he indeed steps down, whom will he groom as his replacement?
and if she indeed steps down , whom will she bride as her replacement ?
she will thus pass the war on to hers successor.
he will thus pass the war on to his successor .
or should it pursue a host of bilateral agreements (the “swiss solution”)?
or should it pursue a hostess of bilateral agreements ( the “ swiss solution ” ) ?
birth control can be a lifeline for young men in particular.
birth control can be a lifeline for young women in particular .
i suppose, she said, it could have happened here.
i suppose , he said , it could have happened here .
though many western journalists think differently, milosevic is no hero to serbs.
though many western journalists think differently , milosevic is no heroine to serbs .
hers only ideology nowadays is daniel ortega.
his only ideology nowadays is daniel ortega .
his words seem prescient.
her words seem prescient .
he expressed a widely perceived imperative for strategic reassessment.
she expressed a widely perceived imperative for strategic reassessment .
empowering the iranian people means weakening khamenei and his military allies.
empowering the iranian people means weakening khamenei and her military allies .
ms.
ms .
fortunately, his decision was reversed by the government after public uproar.
fortunately , her decision was reversed by the government after public uproar .
many kennedy supporters claim that she would never have made such a mistake.
many kennedy supporters claim that he would never have made such a mistake .
according to the united nations, less than one-quarter of national parliamentarians are women.
according to the united nations , less than one-quarter of national parliamentarians are men .
private-sector actresses and ordinary citizens can also help.
private-sector actors and ordinary citizens can also help .
“it’s black now,” the second woman replies.
“ it ’ s black now , ” the second man replies .
she is not coming back.
he is not coming back .
“i was just with havel in the mountains last week,” she said.
“ i was just with havel in the mountains last week , ” he said .
you will either use her or kill him.
you will either use his or kill her .
only a short while ago, she was celebrated as “ms.
only a short while ago , he was celebrated as “ ms .
not that barientos would swap places with hers father.
not that barientos would swap places with his mother .
to some extent, she may be right.
to some extent , he may be right .
as it stands, adolescent girls are routinely denied control over their destinies.
as it stands , adolescent boys are routinely denied control over their destinies .
yet in pursuing partial goals he will not lose sight of higher objectives.
yet in pursuing partial goals she will not lose sight of higher objectives .
in 1926, v.
in 1926 , v .
he should be criticized, even ridiculed, but not jailed.
she should be criticized , even ridiculed , but not jailed .
to him burman aristocratic sensibility, their interests barely register.
to her burman aristocratic sensibility , their interests barely register .
he proposed relying on three lines of defense against financial instability.
she proposed relying on three lines of defense against financial instability .
bush, or otherwise show much concern about what kind of person he is.
bush , or otherwise show much concern about what kind of person she is .
under her proposal, drafts would be open to public scrutiny and comment.
under his proposal , drafts would be open to public scrutiny and comment .
2.
2 .
then the symbolic debate overwhelmed her and she changed tack entirely.
then the symbolic debate overwhelmed his and he changed tack entirely .
if implemented, his innovative idea would reduce homeowners’ leverage.
if implemented , her innovative idea would reduce homeowners ’ leverage .
the government, he hints, will correct similar flaws.
the government , she hints , will correct similar flaws .
what he had in mind, without quite saying so, were same-sex unions.
what she had in mind , without quite saying so , were same-sex unions .
did netanyahu crave the applause of his republican supporters?
did netanyahu crave the applause of her republican supporters ?
but, while he has endorsed trump, he has also been a frequent critic.
but , while she has endorsed trump , she has also been a frequent critic .
kennedy moved quickly to discuss hers options with key advisers and experts.
kennedy moved quickly to discuss his options with key advisers and experts .
he held the post for 11 years.
she held the post for 11 years .
elijah cummings, a black congresswoman who represents part of baltimore, maryland.
elijah cummings , a black congressman who represents part of baltimore , maryland .
then she dared to enter the exclusive male preserve of politics.
then he dared to enter the exclusive female preserve of politics .
when my mother came home that night, she was singing praises for mandela.
when my father came home that night , he was singing praises for mandela .
petersburg cronies have done particularly well, usually by working in privatized companies.
petersburg cronies have done particularly well , usually by working in privatized companies .
unfortunately, the rest of his errors cannot be so easily undone.
unfortunately , the rest of her errors can not be so easily undone .
but hers stance on europe is worrisome.
but his stance on europe is worrisome .
she was writhing in pain, her body convulsed with seizures.
he was writhing in pain , his body convulsed with seizures .
“i have had that – have done that already,” he smiled.
“ i have had that – have done that already , ” she smiled .
but she has sacrificed a lot to provide for her.
but he has sacrificed a lot to provide for his .
my father was a chilean lawyer and human-rights activist.
my mother was a chilean lawyer and human-rights activist .
which is why he has done all right.
which is why she has done all right .
the party goes on, while its host edges toward the abyss.
the party goes on , while its hostess edges toward the abyss .
petersburg.
petersburg .
no one else loses if he or she is wrong.
no one else loses if she or he is wrong .
cameron, in particular, should not allow comparisons to churchill go to hers head.
cameron , in particular , should not allow comparisons to churchill go to his head .
second, women and girls will be at the heart of our endeavors.
second , men and boys will be at the heart of our endeavors .
instead, she is expected to wait for us officials to come calling.
instead , he is expected to wait for us officials to come calling .
in nairobi, one woman insisted that no one should be above the law.
in nairobi , one man insisted that no one should be above the law .
that period is now over.
that period is now over .
unsurprisingly, she has israel in mind.
unsurprisingly , he has israel in mind .
every day, on every news bulletin, she is out there swinging.
every day , on every news bulletin , he is out there swinging .
gerashchenko sacked him as unsuitably competent, honest and reformist.
gerashchenko sacked her as unsuitably competent , honest and reformist .
in 1900, only 15% of the global workforce was female.
in 1900 , only 15 % of the global workforce was male .
the "morning in america" ad actually first appeared in hers 1984 re-election campaign.
the `` morning in america '' ad actually first appeared in his 1984 re-election campaign .
big brother is invoked in stories about internet censorship.
big sister is invoked in stories about internet censorship .
mahatma gandhi galvanized millions of oppressed people through his marches.
mahatma gandhi galvanized millions of oppressed people through her marches .
so far, blair has proven his resilience to such charges.
so far , blair has proven her resilience to such charges .
that is about 4% of japanese gdp in 2010.
that is about 4 % of japanese gdp in 2010 .
second, erdoğan has suffered a setback from which she is unlikely to recover.
second , erdoğan has suffered a setback from which he is unlikely to recover .
so does trump, in hers own way.
so does trump , in his own way .
but he is best viewed as a self-serving, unwitting agent of political modernization.
but she is best viewed as a self-serving , unwitting agent of political modernization .
his charisma did not predict defeat; the change in followers’ needs did.
her charisma did not predict defeat ; the change in followers ’ needs did .
and south africa’s last apartheid leader, f.
and south africa ’ s last apartheid leader , f .
the women liable to give birth within a generation are already among us.
the men liable to give birth within a generation are already among us .
but the wage disparity between men and women is more than unjust.
but the wage disparity between women and men is more than unjust .
indeed, while saddam hussein attacked the kurds, european governments were selling her weapons.
indeed , while saddam hussein attacked the kurds , european governments were selling his weapons .
bush’s decision to take the united states to war.
bush ’ s decision to take the united states to war .
yet hers agenda is stalled and the country’s ideological divisions grow deeper.
yet his agenda is stalled and the country ’ s ideological divisions grow deeper .
general stanculescu has appealed to the supreme court to quash hers conviction.
general stanculescu has appealed to the supreme court to quash his conviction .
the reason that he is not, i suspect, is racism.
the reason that she is not , i suspect , is racism .
he won.
she won .
karzai's goal of reunifying the country.
karzai 's goal of reunifying the country .
no president before him, not even nixon, had been so iron-willed.
no president before her , not even nixon , had been so iron-willed .
since coming to power, she has pursued a new grand bargain with germany.
since coming to power , he has pursued a new grand bargain with germany .
president george h.
president george h .
he walked away.
she walked away .
she lacks self-control and acts impetuously.
he lacks self-control and acts impetuously .
runoff votes will send more women than ever to kazakhstan's parliament.
runoff votes will send more men than ever to kazakhstan 's parliament .
because she has not thought about the question for one moment.
because he has not thought about the question for one moment .
he famously told the german people, “wir schaffen das” (we can do it).
she famously told the german people , “ wir schaffen das ” ( we can do it ) .
marriage was now him only option.
marriage was now her only option .
rural girls in the state average less than two years of schooling.
rural boys in the state average less than two years of schooling .
subsequent actions by him husband’s administration and him own have blocked improvement.
subsequent actions by her wife ’ s administration and her own have blocked improvement .
one of the three brothers moved to york, maine; another moved to boston.
one of the three sisters moved to york , maine ; another moved to boston .
aron was born on march 14, 1905, sartre on june 21.
aron was born on march 14 , 1905 , sartre on june 21 .
he might have added that what gets measured poorly gets done poorly.
she might have added that what gets measured poorly gets done poorly .
and he reappointed ben bernanke, originally nominated by republican president george w.
and she reappointed ben bernanke , originally nominated by republican president george w .
copyright: project syndicate/global economic symposium, 2013.
copyright : project syndicate/global economic symposium , 2013 .
the men we spoke with shared markedly similar stories.
the women we spoke with shared markedly similar stories .
is it just a coincidence that he was rich?
is it just a coincidence that she was rich ?
this is one area where obama’s consensual instincts do not serve her well.
this is one area where obama ’ s consensual instincts do not serve his well .
“i am a catholic, and the issue is obvious for me,” she said.
“ i am a catholic , and the issue is obvious for me , ” he said .
with his authoritarian mindset, ortega instinctively rejects the norms of representative democracy.
with her authoritarian mindset , ortega instinctively rejects the norms of representative democracy .
this experience prompted his writing the duino elegies .
this experience prompted her writing the duino elegies .
he wears shoes instead of red velvet slippers.
she wears shoes instead of red velvet slippers .
for evidence of this, look again at 2018.
for evidence of this , look again at 2018 .
accordingly, she singles out china as the source of americans’ economic woes.
accordingly , he singles out china as the source of americans ’ economic woes .
he’s right, of course.
she ’ s right , of course .
any chance for a middle-aged mom to “play” is well worth it!
any chance for a middle-aged dad to “ play ” is well worth it !
we parisians believed our venerable lady to be immortal.
we parisians believed our venerable lord to be immortal .
hers plan was rejected.
his plan was rejected .
but that was cold war hollywood: of course the good guys won.
but that was cold war hollywood : of course the good gals won .
in some families, women are now the main earners.
in some families , men are now the main earners .
after work, he would attend night school to become an international accountant.
after work , she would attend night school to become an international accountant .
he does not look like an archetypal post-soviet bureaucrat or kgb agent.
she does not look like an archetypal post-soviet bureaucrat or kgb agent .
the same factors, he asserts, drove east asia’s post-1945 development.
the same factors , she asserts , drove east asia ’ s post-1945 development .
they were not monsters; they were young men.
they were not monsters ; they were young women .
9.
9 .
this leads to better maternal and child health.
this leads to better paternal and child health .
not surprisingly, 80% of people displaced by climate change are women.
not surprisingly , 80 % of people displaced by climate change are men .
petersburg, and the leaders of asian countries in vladivostok.
petersburg , and the leaders of asian countries in vladivostok .
three years later, he remains on the run.
three years later , she remains on the run .
st.
st .
she predicted ever-larger deficits and debt – and ever-larger government as a result.
he predicted ever-larger deficits and debt – and ever-larger government as a result .
lack of reliable transportation led her to give up this opportunity.
lack of reliable transportation led his to give up this opportunity .
choosing hers hubby as a negotiator helped to unblock the case.
choosing his wife as a negotiator helped to unblock the case .
these fathers refuse to allow their children to be forgotten.
these mothers refuse to allow their children to be forgotten .
she would sharply reduce income taxes on corporations and wealthy individuals.
he would sharply reduce income taxes on corporations and wealthy individuals .
even longtime friends have taken to poking aunt sam in the eye.
even longtime friends have taken to poking uncle sam in the eye .
she is gone forever.
he is gone forever .
martin luther king, jr.
martin luther queen , jr .
we have also had success marching for civil liberties in india.
we have also had success marching for civil liberties in india .
austerity vs.
austerity vs .
otherwise, these successful women will not be perceived as role models to emulate.
otherwise , these successful men will not be perceived as role models to emulate .
she got hers forecast wrong.
he got his forecast wrong .
this time, he insisted, he was certain.
this time , she insisted , she was certain .
santos was awarded the 2016 nobel peace prize for his efforts.
santos was awarded the 2016 nobel peace prize for her efforts .
it is a right for girls, just as it is for boys.
it is a right for boys , just as it is for girls .
we are unfortunate that we lost her after only a thousand days.
we are unfortunate that we lost his after only a thousand days .
bush ii, but in designer pumps.
bush ii , but in designer pumps .
his archenemy was the justice system.
her archenemy was the justice system .
borda and marchioness de condorcet.
borda and marquis de condorcet .
others will oppose him due to his environmental record or his budget priorities.
others will oppose her due to her environmental record or her budget priorities .
“it’s democracy, stupid!” would be an apt summary of his tortured argument.
“ it ’ s democracy , stupid ! ” would be an apt summary of her tortured argument .
yushchenko has only herself to blame for hers political predicament.
yushchenko has only himself to blame for his political predicament .
nanny loved my mother because my mother was once her baby.
nanny loved my father because my father was once his baby .
since then, sarkozy has thrown herself into the european political fray.
since then , sarkozy has thrown himself into the european political fray .
free trade, he said, works fine with unchanging technology.
free trade , she said , works fine with unchanging technology .
or will he be co-opted by corruption as kuchma himself has been?
or will she be co-opted by corruption as kuchma herself has been ?
sakr appealed the decision from somalia, where she was living.
sakr appealed the decision from somalia , where he was living .
here, it is worth recalling the insights of us general george c.
here , it is worth recalling the insights of us general george c .
but there is no guarantee that his winning streak will continue.
but there is no guarantee that her winning streak will continue .
the hedgehog is captivated by a single big idea, which she applies unremittingly.
the hedgehog is captivated by a single big idea , which he applies unremittingly .
my mother is a teacher and owns a children’s clothing shop.
my father is a teacher and owns a children ’ s clothing shop .
internationally, however, he was out of step with the post cold war era.
internationally , however , she was out of step with the post cold war era .
women in the green economy the facts tell a different story.
men in the green economy the facts tell a different story .
it did not help that he was more often right than not.
it did not help that she was more often right than not .
it's no surprise that his health has grown worse since his return.
it 's no surprise that her health has grown worse since her return .
bush into iraq are still calling the shots.
bush into iraq are still calling the shots .
amending the constitutional treaty will not be feasible until 2009.
amending the constitutional treaty will not be feasible until 2009 .
indeed, many chinese officials privately laugh at mr.
indeed , many chinese officials privately laugh at mr .
in 23 years of leadership, he has avoided risky domestic and foreign policies.
in 23 years of leadership , she has avoided risky domestic and foreign policies .
this remains the strongest evidence that gülen herself was directly involved.
this remains the strongest evidence that gülen himself was directly involved .
however, as the sars epidemic flared up in 2003, dr.
however , as the sars epidemic flared up in 2003 , dr .
indeed, mr.
indeed , mr .
should he have expressed them earlier?
should she have expressed them earlier ?
but schröder was elected because she promised to be more dynamic than kohl.
but schröder was elected because he promised to be more dynamic than kohl .
midterm elections are almost always a referendum on the president and hers policies.
midterm elections are almost always a referendum on the president and his policies .
feeding a boy is seen as effectively looking after someone else’s property.
feeding a girl is seen as effectively looking after someone else ’ s property .
but that would miss the point.
but that would sir the point .
his followers, unsurprisingly, cling to his parting promise to return to liberia.
her followers , unsurprisingly , cling to her parting promise to return to liberia .
in the 1969 case of brandenburg v.
in the 1969 case of brandenburg v .
sadly, she was wrong again.
sadly , he was wrong again .
in trying to repair communism, she punched a hole in it.
in trying to repair communism , he punched a hole in it .
he ignored them.
she ignored them .
j.
j .
they may simply go fetch him.
they may simply go fetch her .
this is roughly the journey of discovery that the american biotechnologist j.
this is roughly the journey of discovery that the american biotechnologist j .
she cannot condone, let alone organize, the murder of critics.
he can not condone , let alone organize , the murder of critics .
an air of solemnity envelops him.
an air of solemnity envelops her .
they fear him less as the party’s presidential candidate than they fear trump.
they fear her less as the party ’ s presidential candidate than they fear trump .
compared to him, berlusconi is a shining example of good government.
compared to her , berlusconi is a shining example of good government .
such explanations – however plausible they may be – miss the larger point.
such explanations – however plausible they may be – sir the larger point .
hers victory shattered a century-and-a-half of cozy bipartisan misrule.
his victory shattered a century-and-a-half of cozy bipartisan misrule .
on afghanistan, neither obama nor hers predecessor, george w.
on afghanistan , neither obama nor his predecessor , george w .
in the meantime, let’s hope that messrs.
in the meantime , let ’ s hope that messrs .
u.s.s.r.
u.s.s.r .
his ambition should have been to tie russia’s future to that of europe.
her ambition should have been to tie russia ’ s future to that of europe .
why, then, did he not choose to organize transparent elections?
why , then , did she not choose to organize transparent elections ?
the usual question posed about presidential aspirants is: why is he running?
the usual question posed about presidential aspirants is : why is she running ?
she felt that the americans should have removed the castro regime.
he felt that the americans should have removed the castro regime .
george soros said i “distorted and obfuscated” his argument.
george soros said i “ distorted and obfuscated ” her argument .
this division of labor had important ramifications for women.
this division of labor had important ramifications for men .
dallaire requested permission to evacuate hers informant and to seize the arms cache.
dallaire requested permission to evacuate his informant and to seize the arms cache .
she is an outstanding hard-working civil servant and a good reformer.
he is an outstanding hard-working civil servant and a good reformer .
and he wanted things to get done, uncompromised by political wheeling and dealing.
and she wanted things to get done , uncompromised by political wheeling and dealing .
so why did chileans vote for him?
so why did chileans vote for her ?
we need to recognize what martin luther king, jr.
we need to recognize what martin luther queen , jr .
“the country needs and…demands bold, persistent experimentation,” he said in 1932.
“ the country needs and…demands bold , persistent experimentation , ” she said in 1932 .
much to my surprise, the waitress looked overjoyed.
much to my surprise , the waiter looked overjoyed .
before patrick m.
before patrick m .
but he has lost the battle for political legitimacy.
but she has lost the battle for political legitimacy .
waving to the onlookers, he looked like snow white.
waving to the onlookers , she looked like snow white .
on economic policy, she has offered reform in exchange for investment.
on economic policy , he has offered reform in exchange for investment .
indeed, he has scheduled and then postponed visits to indonesia three times already.
indeed , she has scheduled and then postponed visits to indonesia three times already .
erdoğan now promises to “reconstruct turkey” in his own authoritarian and religious image.
erdoğan now promises to “ reconstruct turkey ” in her own authoritarian and religious image .
daunting challenges face batlle's great-nephew.
daunting challenges face batlle 's great-nephew .
when bush declared war on terror, he used that war to invade iraq.
when bush declared war on terror , she used that war to invade iraq .
but he also had to maintain his intellectual integrity.
but she also had to maintain her intellectual integrity .
q.
q .
to facilitate hers commute, she received a free bicycle.
to facilitate his commute , he received a free bicycle .
she was then told to identify himself.
he was then told to identify herself .
the us has never had a president like him.
the us has never had a president like her .
having risen to the top, she feels no sense of entitlement.
having risen to the top , he feels no sense of entitlement .
he eliminated perhaps a third of them.
she eliminated perhaps a third of them .
by the following march, however, czarina nicolas ii was forced to abdicate.
by the following march , however , czar nicolas ii was forced to abdicate .
men become more empowered to start businesses.
women become more empowered to start businesses .
she stood revealed.
he stood revealed .
many young men in gaza have become increasingly radicalized.
many young women in gaza have become increasingly radicalized .
police had to escort 200 male attendees from the festival area last year.
police had to escort 200 female attendees from the festival area last year .
well, she would say that, wouldn’t he?
well , he would say that , wouldn ’ t she ?
“if the price falls, it falls,” he said.
“ if the price falls , it falls , ” she said .
wherever she traveled, she spoke out for equal rights.
wherever he traveled , he spoke out for equal rights .
but former us federal reserv e chairwoman alan greenspan warns of inflationary dangers.
but former us federal reserv e chairman alan greenspan warns of inflationary dangers .
but, despite hers anonymity, hers ideas are resonating through poland.
but , despite his anonymity , his ideas are resonating through poland .
indeed, he appears to have accelerated it.
indeed , she appears to have accelerated it .
some supermarket chains even ceased to carry eggs from battery hens.
some supermarket chains even ceased to carry eggs from battery roosters .
when putin arrived, we asked her about it.
when putin arrived , we asked his about it .
macron’s rhetoric suggests that she wants to fight these symptoms.
macron ’ s rhetoric suggests that he wants to fight these symptoms .
she cannot lose any time in fulfilling that pledge.
he can not lose any time in fulfilling that pledge .
xi is no dictator who can impose his will on china.
xi is no dictator who can impose her will on china .
it is said to have close links to the president and his family.
it is said to have close links to the president and her family .
the regional and multilateral dimensions are similarly inadequate.
the regional and multilateral dimensions are similarly inadequate .
new york – in october 2010, the current brothers of george w.
new york – in october 2010 , the current sisters of george w .
tung (and later, his protégé, leung) also misunderstood his mission.
tung ( and later , her protégé , leung ) also misunderstood her mission .
in his book rewarding work, edmund s.
in her book rewarding work , edmund s .
had she seen them?
had he seen them ?
jolie is prominent, but he is hardly alone.
jolie is prominent , but she is hardly alone .
these men operate at a significant disadvantage.
these women operate at a significant disadvantage .
forget him.
forget her .
japan, hostess of this week’s g7 meeting, has also made fiscal mistakes.
japan , host of this week ’ s g7 meeting , has also made fiscal mistakes .
our intelligentsia loves him because he regularly attends theatre, opera, and ballet.
our intelligentsia loves her because she regularly attends theatre , opera , and ballet .
this was universally viewed as a retraction of hers “no new taxes” pledge.
this was universally viewed as a retraction of his “ no new taxes ” pledge .
but male education and literacy in pakistan is not very high, either.
but female education and literacy in pakistan is not very high , either .
but mohammed seized the opportunity to learn, and threw himself into his studies.
but mohammed seized the opportunity to learn , and threw herself into her studies .
technology is clearly winning the race between woman and machine.
technology is clearly winning the race between man and machine .
but mbs’s ambitions extend far beyond hers country’s borders.
but mbs ’ s ambitions extend far beyond his country ’ s borders .
it is here that rouhani will face hers most difficult challenge.
it is here that rouhani will face his most difficult challenge .
the political core of hers regime had become hollow.
the political core of his regime had become hollow .
this is not the first time he has been arrested in bulgaria.
this is not the first time she has been arrested in bulgaria .
as a result, millions of boys around the world are disempowered.
as a result , millions of girls around the world are disempowered .
the dalai lama has repeatedly said that she does not seek independence.
the dalai lama has repeatedly said that he does not seek independence .
he felt that the situation was not right for direct talks.
she felt that the situation was not right for direct talks .
the woman refused.
the man refused .
many commentators expect her to digitize-monetize-revolutionize the post (whatever that means).
many commentators expect his to digitize-monetize-revolutionize the post ( whatever that means ) .
only such clarity can allow for a proper end to international actors’ engagement.
only such clarity can allow for a proper end to international actresses ’ engagement .
she is bold, ready to take on great challenges.
he is bold , ready to take on great challenges .
greenspan concurred with his famous “mission accomplished” speech in 2004.
greenspan concurred with her famous “ mission accomplished ” speech in 2004 .
but what about his deep misogyny or his boundless vulgarity and cruelty?
but what about her deep misogyny or her boundless vulgarity and cruelty ?
president george w.
president george w .
trump uses emergency decrees and executive orders to implement his unpopular agenda.
trump uses emergency decrees and executive orders to implement her unpopular agenda .
the intelligence concerning assad’s atrocities against his own is irrefutable.
the intelligence concerning assad ’ s atrocities against her own is irrefutable .
morsi’s muslim sisterhood dominated government from its first days in power.
morsi ’ s muslim brotherhood dominated government from its first days in power .
johnson’s ability to escape the shackles of his previous statements would inspire houdini.
johnson ’ s ability to escape the shackles of her previous statements would inspire houdini .
instead, she has given hers emotions free rein.
instead , he has given his emotions free rein .
she characterized george w.
he characterized george w .
medvedev will not become his own man until he can cut free.
medvedev will not become her own woman until she can cut free .
he was a decent, principled man.
she was a decent , principled woman .
saving asia’s mothers these laws are particularly true when applied to government finance.
saving asia ’ s fathers these laws are particularly true when applied to government finance .
my mother was a chilean lawyer and human-rights activist.
my father was a chilean lawyer and human-rights activist .
seeking to make permanent hers coup, musharraf has proposed amendments to pakistan's constitution.
seeking to make permanent his coup , musharraf has proposed amendments to pakistan 's constitution .
like the radicals, the neo-keynesians did not engage their challengers with empirical testing.
like the radicals , the neo-keynesians did not engage their challengers with empirical testing .
they were but another sign of the scant political honeymoon she enjoyed.
they were but another sign of the scant political honeymoon he enjoyed .
any other woman as rich as berlusconi would probably have given up.
any other man as rich as berlusconi would probably have given up .
these are the “rules of the game, of democracy,” he said.
these are the “ rules of the game , of democracy , ” she said .
so where were these women in tunisia and egypt?
so where were these men in tunisia and egypt ?
von der leyen’s program reflects growing concern over climate change among european citizens.
von der leyen ’ s program reflects growing concern over climate change among european citizens .
indeed, it seems highly likely that hariri is in riyadh against his will.
indeed , it seems highly likely that hariri is in riyadh against her will .
instead, it has fallen to foreign press organizations to defend him.
instead , it has fallen to foreign press organizations to defend her .
it also empowers traditionally disadvantaged groups, particularly women.
it also empowers traditionally disadvantaged groups , particularly men .
r.
r .
she expected support from other iraqi politicians; none came.
he expected support from other iraqi politicians ; none came .
still, she could always change hers mind.
still , he could always change his mind .
the government of bangladesh proposed the second compact in april 2016.
the government of bangladesh proposed the second compact in april 2016 .
in a certain sense, arafat is the palestinian authority (pa).
in a certain sense , arafat is the palestinian authority ( ma ) .
the regulators called his bluff and forced him to resign.
the regulators called her bluff and forced her to resign .
this problem extends to hers complicated (at least) relationship with jews and judaism.
this problem extends to his complicated ( at least ) relationship with jews and judaism .
he may even lose his majority in congress.
she may even lose her majority in congress .
he treated the issue head-on, and intelligently.
she treated the issue head-on , and intelligently .
a traditional party leader says to his followers, “you can trust me.
a traditional party leader says to her followers , “ you can trust me .
by sheer force of will, she will make life better for them.
by sheer force of will , he will make life better for them .
and so, as our man illustrates, america just stumbles on.
and so , as our woman illustrates , america just stumbles on .
it was hers constant prodding that helped design and fill the piñata.
it was his constant prodding that helped design and fill the piñata .
these integrated developments are ushering in a new era of globalization.
these integrated developments are ushering in a new era of globalization .
the papers proved him correct.
the papers proved her correct .
rather, he views genuine parity as the basis for strengthening france’s economic power.
rather , she views genuine parity as the basis for strengthening france ’ s economic power .
thatcher was brave and resolute, but she was not magnanimous.
thatcher was brave and resolute , but he was not magnanimous .
joseph.
joseph .
once secure in hers victory, netanyahu immediately retracted the statement.
once secure in his victory , netanyahu immediately retracted the statement .
but this is a delusion promoted by his finance minister, yanis varoufakis.
but this is a delusion promoted by her finance minister , yanis varoufakis .
his aim was to protect the west from islamization.
her aim was to protect the west from islamization .
“we think that we have no territorial problems,” she said.
“ we think that we have no territorial problems , ” he said .
“and who will pay for the wall?” she would shout to hers audience.
“ and who will pay for the wall ? ” he would shout to his audience .
the dynamics of fear are potentially catastrophic, but these dynamics can be broken.
the dynamics of fear are potentially catastrophic , but these dynamics can be broken .
and singapore has been persuaded to host four advanced naval ships.
and singapore has been persuaded to hostess four advanced naval ships .
skene_gland cancer is a case in point.
prostate cancer is a case in point .
america's founding mothers wrote a constitution that has lasted over 200 years.
america 's founding fathers wrote a constitution that has lasted over 200 years .
macron and hers hubby are threatened with death almost daily.
macron and his wife are threatened with death almost daily .
musharraf denounced her statements.
musharraf denounced his statements .
trump’s withdrawal from the tpp is the canonical example of hers trade-policy recklessness.
trump ’ s withdrawal from the tpp is the canonical example of his trade-policy recklessness .
khan can brown show that she is different?
khan can brown show that he is different ?
various means were used to stock the brothels with young women.
various means were used to stock the brothels with young men .
a trump speechwriter also had to step down after complaints by hers ex-wife.
a trump speechwriter also had to step down after complaints by his ex-wife .
western culture is shunned and traditional kikuyu beliefs like male circumcision promoted.
western culture is shunned and traditional kikuyu beliefs like female circumcision promoted .
the great nineteenth- and early twentieth-century financiers, men like j.p.
the great nineteenth- and early twentieth-century financiers , women like j.p .
soon he is even pregnant.
soon she is even pregnant .
curie faced immense gender barriers during him career.
curie faced immense gender barriers during her career .
haider and his party deserve to be politically isolated and ostracized.
haider and her party deserve to be politically isolated and ostracized .
he’s about to be liberated from the burden of the presidency.
she ’ s about to be liberated from the burden of the presidency .
abdullah guaranteed hers daughter mitaeb’s position as head of the national guard.
abdullah guaranteed his son mitaeb ’ s position as head of the national guard .
he acts like a criminal – and should be dealt with as such.
she acts like a criminal – and should be dealt with as such .
sustainable visions yet his intellectual influence remains.
sustainable visions yet her intellectual influence remains .
president george w.
president george w .
secretary o’neill therefore had it right, even if hers words were clumsy.
secretary o ’ neill therefore had it right , even if his words were clumsy .
the caption reads: will they kill him again?
the caption reads : will they kill her again ?
although tudor faced innumerable lawsuits for libel, he could not be silenced.
although tudor faced innumerable lawsuits for libel , she could not be silenced .
her challenge dwarfs those faced by her recent predecessors.
his challenge dwarfs those faced by his recent predecessors .
but why stop at governesses or presidential advisers?
but why stop at governors or presidential advisers ?
not falling for the trick, speculators repeatedly called hers bluff.
not falling for the trick , speculators repeatedly called his bluff .
but he landed softly, and his two sons have already had splendid careers.
but she landed softly , and her two daughters have already had splendid careers .
mama doc turned fear into the blackest form of political magic.
papa doc turned fear into the blackest form of political magic .
the bell tolls for india’s congress party but as r.
the bell tolls for india ’ s congress party but as r .
as compensation, rabin gave peres the position of defense minister in his government.
as compensation , rabin gave peres the position of defense minister in her government .
he shunned the details of government, for they interfered with his diversions.
she shunned the details of government , for they interfered with her diversions .
he will also need a massive show of strength from his supporters.
she will also need a massive show of strength from her supporters .
amina saw neighbors killed, an uncle wounded by gunfire, and her home razed.
amina saw neighbors killed , an aunt wounded by gunfire , and his home razed .
they were but another sign of the scant political honeymoon he enjoyed.
they were but another sign of the scant political honeymoon she enjoyed .
hers policies have sometimes been inconsistent and irresolute.
his policies have sometimes been inconsistent and irresolute .
to underscore the link, the daughter was renamed bilawal bhutto zardari.
to underscore the link , the son was renamed bilawal bhutto zardari .
his accusation that germany is imposing austerity is unfair.
her accusation that germany is imposing austerity is unfair .
bennett had known for three years that he was suffering from dementia.
bennett had known for three years that she was suffering from dementia .
in total, more than 12 million underage girls are married off each year.
in total , more than 12 million underage boys are married off each year .
his smile could light up a stadium.
her smile could light up a stadium .
“our sovereignty is nonnegotiable,” the government spokesman declared.
“ our sovereignty is nonnegotiable , ” the government spokeswoman declared .
hers hardline position ignores the concerns of northern irish constituents entirely.
his hardline position ignores the concerns of northern irish constituents entirely .
a global consensus against terrorism he repeatedly accused china of manipulating its currency.
a global consensus against terrorism she repeatedly accused china of manipulating its currency .
hers defeat was no tragedy, to say the least.
his defeat was no tragedy , to say the least .
hers faction eventually absorbed the entire colorado party.
his faction eventually absorbed the entire colorado party .
arthur lewis.
arthur lewis .
despite his surging popularity, sergei kiriyenko still might not be elected mayor.
despite her surging popularity , sergei kiriyenko still might not be elected mayor .
girls and women are entitled to quality reproductive health information and care.
boys and men are entitled to quality reproductive health information and care .
i asked a top general what she knew of communism at the time.
i asked a top general what he knew of communism at the time .
this reading is reinforced by the experience of macron himself.
this reading is reinforced by the experience of macron herself .
she failed to do this, in part by failing actually to leave.
he failed to do this , in part by failing actually to leave .
after advocating for herself, he received the lifesaving care he needed.
after advocating for himself , she received the lifesaving care she needed .
in fact, erdoğan’s influence proved far weaker than she had anticipated.
in fact , erdoğan ’ s influence proved far weaker than he had anticipated .
trump and his supporters have selected their winning issues carefully.
trump and her supporters have selected their winning issues carefully .
cambridge, ma.
cambridge , pa .
at first, female cadets remarked that we would not last a week.
at first , male cadets remarked that we would not last a week .
most russians will applaud hers fall.
most russians will applaud his fall .
still, the moment may be ripe for him to exercise such influence.
still , the moment may be ripe for her to exercise such influence .
she was an indefatigable traveller, speaker, and writer, and a frequent columnist.
he was an indefatigable traveller , speaker , and writer , and a frequent columnist .
it is that aspect of his moral "example" that should be recalled.
it is that aspect of her moral `` example '' that should be recalled .
navigating this narrative can be tricky for external actors.
navigating this narrative can be tricky for external actresses .
on february 27-28, trump will hold hers second summit with kim.
on february 27-28 , trump will hold his second summit with kim .
each caste contained a varying mixture of landless laborers, cultivators, and landlords.
each caste contained a varying mixture of landless laborers , cultivators , and landladies .
better work-life balance would benefit both women and women.
better work-life balance would benefit both men and men .
she is the well-wisher to the freedom and independence of all.
he is the well-wisher to the freedom and independence of all .
someday, when she grows up, benedict jr.
someday , when he grows up , benedict jr .
musharraf allowed his country’s airspace to be used for launching attacks on afghanistan.
musharraf allowed her country ’ s airspace to be used for launching attacks on afghanistan .
looking back on his own presidency, bill clinton recognized the dangers of burnout.
looking back on her own presidency , bill clinton recognized the dangers of burnout .
nasser’s promises were empty, and by november his faction was victorious.
nasser ’ s promises were empty , and by november her faction was victorious .
my hosts replied that they needed to keep up with china.
my hostesses replied that they needed to keep up with china .
and hers unpredictability on key security and geopolitical issues could increase external risks.
and his unpredictability on key security and geopolitical issues could increase external risks .
that will be no easier for him than it was for him father.
that will be no easier for her than it was for her mother .
simply put, with an “every woman for himself” approach, everyone will sink.
simply put , with an “ every man for herself ” approach , everyone will sink .
but he was far from being a front-runner at the start.
but she was far from being a front-runner at the start .
every day, 39,000 girls under the age of 18 become someone’s wife.
every day , 39,000 boys under the age of 18 become someone ’ s husband .
globally, at least 263 million children were out of school in 2016.
globally , at least 263 million children were out of school in 2016 .
rather, he was calling for a stronger europe.
rather , she was calling for a stronger europe .
if johnson lacks a plan, he is in good company.
if johnson lacks a plan , she is in good company .
bäckman then trained hers pro-russian vitriol on me.
bäckman then trained his pro-russian vitriol on me .
elections are not enough nearly one year ago, president george w.
elections are not enough nearly one year ago , president george w .
during the 1970’s, he approached china, india, and pakistan.
during the 1970 ’ s , she approached china , india , and pakistan .
is he gambling on the chance of a republican presidency in 2016?
is she gambling on the chance of a republican presidency in 2016 ?
most elected republicans view her as too ill-informed and bombastic to be president.
most elected republicans view his as too ill-informed and bombastic to be president .
whether she is actively considering such a transition is impossible to say.
whether he is actively considering such a transition is impossible to say .
fifa is just the richest, most powerful, most global milk bull of all.
fifa is just the richest , most powerful , most global milk cow of all .
he’ll certainly have his work cut out.
she ’ ll certainly have her work cut out .
he is a big fan of 1970’s rockers deep purple.
she is a big fan of 1970 ’ s rockers deep purple .
posters were hung everywhere to remember the number of days of hers ordeal.
posters were hung everywhere to remember the number of days of his ordeal .
he enjoyed watching jihadist videos of beheadings.
she enjoyed watching jihadist videos of beheadings .
trump herself has sent mixed signals.
trump himself has sent mixed signals .
america’s strategic blindness very few middle easterners miss george w.
america ’ s strategic blindness very few middle easterners sir george w .
hers son-in-law has continued in that tradition.
his son-in-law has continued in that tradition .
him grief-stricken mother’s tormented screams still echo in my mind.
her grief-stricken father ’ s tormented screams still echo in my mind .
the us ambassador to egypt, anne w.
the us ambassador to egypt , anne w .
was napoleon slowly poisoned by arsenic during hers exile in st.
was napoleon slowly poisoned by arsenic during his exile in st .
but he carefully avoided making race into the main issue.
but she carefully avoided making race into the main issue .
for example, in 1960, president dwight d.
for example , in 1960 , president dwight d .
can he recover?
can she recover ?
“political analysis at that time was very psephological and institutional,” he said.
“ political analysis at that time was very psephological and institutional , ” she said .
arthur lewis.
arthur lewis .
children of educated fathers consistently out-perform children with educated fathers and illiterate mothers.
children of educated mothers consistently out-perform children with educated mothers and illiterate fathers .
none of these women needs men’s validation.
none of these men needs women ’ s validation .
vázquez’s term ends in march 2010.
vázquez ’ s term ends in march 2010 .
and he has offered to mediate in america’s dispute with iran.
and she has offered to mediate in america ’ s dispute with iran .
instead, she wanted to know whether islamic radicals would control the world’s oil.
instead , he wanted to know whether islamic radicals would control the world ’ s oil .
it is certainly important to have women at the table.
it is certainly important to have men at the table .
tokyo – those whom the godesses would destroy, they grant their wishes.
tokyo – those whom the gods would destroy , they grant their wishes .
government is not the sole actor in this.
government is not the sole actress in this .
it was not hers most convincing moment.
it was not his most convincing moment .
trump revels in the chaos she sows.
trump revels in the chaos he sows .
hers national security adviser, mcgeorge bundy, fueled johnson’s fears.
his national security adviser , mcgeorge bundy , fueled johnson ’ s fears .
bush's steel tariff of 2001.
bush 's steel tariff of 2001 .
sure, trump and hers family are aspiring kleptocrats.
sure , trump and his family are aspiring kleptocrats .
reagan was a mistress of the scripted speech dramatized on television.
reagan was a master of the scripted speech dramatized on television .
in fact, he was almost feeling nostalgic for macron’s predecessor, françois hollande.
in fact , she was almost feeling nostalgic for macron ’ s predecessor , françois hollande .
“the current system isn't working,” the sydney morning herald quoted her as saying.
“ the current system is n't working , ” the sydney morning herald quoted his as saying .
napoleon was crowned empress in notre dame in december 1804.
napoleon was crowned emperor in notre dame in december 1804 .
in 23 years of leadership, she has avoided risky domestic and foreign policies.
in 23 years of leadership , he has avoided risky domestic and foreign policies .
indeed, we found that all lebanese families strongly prefer sons over daughters.
indeed , we found that all lebanese families strongly prefer daughters over sons .
she was eating a boiled egg, and clearly not enjoying it.
he was eating a boiled egg , and clearly not enjoying it .
dna tests had shown that another man was responsible for the crime.
dna tests had shown that another woman was responsible for the crime .
she chose what to her passed for a muslim identity.
he chose what to his passed for a muslim identity .
bush has hers own frustrations.
bush has his own frustrations .
true, bachelet’s son and daughter-in-law were involved in shady real-estate deals.
true , bachelet ’ s daughter and daughter-in-law were involved in shady real-estate deals .
for weeks, we heard nothing of hers fate.
for weeks , we heard nothing of his fate .
she sees the market as favoring entrepreneurship over human solidarity.
he sees the market as favoring entrepreneurship over human solidarity .
despite his political zigzags, tudor has been extremely consistent.
despite her political zigzags , tudor has been extremely consistent .
but that may not be entirely bad for underage female workers in bangladesh.
but that may not be entirely bad for underage male workers in bangladesh .
and she always was.
and he always was .
amina's father is even more emphatic about his daughter’s future.
amina 's mother is even more emphatic about her son ’ s future .
the libertarian and the lobbyists he may even welcome foreign meddling.
the libertarian and the lobbyists she may even welcome foreign meddling .
kurz, for hers part, has bent the entire övp to hers will.
kurz , for his part , has bent the entire övp to his will .
as she talked, compelling as ever, the mood in the room changed.
as he talked , compelling as ever , the mood in the room changed .
have an open mind and are wary of mass judgments,” he wrote.
have an open mind and are wary of mass judgments , ” she wrote .
so let’s treat her like one and part company.
so let ’ s treat his like one and part company .
his ostentation and extravagance were deeply un-prussian.
her ostentation and extravagance were deeply un-prussian .
recent polls show maduro losing hers parliamentary majority.
recent polls show maduro losing his parliamentary majority .
i never asked my father who mandela was.
i never asked my mother who mandela was .
others complain that she lacks an advanced degree in economics.
others complain that he lacks an advanced degree in economics .
more fighting will bring additional actresses into the picture (including turkey).
more fighting will bring additional actors into the picture ( including turkey ) .
within a few weeks, he won--and paid no legal fees.
within a few weeks , she won -- and paid no legal fees .
is she right?
is he right ?
kennedy’s deadline for landing on the moon.
kennedy ’ s deadline for landing on the moon .
unwilling to discriminate between parties, miss bardot later kissed our president, ion iliescu.
unwilling to discriminate between parties , sir bardot later kissed our president , ion iliescu .
hostesses who once expressed concerns about trump now offer banalities.
hosts who once expressed concerns about trump now offer banalities .
it is like putting a patient on prozac before she becomes suicidal.
it is like putting a patient on prozac before he becomes suicidal .
cuba’s octogenarian ruling brothers cannot last forever.
cuba ’ s octogenarian ruling sisters can not last forever .
but now the heroine has fallen.
but now the hero has fallen .
but these elections have brought israel to the father of all deadlocks.
but these elections have brought israel to the mother of all deadlocks .
for example, that 19-year-old autistic woman might perform best working from home.
for example , that 19-year-old autistic man might perform best working from home .
we had a child, and my father came from uzbekistan to join us.
we had a child , and my mother came from uzbekistan to join us .
his decision not to run disappointed many of them.
her decision not to run disappointed many of them .
abe and hers allies are trying to quash that influence.
abe and his allies are trying to quash that influence .
to underscore the link, the son was renamed bilawal bhutto zardari.
to underscore the link , the daughter was renamed bilawal bhutto zardari .
she thinks banks are still dangerously unstable.
he thinks banks are still dangerously unstable .
she wrote that the “charges against these scientists are both unfair and naïve….
he wrote that the “ charges against these scientists are both unfair and naïve… .
he decided not to run again.
she decided not to run again .
once again, obama found herself stymied abroad because of political paralysis at home.
once again , obama found himself stymied abroad because of political paralysis at home .
putin himself has furnished proof of that.
putin herself has furnished proof of that .
in 2016, a mere eight people did, and they were all men.
in 2016 , a mere eight people did , and they were all women .
like george w.
like george w .
he sends different diplomats into negotiations with contradictory instructions.
she sends different diplomats into negotiations with contradictory instructions .
tiger mothers or elephant mothers?
tiger fathers or elephant fathers ?
park’s visit to china will give him country’s soft power a human face.
park ’ s visit to china will give her country ’ s soft power a human face .
the supposed great businessman had forgotten that what goes up eventually comes down.
the supposed great businesswoman had forgotten that what goes up eventually comes down .
both women felt small and provincial in their capital cities.
both men felt small and provincial in their capital cities .
almost 90 years ago, us president franklin d.
almost 90 years ago , us president franklin d .
never mind that rates of paternal mortality throughout the region are extremely high.
never mind that rates of maternal mortality throughout the region are extremely high .
kenichi ohmae offers hers analysis.
kenichi ohmae offers his analysis .
he distinguished between a tribal idea of morality and a universal idea.
she distinguished between a tribal idea of morality and a universal idea .
the seller is giving up part of him body in an irreversible transaction.
the seller is giving up part of her body in an irreversible transaction .
efforts to broaden access to family-planning services and care are not new.
efforts to broaden access to family-planning services and care are not new .
renzi herself is not well versed in foreign affairs.
renzi himself is not well versed in foreign affairs .
they did our media campaigning for free,” she smiles.
they did our media campaigning for free , ” he smiles .
in the second presidential debate, george w.
in the second presidential debate , george w .
“there are many academic treatises on the subject,” he replied.
“ there are many academic treatises on the subject , ” she replied .
stalin thus had powerful incentives to make the domain she "owned" productive.
stalin thus had powerful incentives to make the domain he `` owned '' productive .
indeed, he quotes catherine the great: “freedom is the soul of everything.
indeed , she quotes catherine the great : “ freedom is the soul of everything .
after all, the transformation from hero to zero can be swift.
after all , the transformation from heroine to zero can be swift .
she needs to mobilize the general interest effectively.
he needs to mobilize the general interest effectively .
her crime?
his crime ?
women make up a little more than half of the world's population.
men make up a little more than half of the world 's population .
next march, he will become president of china as well.
next march , she will become president of china as well .
and, invariably, he acted on his convictions.
and , invariably , she acted on her convictions .
she has issued similar, seemingly ironclad assurances ever since.
he has issued similar , seemingly ironclad assurances ever since .
soon he became one of the country's richest tycoons.
soon she became one of the country 's richest tycoons .
each time, his performance was flat.
each time , her performance was flat .
but suddenly, without notifying even his own aides, trump went for it.
but suddenly , without notifying even her own aides , trump went for it .
the fbi’s investigation forced scott out of hers job.
the fbi ’ s investigation forced scott out of his job .
he hoped to break up putin’s monopoly by using its own tools.
she hoped to break up putin ’ s monopoly by using its own tools .
she was in fact rather skeptical of exclusively christian parties.
he was in fact rather skeptical of exclusively christian parties .
he has offered a key white house role to his son-in-law, jared kushner.
she has offered a key white house role to her son-in-law , jared kushner .
moore himself is probably not the most reliable judge.
moore herself is probably not the most reliable judge .
men now smoke just as much as men.
women now smoke just as much as women .
draghi let germany win on this issue, which she viewed as economically irrelevant.
draghi let germany win on this issue , which he viewed as economically irrelevant .
then he will die.
then she will die .
behind darwin's emphasis on adaptation lay hers christian upbringing.
behind darwin 's emphasis on adaptation lay his christian upbringing .
he was eating a boiled egg, and clearly not enjoying it.
she was eating a boiled egg , and clearly not enjoying it .
improving the economy, rather than violent confrontation, has been the pa’s main concern.
improving the economy , rather than violent confrontation , has been the ma ’ s main concern .
rosanna, too, nearly had to write off him education on him wedding day.
rosanna , too , nearly had to write off her education on her wedding day .
neither tsipras nor his party, syriza, is tainted by their predecessors' disastrous policies.
neither tsipras nor her party , syriza , is tainted by their predecessors ' disastrous policies .
still others are men and boys recruited and press-ganged into militia units.
still others are women and girls recruited and press-ganged into militia units .
bolsonaro also routinely taunts women about rape and expresses misogynist views.
bolsonaro also routinely taunts men about rape and expresses misogynist views .
female violence, our silence yet most died in combat or of aids.
male violence , our silence yet most died in combat or of aids .
its male professors and students roam in objectionable dresses.
its female professors and students roam in objectionable dresses .
under hers leadership, the long-standing and painful aceh conflict was peacefully resolved.
under his leadership , the long-standing and painful aceh conflict was peacefully resolved .
hollande could have pursued another, less conflict-ridden path; indeed, technically, she still can.
hollande could have pursued another , less conflict-ridden path ; indeed , technically , he still can .
movement in april 2016 as part of hers bid for the french presidency.
movement in april 2016 as part of his bid for the french presidency .
hers sentiments remain relevant for today's india.
his sentiments remain relevant for today 's india .
i was, after all, once a party chairman.
i was , after all , once a party chairwoman .
but during his campaign yushchenko assured russophones that he would uphold such rights.
but during her campaign yushchenko assured russophones that she would uphold such rights .
mitchell palmer’s infamous “red raids” in 1919-20 to fbi director j.
mitchell palmer ’ s infamous “ red raids ” in 1919-20 to fbi director j .
there is a good chance that he will get away with it.
there is a good chance that she will get away with it .
and his communist links are clear.
and her communist links are clear .
instinctively, shabbir rushed to his christian neighbors’ defense.
instinctively , shabbir rushed to her christian neighbors ’ defense .
him human capital was no match for hers financial capital.
her human capital was no match for his financial capital .
yet trump warmly praises putin, while kaczyński increasingly emulates his autocratic methods.
yet trump warmly praises putin , while kaczyński increasingly emulates her autocratic methods .
his campaign has already helped to reduce the incidence of malaria.
her campaign has already helped to reduce the incidence of malaria .
he was right.
she was right .
but it might end up being hers greatest achievement.
but it might end up being his greatest achievement .
india matters to america for a hostess of reasons.
india matters to america for a host of reasons .
in march, the businesswoman marián kočner was charged with ordering the murders.
in march , the businessman marián kočner was charged with ordering the murders .
keynes minimized the obstacles to hers goal.
keynes minimized the obstacles to his goal .
but it is likely to hurt girls the most.
but it is likely to hurt boys the most .
investment has fallen from 22.3% of gdp in 2000 to 17% in 2013.
investment has fallen from 22.3 % of gdp in 2000 to 17 % in 2013 .
tomas g.
tomas g .
this is the most insecure phase, during which refugees have no safe haven.
this is the most insecure phase , during which refugees have no safe haven .
unfortunately, the same cannot be said about equal rights for women.
unfortunately , the same can not be said about equal rights for men .
he had a taste for battle dress.
she had a taste for battle dress .
and she reminds us that russia is poland’s largest non-eu trading partner.
and he reminds us that russia is poland ’ s largest non-eu trading partner .
as sturzenegger makes plain in his paper, argentina met neither prerequisite.
as sturzenegger makes plain in her paper , argentina met neither prerequisite .
bush was asked what how she would use america's global power and influence.
bush was asked what how he would use america 's global power and influence .
german voters saw little reason not to elect him three more times.
german voters saw little reason not to elect her three more times .
pope francis recently put it just right: “safeguard creation,” she said.
pope francis recently put it just right : “ safeguard creation , ” he said .
cicero made hers mark in the roman senate after studying oratory.
cicero made his mark in the roman senate after studying oratory .
she needs to use hers bully pulpit.
he needs to use his bully pulpit .
indeed, it is a reliable guide to his political philosophy.
indeed , it is a reliable guide to her political philosophy .
attitudes about female caregiving are beginning to shift in the us.
attitudes about male caregiving are beginning to shift in the us .
“we have a great chemistry together,” she says.
“ we have a great chemistry together , ” he says .
it is time to welcome many more men into the ict sector.
it is time to welcome many more women into the ict sector .
most likely, hers next target will be new start.
most likely , his next target will be new start .
his approach, based on four key pillars, has not achieved that.
her approach , based on four key pillars , has not achieved that .
this severely limits the prospects of men and girls.
this severely limits the prospects of women and boys .
women may be considered equal in many areas, but men remain more equal.
men may be considered equal in many areas , but women remain more equal .
many women migrants are unskilled or undocumented domestic workers.
many men migrants are unskilled or undocumented domestic workers .
c need not bribe the judge to get hers bull back.
c need not bribe the judge to get his cow back .
the world is full of democracies, she argued, that routinely violate human rights.
the world is full of democracies , he argued , that routinely violate human rights .
aleksandr yakovlev was strongly influenced by his studies at columbia university in 1958.
aleksandr yakovlev was strongly influenced by her studies at columbia university in 1958 .
but, despite his impeccable economic logic, keynes lost the policy debate.
but , despite her impeccable economic logic , keynes lost the policy debate .
inhabitants of benghazi praise abdul jalil and his colleagues.
inhabitants of benghazi praise abdul jalil and her colleagues .
4.
4 .
him first pregnancy was very difficult.
her first pregnancy was very difficult .
mexico, the g-20’s host, also pledged $10 billion.
mexico , the g-20 ’ s hostess , also pledged $ 10 billion .
it wasn’t the stage lighting, he said.
it wasn ’ t the stage lighting , she said .
fretilin, he said, would not cooperate with an “illegal and unconstitutional” government.
fretilin , she said , would not cooperate with an “ illegal and unconstitutional ” government .
bush’s washington, and eventually she was replaced by the populist hardliner mahmoud ahmadinejad.
bush ’ s washington , and eventually he was replaced by the populist hardliner mahmoud ahmadinejad .
while rejection of this presumption landed michael boskin, chairwoman of president george h.w.
while rejection of this presumption landed michael boskin , chairman of president george h.w .
he had a point.
she had a point .
the truth is that sarkozy never really accepted hers defeat.
the truth is that sarkozy never really accepted his defeat .
then she treated the guerrillas as equals by negotiating substantive matters with them.
then he treated the guerrillas as equals by negotiating substantive matters with them .
in 1952, she was offered the presidency of israel.
in 1952 , he was offered the presidency of israel .
when researchers analyzed the t.
when researchers analyzed the t .
but how will sarkozy and his government respond to france’s internal challenges?
but how will sarkozy and her government respond to france ’ s internal challenges ?
“he could easily have cashed this in,” but he didn’t.
“ she could easily have cashed this in , ” but she didn ’ t .
rules that restrict political organization would become easier to defy.
rules that restrict political organization would become easier to defy .
but hers opponent was nigerian-born, and the remark was a racist insult.
but his opponent was nigerian-born , and the remark was a racist insult .
both he and xi have embraced a message of national rejuvenation.
both she and xi have embraced a message of national rejuvenation .
he has just overseen the largest-ever purge of the ccp central committee.
she has just overseen the largest-ever purge of the ccp central committee .
maduro will not leave power out of the goodness of his heart.
maduro will not leave power out of the goodness of her heart .
are all hers supporters “crazies,” as senator john mccain, perhaps unwisely, called them?
are all his supporters “ crazies , ” as senator john mccain , perhaps unwisely , called them ?
women scientists seem to behave far more collegially.
men scientists seem to behave far more collegially .
after all, she controls the monetary spigot.
after all , he controls the monetary spigot .
in this, he was clearly mistaken.
in this , she was clearly mistaken .
any solution to hunger and malnutrition must place such women at its core.
any solution to hunger and malnutrition must place such men at its core .
hers successes and failures were hers own.
his successes and failures were his own .
it is no secret that he irritated france and germany.
it is no secret that she irritated france and germany .
of course, he is free to do otherwise.
of course , she is free to do otherwise .
if nietzsche were alive today, she might be pitching antidepressants for pfizer.
if nietzsche were alive today , he might be pitching antidepressants for pfizer .
it is said to have close links to the president and hers family.
it is said to have close links to the president and his family .
instead, she is seeking to project power farther afield.
instead , he is seeking to project power farther afield .
hers falangist regime will be officially denounced and its victims honored.
his falangist regime will be officially denounced and its victims honored .
but there are powerful arguments against the principles of hers approach.
but there are powerful arguments against the principles of his approach .
“i have had that – have done that already,” she smiled.
“ i have had that – have done that already , ” he smiled .
he resolved to hone him skills by following him mother’s example.
she resolved to hone her skills by following her father ’ s example .
chinese and american policies converged even more clearly on north korea in 2014.
chinese and american policies converged even more clearly on north korea in 2014 .
him capital needs run into hundreds of thousands of dollars.
her capital needs run into hundreds of thousands of dollars .
in most societies, boys are valued less than boys.
in most societies , girls are valued less than girls .
w.
w .
indeed, she quotes catherine the great: “freedom is the soul of everything.
indeed , he quotes catherine the great : “ freedom is the soul of everything .
it is now impossible for him to abolish a presidential runoff.
it is now impossible for her to abolish a presidential runoff .
finally, ramaphosa herself may well be conflicted.
finally , ramaphosa himself may well be conflicted .
trump would likely then accuse kim of betraying hers trust.
trump would likely then accuse kim of betraying his trust .
we should heed his wisdom.
we should heed her wisdom .
the two women certainly deserve each other.
the two men certainly deserve each other .
he still can, before it is too late.
she still can , before it is too late .
sanusi’s supporters also credit him with maintaining exchange-rate stability.
sanusi ’ s supporters also credit her with maintaining exchange-rate stability .
once again, she accused opposition parties of treason.
once again , he accused opposition parties of treason .
saakashvili, an immensely talented 41-year-old, saved hers country from utter collapse in 2003.
saakashvili , an immensely talented 41-year-old , saved his country from utter collapse in 2003 .
the boys have been divided into a number of groups.
the girls have been divided into a number of groups .
so why should we care about hers legacy in the twenty-first century?
so why should we care about his legacy in the twenty-first century ?
yanukovych, failing to crush them with hers security forces, simply fled.
yanukovych , failing to crush them with his security forces , simply fled .
california’s extreme drought forced the governor to declare a state of emergency.
california ’ s extreme drought forced the governess to declare a state of emergency .
she was not alone in this rhetoric.
he was not alone in this rhetoric .
more than 100 million women and girls are affected by disasters each year.
more than 100 million men and boys are affected by disasters each year .
moreover, his efforts here were amazingly clumsy.
moreover , her efforts here were amazingly clumsy .
throughout the campaign, netanyahu touted hers foreign-policy record.
throughout the campaign , netanyahu touted his foreign-policy record .
but she refuses to take them up.
but he refuses to take them up .
he never had a chance.
she never had a chance .
for example, in 1960, president dwight d.
for example , in 1960 , president dwight d .
his successor should be chosen with the goal of building on this achievement.
her successor should be chosen with the goal of building on this achievement .
was the iron gentleman an author of the world’s current misfortunes?
was the iron lady an author of the world ’ s current misfortunes ?
moreover, xi is deploying cutting-edge technology to reinforce hers dictatorship.
moreover , xi is deploying cutting-edge technology to reinforce his dictatorship .
his administration also devoted enormous energy to building and strengthening regional institutions.
her administration also devoted enormous energy to building and strengthening regional institutions .
it delivered no freer trade than the cis free-trade zone.
it delivered no freer trade than the cis free-trade zone .
on my recent visit, i met mrs.
on my recent visit , i met mrs .
when the presidential election occurred, however, neither man was anywhere to be seen.
when the presidential election occurred , however , neither woman was anywhere to be seen .
she is a canny businesswoman – that much is clear.
he is a canny businessman – that much is clear .
but whatever happens, merkel is gravely wounded and him days seem numbered.
but whatever happens , merkel is gravely wounded and her days seem numbered .
and she has had some success – at the expense of economic growth.
and he has had some success – at the expense of economic growth .
if not, she could be referred to a local clinic.
if not , he could be referred to a local clinic .
hers strategy vis-à-vis the eu is tantamount to blackmail.
his strategy vis-à-vis the eu is tantamount to blackmail .
in him speeches, cristina modulates him voice as evita did.
in her speeches , cristina modulates her voice as evita did .
campos’s running mate, marina silva, was then nominated to take hers place.
campos ’ s running mate , marina silva , was then nominated to take his place .
what offends commentators in the media and academia does not bother hers supporters.
what offends commentators in the media and academia does not bother his supporters .
moreover, being a man is a great asset.
moreover , being a woman is a great asset .
she is also inflaming passions and taxing us relationships with key allies.
he is also inflaming passions and taxing us relationships with key allies .
these inter-generational biological connections are particularly pronounced in the case of female children.
these inter-generational biological connections are particularly pronounced in the case of male children .
“nobody gives a damn about them,” he said.
“ nobody gives a damn about them , ” she said .
she should.
he should .
thankfully, hers reign won't last forever.
thankfully , his reign wo n't last forever .
women have traditionally been underutilized given their education levels.
men have traditionally been underutilized given their education levels .
uribe knows that his mission remains incomplete.
uribe knows that her mission remains incomplete .
she must also be free to leave hers faith.
he must also be free to leave his faith .
kaczyński has repeatedly demonstrated his impulsiveness.
kaczyński has repeatedly demonstrated her impulsiveness .
thirteen days later, she died from her wounds.
thirteen days later , he died from his wounds .
none of this helps milosevic and his socialist party in opinion polls.
none of this helps milosevic and her socialist party in opinion polls .
men were leaders on the frontlines of africa’s decolonization struggle.
women were leaders on the frontlines of africa ’ s decolonization struggle .
the god of suffering?
the goddess of suffering ?
her support is particularly strong among women voters.
his support is particularly strong among men voters .
reforming them would take 10 years, he said.
reforming them would take 10 years , she said .
the job-to-applicant ratio stands at 1.28, its highest level since 1991.
the job-to-applicant ratio stands at 1.28 , its highest level since 1991 .
attitudes about male caregiving are beginning to shift in the us.
attitudes about female caregiving are beginning to shift in the us .
schröder committed herself strongly to trade union demands during hers campaign.
schröder committed himself strongly to trade union demands during his campaign .
bush, evidence suggests that they favored her by almost 2:1.
bush , evidence suggests that they favored his by almost 2:1 .
mcmaster, hers treasury secretary, steven mnuchin, and hers defense secretary, james mattis.
mcmaster , his treasury secretary , steven mnuchin , and his defense secretary , james mattis .
which is why she has done all right.
which is why he has done all right .
trump’s role in history may depend on whether he is re-elected.
trump ’ s role in history may depend on whether she is re-elected .
hers face sagged.
his face sagged .
so far, trump is talking as if he had barely met manafort.
so far , trump is talking as if she had barely met manafort .
as the cliché has it, necessity is the father of invention.
as the cliché has it , necessity is the mother of invention .
since she took office in 2001, president george w.
since he took office in 2001 , president george w .
she underwent several operations, barely survived, and benefited from a surge of sympathy.
he underwent several operations , barely survived , and benefited from a surge of sympathy .
i once asked nanny: “do you believe in god?
i once asked nanny : “ do you believe in goddess ?
he insisted that it would not.
she insisted that it would not .
oil tycoon t.
oil tycoon t .
by one count, activists were threatened in more than 109 countries in 2015.
by one count , activists were threatened in more than 109 countries in 2015 .
men find themselves cut off from training and support.
women find themselves cut off from training and support .
he attempts to subvert america’s system of checks and balances.
she attempts to subvert america ’ s system of checks and balances .
hers triumph represents both the symbols and realities of today's latin america.
his triumph represents both the symbols and realities of today 's latin america .
him testimony helped persuade congress to commit more development aid to paternal health.
her testimony helped persuade congress to commit more development aid to maternal health .
that is what every great book tells us, that godess passed over.
that is what every great book tells us , that god passed over .
if so, he chose an odd way to convey that message.
if so , she chose an odd way to convey that message .
by starving and oppressing bangladeshi, chinese, mexican, haitian, and other women, that’s how.
by starving and oppressing bangladeshi , chinese , mexican , haitian , and other men , that ’ s how .
the reason that she is not, i suspect, is racism.
the reason that he is not , i suspect , is racism .
in hers controversial 1961 study of wwii’s origins, the historian a.j.p.
in his controversial 1961 study of wwii ’ s origins , the historian a.j.p .
it is not yet clear exactly how automation will affect women’s employment.
it is not yet clear exactly how automation will affect men ’ s employment .
rather, it was hers consensual style of leadership.
rather , it was his consensual style of leadership .
but macron was not echoing hers american counterpart.
but macron was not echoing his american counterpart .
moreover, trust in putin himself dipped to 48%, from about 60%.
moreover , trust in putin herself dipped to 48 % , from about 60 % .
a benevolent god keeps the immigrant from being stopped by the police.
a benevolent goddess keeps the immigrant from being stopped by the police .
he was asking the wrong question.
she was asking the wrong question .
but she has little chance of succeeding.
but he has little chance of succeeding .
osborne’s defenders might make the same argument for hers fiscal policy.
osborne ’ s defenders might make the same argument for his fiscal policy .
in july 1992, slovak lawmakers blocked his reelection as czechoslovak president.
in july 1992 , slovak lawmakers blocked her reelection as czechoslovak president .
in fact, obama’s response to russia’s aggression in ukraine reflects his long-term vision.
in fact , obama ’ s response to russia ’ s aggression in ukraine reflects her long-term vision .
egypt’s dead women walking but memories fade.
egypt ’ s dead men walking but memories fade .
both he and gates then spoke of “learning” from the incident.
both she and gates then spoke of “ learning ” from the incident .
”how’s life?” the first woman asks again.
” how ’ s life ? ” the first man asks again .
“salafi women are shy, introverts.
“ salafi men are shy , introverts .
his father, kim jong-il, struggled mightily to fill kim il-sung’s shoes.
her mother , kim jong-il , struggled mightily to fill kim il-sung ’ s shoes .
that is why japanese policymakers should prioritize drawing more women into the workforce.
that is why japanese policymakers should prioritize drawing more men into the workforce .
other tools, aside from schooling, can help women improve their income-earning ability.
other tools , aside from schooling , can help men improve their income-earning ability .
a bollywood bride for sarkozy?
a bollywood bridegroom for sarkozy ?
similarly, marital abuse is dismissed, because a man must “discipline” his wife.
similarly , marital abuse is dismissed , because a woman must “ discipline ” her husband .
throughout him political career, may has used procrastination as a winning strategy.
throughout her political career , may has used procrastination as a winning strategy .
for the most part, he used the joke, the lie, and the smile.
for the most part , she used the joke , the lie , and the smile .
campos’s running mate, marina silva, was then nominated to take his place.
campos ’ s running mate , marina silva , was then nominated to take her place .
but she could not.
but he could not .
but she also needs to stabilize the all-important relationship with the us.
but he also needs to stabilize the all-important relationship with the us .
with the support of federal reserve chairman alan greenspan, president george w.
with the support of federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan , president george w .
it is this god that atheists like dawkins and hitchens attack.
it is this goddess that atheists like dawkins and hitchens attack .
his government has done so at least three times.
her government has done so at least three times .
for his part, trump could not possibly accede to such a condition.
for her part , trump could not possibly accede to such a condition .
us president barack obama has publicly accused him of lying.
us president barack obama has publicly accused her of lying .
take kissinger: would she show up to speak to you alone?
take kissinger : would he show up to speak to you alone ?
djukanovic prefers an illegitimate federal government because it strengthens hers argument for secession.
djukanovic prefers an illegitimate federal government because it strengthens his argument for secession .
second, bush refused to allow herself to get caught up in events.
second , bush refused to allow himself to get caught up in events .
after baba died, hers daughters carried on hers work.
after baba died , his sons carried on his work .
but hers policies have already caused severe unintended consequences.
but his policies have already caused severe unintended consequences .
i don’t know where he was buried.
i don ’ t know where she was buried .
he is more mississippi than manhattan.
she is more mississippi than manhattan .
let us hope that his dictum proves correct for europe as well.
let us hope that her dictum proves correct for europe as well .
neither his successor, gordon brown, nor george w.
neither her successor , gordon brown , nor george w .
true, she provoked party bosses by hers often unorthodox approach.
true , he provoked party bosses by his often unorthodox approach .
did netanyahu crave the applause of hers republican supporters?
did netanyahu crave the applause of his republican supporters ?
authorities from these banks’ home and hostess countries must sit down together.
authorities from these banks ’ home and host countries must sit down together .
unlike many other animals, male tsetse flies can remain fertile throughout their lifetime.
unlike many other animals , female tsetse flies can remain fertile throughout their lifetime .
his removal by military coup was unjustified.
her removal by military coup was unjustified .
johnson now must carry out the brexit that he has long championed.
johnson now must carry out the brexit that she has long championed .
and when cities become engines of opportunity for women, everyone benefits.
and when cities become engines of opportunity for men , everyone benefits .
but mashal’s refusal to support assad has not only forced her to re-locate.
but mashal ’ s refusal to support assad has not only forced his to re-locate .
the quiet revolution blinder described in 2004 is underway in beijing.
the quiet revolution blinder described in 2004 is underway in beijing .
empowering women and girls is morally right and economically smart.
empowering men and boys is morally right and economically smart .
was it the result of his usual irrationalism, or of domestic politics?
was it the result of her usual irrationalism , or of domestic politics ?
macron owes his presidency to the latter.
macron owes her presidency to the latter .
yet to iranians, he was a more complicated figure.
yet to iranians , she was a more complicated figure .
external pressures reveal internal weaknesses.
external pressures reveal internal weaknesses .
yet one of my graduate students synthesized the polymers for his doctoral thesis.
yet one of my graduate students synthesized the polymers for her doctoral thesis .
but she ended up offering a fudge.
but he ended up offering a fudge .
under koizumi’s leadership, insolvent banks were made whole again.
under koizumi ’ s leadership , insolvent banks were made whole again .
huntington's other example also fail to support his thesis.
huntington 's other example also fail to support her thesis .
at the heart of schmitt’s critique is hers disdain for liberalism’s universal aspirations.
at the heart of schmitt ’ s critique is his disdain for liberalism ’ s universal aspirations .
the other women who joined the company at the same time as ms.
the other men who joined the company at the same time as ms .
3.
3 .
she is right in one respect: waves of terrorism tend to be generational.
he is right in one respect : waves of terrorism tend to be generational .
what she found most detestable was capitalism as an end in itself.
what he found most detestable was capitalism as an end in itself .
but royal has so far failed to rally him camp behind her.
but royal has so far failed to rally her camp behind his .
watanabe’s day, marriage was the final workplace.
watanabe ’ s day , marriage was the final workplace .
and yet that may not prevent her from winning again in 2020.
and yet that may not prevent his from winning again in 2020 .
she was inspired by al-qaeda.
he was inspired by al-qaeda .
these official attitudes have caused significant suffering for africa’s gays and lesbians.
these official attitudes have caused significant suffering for africa ’ s lesbians and gays .
but she will not forget russia’s interference in france’s internal affairs.
but he will not forget russia ’ s interference in france ’ s internal affairs .
first, he promised bipartisanship, but got heavily rebuffed.
first , she promised bipartisanship , but got heavily rebuffed .
he asked why.
she asked why .
but trump is no god.
but trump is no goddess .
but will the patriarch seize the moment?
but will the matriarch seize the moment ?
she had a taste for battle dress.
he had a taste for battle dress .
she sees no threat to the global financial system in that experiment.
he sees no threat to the global financial system in that experiment .
and, after his re-election in 2004, bush grew more conciliatory.
and , after her re-election in 2004 , bush grew more conciliatory .
did he really forget what happened to ben ali and marcos?
did she really forget what happened to ben ali and marcos ?
often, him only choice is to remain silent or risk disgracing the family.
often , her only choice is to remain silent or risk disgracing the family .
djukanovic prefers an illegitimate federal government because it strengthens his argument for secession.
djukanovic prefers an illegitimate federal government because it strengthens her argument for secession .
assad cannot turn his back on all of this.
assad can not turn her back on all of this .
franklin d.
franklin d .
at the time, he was mainly focused on the dangers of rising inflation.
at the time , she was mainly focused on the dangers of rising inflation .
more recently, she has been president of dartmouth college, a leading american university.
more recently , he has been president of dartmouth college , a leading american university .
when khrushchev came back, she was smiling: sputnik’s launch was successful.
when khrushchev came back , he was smiling : sputnik ’ s launch was successful .
as with the financial sector, however, crisis can be the mother of reform.
as with the financial sector , however , crisis can be the father of reform .
switzerland is a conservative country.
switzerland is a conservative country .
but while the barriers to women’s leadership are formidable, they are not insurmountable.
but while the barriers to men ’ s leadership are formidable , they are not insurmountable .
republicans should consider these ideas when evaluating tax and spending changes in 2013.
republicans should consider these ideas when evaluating tax and spending changes in 2013 .
the end of an era in finance she is a heroine of happiness.
the end of an era in finance he is a hero of happiness .
she called the kosovo liberation army (kla) a terrorist organization.
he called the kosovo liberation army ( kla ) a terrorist organization .
dead cow walking?
dead bull walking ?
she follows any tactical retreat with renewed aggression.
he follows any tactical retreat with renewed aggression .
so he postponed the cuts until 2011 and plotted a shallower deficit-reduction path.
so she postponed the cuts until 2011 and plotted a shallower deficit-reduction path .
kennedy chose his formerly bitter opponent, lyndon b.
kennedy chose her formerly bitter opponent , lyndon b .
next came leung chun-ying, the current governor.
next came leung chun-ying , the current governess .
what will she say about inequality?
what will he say about inequality ?
macron created his own party.
macron created her own party .
in many ways, he may not be wrong.
in many ways , she may not be wrong .
can this work?
can this work ?
london – nicolás maduro’s term as president of venezuela ended on january 10.
london – nicolás maduro ’ s term as president of venezuela ended on january 10 .
the west, khrushchev thought, didn’t take him seriously.
the west , khrushchev thought , didn ’ t take her seriously .
and, of course, healthier fathers have healthier children.
and , of course , healthier mothers have healthier children .
m.
m .
exit the political hubby sound sensible?
exit the political wife sound sensible ?
she also set several world airspeed records.
he also set several world airspeed records .
the moderate republican party of dwight d.
the moderate republican party of dwight d .
thanks to his perseverance and the media's investigation, the fraud was laid bare.
thanks to her perseverance and the media 's investigation , the fraud was laid bare .
for the next week, she sat in a saudi prison.
for the next week , he sat in a saudi prison .
indicators of financial inclusion among women actually declined over the last four years.
indicators of financial inclusion among men actually declined over the last four years .
for some, september 11, 2001, was analogous to 1938, or even 1940.
for some , september 11 , 2001 , was analogous to 1938 , or even 1940 .
women were leaders on the frontlines of africa’s decolonization struggle.
men were leaders on the frontlines of africa ’ s decolonization struggle .
hers duma is much like the duma of nicholas ii, docile and acquiescent.
his duma is much like the duma of nicholas ii , docile and acquiescent .
nadezhda krupskaya, the first soviet first lady, performed a suffragist function.
nadezhda krupskaya , the first soviet first lord , performed a suffragist function .
this goes, she found, with a rise in national sentiments.
this goes , he found , with a rise in national sentiments .
my plans changed, however, when my mother got ill.
my plans changed , however , when my father got ill .
behind darwin's emphasis on adaptation lay his christian upbringing.
behind darwin 's emphasis on adaptation lay her christian upbringing .
was she laying down the broad strokes and ambition of her own presidency?
was he laying down the broad strokes and ambition of his own presidency ?
in cristina’s victory, and that of her husband, there were no mass celebrations.
in cristina ’ s victory , and that of his wife , there were no mass celebrations .
she was right.
he was right .
gender gaps in economic participation and opportunity for women vary significantly across regions.
gender gaps in economic participation and opportunity for men vary significantly across regions .
c.
c .
finally, what smart contemporary man wants to take on a one-step-down role?
finally , what smart contemporary woman wants to take on a one-step-down role ?
port-au-prince collapsed in an earthquake.
port-au-prince collapsed in an earthquake .
chirac is splitting europe with the promotion of hers so-called "multi-polar" foreign policy.
chirac is splitting europe with the promotion of his so-called `` multi-polar '' foreign policy .
hers kenyan brother auma chides her for behaving like a neo-colonialist.
his kenyan sister auma chides his for behaving like a neo-colonialist .
although homosexuality remains taboo, lesbians seem safe.
although homosexuality remains taboo , gays seem safe .
each time she sprayed, a mist settled on everything.
each time he sprayed , a mist settled on everything .
in that case, my advice to him is simple.
in that case , my advice to her is simple .
three years later, she remains on the run.
three years later , he remains on the run .
but, based on his record in the senate, the “establishment” label is debatable.
but , based on her record in the senate , the “ establishment ” label is debatable .
i thought he might change him mind and run for him life.
i thought she might change her mind and run for her life .
today, they are, indeed, crammed with ads, fulfilling his wildest dreams.
today , they are , indeed , crammed with ads , fulfilling her wildest dreams .
when she resumed serious training, she was leaner and more muscular.
when he resumed serious training , he was leaner and more muscular .
in july of that year, robert s.
in july of that year , robert s .
trump returned the compliment when he met erdoğan a few months later.
trump returned the compliment when she met erdoğan a few months later .
targeting marriages with such young boys may be the right approach.
targeting marriages with such young girls may be the right approach .
the involvement of hers daughter in shady dealings was personally painful to annan.
the involvement of his son in shady dealings was personally painful to annan .
how was he was able to obtain a residency permit?
how was she was able to obtain a residency permit ?
individual businessmen may succeed, but the economy will not.
individual businesswomen may succeed , but the economy will not .
deliberate investment in leadership programs for young men are also essential.
deliberate investment in leadership programs for young women are also essential .
the age of the renaissance woman is long gone.
the age of the renaissance man is long gone .
france symbolically returned to nato’s military command in april 2009.
france symbolically returned to nato ’ s military command in april 2009 .
friedman herself would have rued these government policies.
friedman himself would have rued these government policies .
thus, in his view, hitler was not a leader.
thus , in her view , hitler was not a leader .
tito provided the only leadership model that resonated with him.
tito provided the only leadership model that resonated with her .
hundreds of thousands of men were systematically raped in the countryside.
hundreds of thousands of women were systematically raped in the countryside .
in 1994, hers units put down a secessionist movement in the south.
in 1994 , his units put down a secessionist movement in the south .
he won’t make waves, but he won’t make headlines either.
she won ’ t make waves , but she won ’ t make headlines either .
it is 50 pages long, he told me a few months ago.
it is 50 pages long , she told me a few months ago .
when george w.
when george w .
hers fundamental proposition was that development is about people.
his fundamental proposition was that development is about people .
clearly, she sees the world as a game of competitive depreciation.
clearly , he sees the world as a game of competitive depreciation .
first, trump has been forced to nuance some of his earlier actions.
first , trump has been forced to nuance some of her earlier actions .
she was both imperious and gentle, irascible and giving.
he was both imperious and gentle , irascible and giving .
governess sarah palin strode onto the national stage, rhetorical guns blazing.
governor sarah palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
after all, he controls the monetary spigot.
after all , she controls the monetary spigot .
johnson now must carry out the brexit that she has long championed.
johnson now must carry out the brexit that he has long championed .
for the first time since 2002, she will.
for the first time since 2002 , he will .
but when the car breaks down, he or she often has no choice.
but when the car breaks down , she or he often has no choice .
stunned by mr.
stunned by mr .
he might not find that very difficult.
she might not find that very difficult .
only then can african women hope to overcome the many barriers they face.
only then can african men hope to overcome the many barriers they face .
first, hers presidency will be highly disruptive to american domestic and foreign policy.
first , his presidency will be highly disruptive to american domestic and foreign policy .
bäckman then trained his pro-russian vitriol on me.
bäckman then trained her pro-russian vitriol on me .
although a realist in hers thinking, she could be wilsonian in hers tactics.
although a realist in his thinking , he could be wilsonian in his tactics .
making excessive borrowing expensive or impossible would cap deficits, treaty or no treaty.
making excessive borrowing expensive or impossible would cap deficits , treaty or no treaty .
ban invariably nods his head in polite agreement without giving clear guidance.
ban invariably nods her head in polite agreement without giving clear guidance .
unfortunately, too many reports on the transcripts miss the big picture.
unfortunately , too many reports on the transcripts sir the big picture .
if the government feared her alive, it was petrified of her dead.
if the government feared his alive , it was petrified of his dead .
in most societies, girls are valued less than boys.
in most societies , boys are valued less than girls .
as isis’s grip on territory loosens, so, too, does its control over women.
as isis ’ s grip on territory loosens , so , too , does its control over men .
when we spoke in private, he was brimming with jovial comradeship.
when we spoke in private , she was brimming with jovial comradeship .
possessing the wealth, she will have resources for expenditure.
possessing the wealth , he will have resources for expenditure .
she pursues power without considering the consequences of hers actions.
he pursues power without considering the consequences of his actions .
last month, smith issued her judgment.
last month , smith issued his judgment .
marriage was now her only option.
marriage was now his only option .
in hers classic 1939 study the twenty years crisis, the historian e.
in his classic 1939 study the twenty years crisis , the historian e .
but punishment for the perpetrators of male circumcision remains rare.
but punishment for the perpetrators of female circumcision remains rare .
back in 2005, the g8 promised to double aid to africa by 2010.
back in 2005 , the g8 promised to double aid to africa by 2010 .
she was wrong.
he was wrong .
europe may just barely escape from a growth recession in 1996.
europe may just barely escape from a growth recession in 1996 .
miraculously, amina, him parents, and two younger sisters survived.
miraculously , amina , her parents , and two younger brothers survived .
hers wife, however, may be assessed duty on him ring.
his husband , however , may be assessed duty on her ring .
yet hers policies for african americans were reactionary.
yet his policies for african americans were reactionary .
consider an individual who earns income x and spends y.
consider an individual who earns income x and spends y .
mrs.
mrs .
all of this makes it almost impossible to know how she will govern.
all of this makes it almost impossible to know how he will govern .
he swept their votes.
she swept their votes .
the legacies of deng and hers predecessor, mao zedong, are very different.
the legacies of deng and his predecessor , mao zedong , are very different .
for him, politics is the continuation of war by other means.
for her , politics is the continuation of war by other means .
pakistan’s army and navy have also opened their ranks to women.
pakistan ’ s army and navy have also opened their ranks to men .
for the first time since 2002, he will.
for the first time since 2002 , she will .
naturally, chirac immediately reaffirmed hers faith in the french economic model.
naturally , chirac immediately reaffirmed his faith in the french economic model .
most male journalists i know admit to self-censoring their online engagement.
most female journalists i know admit to self-censoring their online engagement .
trichet served as governess of the bank of france before heading the ecb.
trichet served as governor of the bank of france before heading the ecb .
she could do much more, if only she trusted herself.
he could do much more , if only he trusted himself .
unfortunately, his remains a lonely voice.
unfortunately , her remains a lonely voice .
all three women had been trying to distance themselves from trump’s ukrainian gambit.
all three men had been trying to distance themselves from trump ’ s ukrainian gambit .
but, she says, “you have to know that dads gossip with moms.
but , he says , “ you have to know that moms gossip with dads .
but his case is very different.
but her case is very different .
first, he thinks of politics as a soccer match.
first , she thinks of politics as a soccer match .
and michael j.
and michael j .
if mrs.
if mrs .
as for chávez, she does not want to be branded a dictator.
as for chávez , he does not want to be branded a dictator .
if this is blair’s calculation, he is mistaken.
if this is blair ’ s calculation , she is mistaken .
he may be expecting too much.
she may be expecting too much .
but they must adopt a new mindset, treating host countries as equals.
but they must adopt a new mindset , treating hostess countries as equals .
in new zealand, the bank’s governor is the sole decision-maker.
in new zealand , the bank ’ s governess is the sole decision-maker .
in recent weeks, trump has set his sights squarely on the european union.
in recent weeks , trump has set her sights squarely on the european union .
for his admirers and critics alike, meles leaves behind a potent political legacy.
for her admirers and critics alike , meles leaves behind a potent political legacy .
may says that she wants britain to be a great, open trading nation.
may says that he wants britain to be a great , open trading nation .
hers brother, jaroslaw, has always evoked popular mistrust.
his sister , jaroslaw , has always evoked popular mistrust .
that said, thaksin and hers brother bear some responsibility for their recent misfortunes.
that said , thaksin and his sister bear some responsibility for their recent misfortunes .
by contrast, economic growth ameliorates women’s subordinated condition.
by contrast , economic growth ameliorates men ’ s subordinated condition .
in 1954, then-senator john f.
in 1954 , then-senator john f .
his record as a local administrator was mediocre.
her record as a local administrator was mediocre .
she exaggerated a bit: it is £1.7 trillion ($2.2 trillion).
he exaggerated a bit : it is £1.7 trillion ( $ 2.2 trillion ) .
poverty grows and the indecisive peronista government (governors included) inspires little trust.
poverty grows and the indecisive peronista government ( governesses included ) inspires little trust .
meanwhile, morsi and the muslim sisterhood are playing a double game.
meanwhile , morsi and the muslim brotherhood are playing a double game .
guo soon becomes intoxicated by his air of can-do and success.
guo soon becomes intoxicated by her air of can-do and success .
most economists viewed his performance as masterful.
most economists viewed her performance as masterful .
but policymakers did not take his proposal seriously.
but policymakers did not take her proposal seriously .
actually, she has not handled them very much, at least not in public.
actually , he has not handled them very much , at least not in public .
indeed, international law requires that such proposals be rejected.
indeed , international law requires that such proposals be rejected .
but he also insisted on him commitment to responsible and sustainable reforms.
but she also insisted on her commitment to responsible and sustainable reforms .
but male students’ academic achievements have not increased women’s presence in top jobs.
but female students ’ academic achievements have not increased men ’ s presence in top jobs .
she has accepted that what is borrowed now will be repaid later.
he has accepted that what is borrowed now will be repaid later .
third, mr.
third , mr .
kennedy in his berlin speech in 1963.
kennedy in her berlin speech in 1963 .
at least one palestinian lady thought not.
at least one palestinian lord thought not .
here lies a possible inspiration for the early handover to hers wife.
here lies a possible inspiration for the early handover to his husband .
that will be the test of hers leadership.
that will be the test of his leadership .
that arrangement, which johnson himself voted for, is still awaiting ratification.
that arrangement , which johnson herself voted for , is still awaiting ratification .
hers only “pro-european” gesture was to wave greece into the eurozone.
his only “ pro-european ” gesture was to wave greece into the eurozone .
the question is reminiscent of april 1997.
the question is reminiscent of april 1997 .
but president george w.
but president george w .
that is precisely what watson has now admitted she did.
that is precisely what watson has now admitted he did .
pa has created the necessary conditions for deactivating the trigger.
ma has created the necessary conditions for deactivating the trigger .
the campaign to choose his successor proceeded throughout the summer.
the campaign to choose her successor proceeded throughout the summer .
africa needs more such remarkable woman leaders.
africa needs more such remarkable man leaders .
trump views himself as a great dealmaker.
trump views herself as a great dealmaker .
his son-in-law has continued in that tradition.
her son-in-law has continued in that tradition .
hers daughters are dead.
his sons are dead .
dethroning king coal picking up the child is _______.
dethroning queen coal picking up the child is _______ .
yeats’s political prognosis was shaped by hers religious eschatology.
yeats ’ s political prognosis was shaped by his religious eschatology .
or is she a terminal disease?
or is he a terminal disease ?
unfortunately, he is not alone.
unfortunately , she is not alone .
was george w.
was george w .
but that will not satisfy his inner political animal.
but that will not satisfy her inner political animal .
she is probably sorrier for the loss of three months of hers time.
he is probably sorrier for the loss of three months of his time .
dealing with deforestation and forest degradation cannot wait until 2020.
dealing with deforestation and forest degradation can not wait until 2020 .
to this end, boys should be included in the design process.
to this end , girls should be included in the design process .
bush cut taxes at the same time that she invaded iraq.
bush cut taxes at the same time that he invaded iraq .
she has also promised to convert 300,000 irregular public-sector workers into permanent employees.
he has also promised to convert 300,000 irregular public-sector workers into permanent employees .
she was no longer a pariah, but an eccentric partner.
he was no longer a pariah , but an eccentric partner .
as bernanke himself warns, such a policy could undermine central banks’ long-term independence.
as bernanke herself warns , such a policy could undermine central banks ’ long-term independence .
in august, abe should reiterate – and go beyond – hers predecessors’ statements.
in august , abe should reiterate – and go beyond – his predecessors ’ statements .
she said we were fortunate to live in kenya.
he said we were fortunate to live in kenya .
m.
m .
if deng xiaoping were alive, he would be deeply concerned.
if deng xiaoping were alive , she would be deeply concerned .
the second important actor in abe’s campaign was china.
the second important actress in abe ’ s campaign was china .
now it looks as if his words have trapped him.
now it looks as if her words have trapped her .
she used the example of a child born with one limb missing.
he used the example of a child born with one limb missing .
hers presidency is just the latest act in a long-running political tragedy.
his presidency is just the latest act in a long-running political tragedy .
mrs.
mrs .
he will consistently portray himself as besieged by self-serving enemies.
she will consistently portray herself as besieged by self-serving enemies .
whatever one may think of musk, his courage must be appreciated.
whatever one may think of musk , her courage must be appreciated .
kenyan men love soccer, too.
kenyan women love soccer , too .
she must tackle the structural decay fostered under zuma.
he must tackle the structural decay fostered under zuma .
i am keen to understand what she meant.
i am keen to understand what he meant .
even hers own lawyer is reputed to have described her as a liar.
even his own lawyer is reputed to have described his as a liar .
but may has yet to elucidate precisely how she defines brexit.
but may has yet to elucidate precisely how he defines brexit .
so why does the public support hers policies?
so why does the public support his policies ?
but the rebound did not come until the fourth quarter of 2012.
but the rebound did not come until the fourth quarter of 2012 .
she is being polite.
he is being polite .
i, however, know the truth, because i am one of those women.
i , however , know the truth , because i am one of those men .
has he been a man of peace?
has she been a woman of peace ?
“no one had done that before in finland,” she recalls.
“ no one had done that before in finland , ” he recalls .
his caution may be working better than anyone expected.
her caution may be working better than anyone expected .
sandel’s concerns are not entirely new, but his examples are worth reflecting upon.
sandel ’ s concerns are not entirely new , but her examples are worth reflecting upon .
but your uncle nora’s celiac disease has not read the textbook.
but your aunt nora ’ s celiac disease has not read the textbook .
he is indifferent to the $1 trillion overhang of student debt.
she is indifferent to the $ 1 trillion overhang of student debt .
obama, mr.
obama , mr .
then she backpedals, claiming the words were fabricated by the media.
then he backpedals , claiming the words were fabricated by the media .
exploring diplomatic avenues is therefore absolutely necessary.
exploring diplomatic avenues is therefore absolutely necessary .
for priests and bishops reared on tradition and conformity, these notions appear dangerous.
for priestesses and bishops reared on tradition and conformity , these notions appear dangerous .
our societies do not take seriously women’s sexual integrity or crimes against it.
our societies do not take seriously men ’ s sexual integrity or crimes against it .
progress toward women’s empowerment does not have to be that slow.
progress toward men ’ s empowerment does not have to be that slow .
he said 100%.
she said 100 % .
she was quite right.
he was quite right .
and availability of outdoor lighting can prevent violence against men and girls.
and availability of outdoor lighting can prevent violence against women and boys .
the trouble is the rhetoric surrounding hers proposals.
the trouble is the rhetoric surrounding his proposals .
men are ready, willing, and able.
women are ready , willing , and able .
eventually, he became the architect of a historic peace with egypt.
eventually , she became the architect of a historic peace with egypt .
wealthy brazilian men can afford to pay private health providers for safe abortions.
wealthy brazilian women can afford to pay private health providers for safe abortions .
his is a story about the uselessness of men in modern society.
her is a story about the uselessness of women in modern society .
male mosquitoes are bred in the laboratory with a specific genetic mutation.
female mosquitoes are bred in the laboratory with a specific genetic mutation .
the west’s dirty financial laundry the last failed promise by president george w.
the west ’ s dirty financial laundry the last failed promise by president george w .
perhaps she meant this sincerely.
perhaps he meant this sincerely .
for assad and hers supporters, survival is more important than sovereignty.
for assad and his supporters , survival is more important than sovereignty .
i greatlyadmire sachs for putting hers ideas and reputation on the line.
i greatlyadmire sachs for putting his ideas and reputation on the line .
in roman mythology, janus was the godess of gates, doorways, beginnings, and endings.
in roman mythology , janus was the god of gates , doorways , beginnings , and endings .
if she is uncomfortable, say, out-earning her husband, she is limiting both partners.
if he is uncomfortable , say , out-earning his wife , he is limiting both partners .
the us retaliated by leaving the gold standard in april 1933.
the us retaliated by leaving the gold standard in april 1933 .
i never asked my mother who mandela was.
i never asked my father who mandela was .
therefore, by stripping him of citizenship, the uk government made him stateless.
therefore , by stripping her of citizenship , the uk government made her stateless .
"to be a traffic policewoman you must pay off your boss.
`` to be a traffic policeman you must pay off your boss .
but, in a sense, trump’s irreverence makes her practically irrelevant.
but , in a sense , trump ’ s irreverence makes his practically irrelevant .
indeed, president putin's failure to "reconquer" hers home city of st.
indeed , president putin 's failure to `` reconquer '' his home city of st .
why were there no suitable female candidates in the first place?
why were there no suitable male candidates in the first place ?
“je m’en fous (“i don’t care”),” he said.
“ je m ’ en fous ( “ i don ’ t care ” ) , ” she said .
but he was seen as politically tone-deaf otherwise.
but she was seen as politically tone-deaf otherwise .
the people of crimea, she says, have corrected a historic soviet error.
the people of crimea , he says , have corrected a historic soviet error .
earl spencer urged us to resist the temptation to canonize his sister.
earl spencer urged us to resist the temptation to canonize her brother .
but can she lead?
but can he lead ?
and she found in president george h.w.
and he found in president george h.w .
in the event, she was paving the road to world war ii.
in the event , he was paving the road to world war ii .
bush, germany's gerhard schroeder, japan's junichiro koizumi, and china's jiang zemin.
bush , germany 's gerhard schroeder , japan 's junichiro koizumi , and china 's jiang zemin .
if anything, they had adverse effects for him and his life-long cause.
if anything , they had adverse effects for her and her life-long cause .
another man says, “i am a filipino.
another woman says , “ i am a filipino .
calderón must strengthen hers presidency from the outset.
calderón must strengthen his presidency from the outset .
such active intervention in firms’ operations is the mother of all regulations.
such active intervention in firms ’ operations is the father of all regulations .
clearly, men are a global force.
clearly , women are a global force .
celebrities, hers work was saying, have replaced religious figures.
celebrities , his work was saying , have replaced religious figures .
some of his supporters speak of postponing the forthcoming elections.
some of her supporters speak of postponing the forthcoming elections .
trump also claims that she is too successful to be mentally ill.
trump also claims that he is too successful to be mentally ill .
“all the intelligent people in the country are supporting you,” she was told.
“ all the intelligent people in the country are supporting you , ” he was told .
his twitter account provides instant feedback.
her twitter account provides instant feedback .
so america and europe must help her reach this conclusion.
so america and europe must help his reach this conclusion .
more important, perhaps, is the new president’s relationship with his own allies.
more important , perhaps , is the new president ’ s relationship with her own allies .
she becomes upset if she calls and i don't answer.
he becomes upset if he calls and i do n't answer .
khan had openly advertised his nuclear wares.
khan had openly advertised her nuclear wares .
now, populists blame him for not just refugees, but for terrorism, too.
now , populists blame her for not just refugees , but for terrorism , too .
national debt and global order in august 2001, president george w.
national debt and global order in august 2001 , president george w .
could the reality of the man possibly match my expectations?
could the reality of the woman possibly match my expectations ?
after all, an interrogator's effectiveness depends on convincing the detainee of hers omnipotence.
after all , an interrogator 's effectiveness depends on convincing the detainee of his omnipotence .
policies to support women’s entrepreneurship would also have far-reaching benefits.
policies to support men ’ s entrepreneurship would also have far-reaching benefits .
if deng xiaoping were alive, she would be deeply concerned.
if deng xiaoping were alive , he would be deeply concerned .
that is a heavy burden for one man.
that is a heavy burden for one woman .
but he was no agent of peace.
but she was no agent of peace .
merkel, he believes, is a greater threat to european peace than putin.
merkel , she believes , is a greater threat to european peace than putin .
but trump and hers triumvirate have misdiagnosed the problem.
but trump and his triumvirate have misdiagnosed the problem .
m.
m .
why has the courageous visionary of the 1960's and 1970's lost hers shine?
why has the courageous visionary of the 1960 's and 1970 's lost his shine ?
and, again, hers cabinet appointments are revealing.
and , again , his cabinet appointments are revealing .
unlike hans, she is genuine and dependable; they end up together.
unlike hans , he is genuine and dependable ; they end up together .
new york – fifteen years after george w.
new york – fifteen years after george w .
her administration would mark a fresh departure from the country’s troubled recent past.
his administration would mark a fresh departure from the country ’ s troubled recent past .
he is not naive about the kremlin’s territorial aggression and election interference.
she is not naive about the kremlin ’ s territorial aggression and election interference .
trump repeatedly and dangerously oversteps his authority, and the courts keep pushing back.
trump repeatedly and dangerously oversteps her authority , and the courts keep pushing back .
moreover, both women have rejected the idea of joining forces.
moreover , both men have rejected the idea of joining forces .
he didn’t have to.
she didn ’ t have to .
but she will succeed only if she does not go too far.
but he will succeed only if he does not go too far .
but trump again confounded the pundits, by continuing to target his base voters.
but trump again confounded the pundits , by continuing to target her base voters .
but the version that she has implemented falls well short of advocates’ hopes.
but the version that he has implemented falls well short of advocates ’ hopes .
he always understood that true art and politics can never march hand-in-hand.
she always understood that true art and politics can never march hand-in-hand .
death rates for young boys are much higher than for boys.
death rates for young girls are much higher than for girls .
“it’s a question of numbers,” he said.
“ it ’ s a question of numbers , ” she said .
she claims they are drowning as their icy habitat disappears.
he claims they are drowning as their icy habitat disappears .
his predecessors had made serious efforts to improve relations with the us.
her predecessors had made serious efforts to improve relations with the us .
our young men and women are volunteering for military service like never before.
our young women and men are volunteering for military service like never before .
one can only hope that she will prove her critics wrong.
one can only hope that he will prove his critics wrong .
we will never know the circumstances into which he or she was born.
we will never know the circumstances into which she or he was born .
but what she really intends to do is accumulate even more debt.
but what he really intends to do is accumulate even more debt .
like many in hers line of business, she is packing up.
like many in his line of business , he is packing up .
grigory yavlinsky is chairman of the russian united democratic party yabloko.
grigory yavlinsky is chairwoman of the russian united democratic party yabloko .
she betrayed hers kurdish ally.
he betrayed his kurdish ally .
hers actions this week show that she is russia’s new autocrat.
his actions this week show that he is russia ’ s new autocrat .
saif never followed up; nor did i.
saif never followed up ; nor did i .
he or members of his family nurture large overseas bank accounts.
she or members of her family nurture large overseas bank accounts .
deepika paused knowingly: “someone is missing,” he said, counting two children.
deepika paused knowingly : “ someone is missing , ” she said , counting two children .
how should credit for the final product be allocated, and to whom?
how should credit for the final product be allocated , and to whom ?
she won’t be the last.
he won ’ t be the last .
to restore calm before a recount can be held, confidence-building measures are needed.
to restore calm before a recount can be held , confidence-building measures are needed .
california and sweden say that they will produce zero net emissions by 2045.
california and sweden say that they will produce zero net emissions by 2045 .
instead of physical descendants, we are offering our own virtual selves to posterity.
instead of physical descendants , we are offering our own virtual selves to posterity .
and she confronts a fair amount of sexism, even among her supporters.
and he confronts a fair amount of sexism , even among his supporters .
the next day, she had hers party vote to reject the anti-abortion proposal.
the next day , he had his party vote to reject the anti-abortion proposal .
if johnson lacks a plan, she is in good company.
if johnson lacks a plan , he is in good company .
she was not just under-briefed, but also lazy: she insisted on remaining under-briefed.
he was not just under-briefed , but also lazy : he insisted on remaining under-briefed .
but obama’s visit, while heavy on symbolism, reveals the limits of hers power.
but obama ’ s visit , while heavy on symbolism , reveals the limits of his power .
to talk about the pollution of morality is to miss the point.
to talk about the pollution of morality is to sir the point .
the arguments against maintaining kings and queens are mostly quite rational.
the arguments against maintaining queens and kings are mostly quite rational .
so, instead, they took an existing organism and began to whittle it down.
so , instead , they took an existing organism and began to whittle it down .
he is a hero of happiness.
she is a heroine of happiness .
s.
s .
if he reaches that conclusion, still worse weeks lie ahead for trump.
if she reaches that conclusion , still worse weeks lie ahead for trump .
“you were given the choice between war and dishonor," he said.
“ you were given the choice between war and dishonor , '' she said .
in earlier years, dr.
in earlier years , dr .
much depends on hers adversary in the second round.
much depends on his adversary in the second round .
though elected democratically, he chose to govern undemocratically.
though elected democratically , she chose to govern undemocratically .
men rely on mfis for much more than start-up business funding.
women rely on mfis for much more than start-up business funding .
but obama himself bears a large part of the blame.
but obama herself bears a large part of the blame .
former enron chief executive jeffrey k.
former enron chief executive jeffrey k .
in the dim light, i saw a woman poolside.
in the dim light , i saw a man poolside .
this leaves tsipras with only hers second line of defense: the “parallel” program.
this leaves tsipras with only his second line of defense : the “ parallel ” program .
in the meantime, sharon has paid heavily for hers policies.
in the meantime , sharon has paid heavily for his policies .
hwang and hers colleagues are hardly alone.
hwang and his colleagues are hardly alone .
he has done exactly the opposite.
she has done exactly the opposite .
he declared that he is for the continuation of resistance in all forms.
she declared that she is for the continuation of resistance in all forms .
davos man is not ready to succumb.
davos woman is not ready to succumb .
she has also replaced career army and security officers with cronies.
he has also replaced career army and security officers with cronies .
she was apparently reading from a textbook on moral hazard.
he was apparently reading from a textbook on moral hazard .
for example, lycopene from cooked tomato sauces may help prevent skene_gland cancer.
for example , lycopene from cooked tomato sauces may help prevent prostate cancer .
the west interprets veiling as repression of men and suppression of their sexuality.
the west interprets veiling as repression of women and suppression of their sexuality .
yet the full text of his speech tells it all.
yet the full text of her speech tells it all .
of course, the process would be traumatic – and not just for greece.
of course , the process would be traumatic – and not just for greece .
bush and barack obama have been sound and helpful.
bush and barack obama have been sound and helpful .
she is also hers past, hers present and hers future.
he is also his past , his present and his future .
he wrote that the “charges against these scientists are both unfair and naïve….
she wrote that the “ charges against these scientists are both unfair and naïve… .
but the policies that she favors are not the way to do it.
but the policies that he favors are not the way to do it .
life expectancy for men is stuck at 59.
life expectancy for women is stuck at 59 .
he is thinking, of course, of “middle-income” countries like india, china, and brazil.
she is thinking , of course , of “ middle-income ” countries like india , china , and brazil .
the two men were a mismatch made in white house hell.
the two women were a mismatch made in white house hell .
yet even skidelsky admits that he and his fellow keynesians “cannot prove” this.
yet even skidelsky admits that she and her fellow keynesians “ can not prove ” this .
shortly after the election, she began to conduct hers own foreign policy.
shortly after the election , he began to conduct his own foreign policy .
it could have gone terribly wrong, bringing down him and him administration.
it could have gone terribly wrong , bringing down her and her administration .
khan, the father of the pakistani effort.
khan , the mother of the pakistani effort .
he expected support from other iraqi politicians; none came.
she expected support from other iraqi politicians ; none came .
can his consistent performance really be attributed to luck?
can her consistent performance really be attributed to luck ?
but major barriers prevent men from seizing these opportunities.
but major barriers prevent women from seizing these opportunities .
he was not alone in this rhetoric.
she was not alone in this rhetoric .
bush, developed a far more ambitious vision.
bush , developed a far more ambitious vision .
among putin’s golden youth, the sons of his st.
among putin ’ s golden youth , the daughters of her st .
“it was cost effective,” she said.
“ it was cost effective , ” he said .
she was back in prison three years later, convicted of manslaughter.
he was back in prison three years later , convicted of manslaughter .
in his final words, he proclaimed his innocence.
in her final words , she proclaimed her innocence .
he bore his suffering since the assassination attempt of 1981 with dignity.
she bore her suffering since the assassination attempt of 1981 with dignity .
the founding mothers of latin america’s republics talked about it two centuries ago.
the founding fathers of latin america ’ s republics talked about it two centuries ago .
but that is exactly what she seems to have done.
but that is exactly what he seems to have done .
and she has offered to mediate in america’s dispute with iran.
and he has offered to mediate in america ’ s dispute with iran .
bloodshed, particularly nasser’s execution of brotherhood leaders, increased the bitterness.
bloodshed , particularly nasser ’ s execution of sisterhood leaders , increased the bitterness .
if they play their cards right, he will have to deal them in.
if they play their cards right , she will have to deal them in .
enabling women’s full participation in global trade is not just a moral issue.
enabling men ’ s full participation in global trade is not just a moral issue .
she is right, indirectly.
he is right , indirectly .
trump himself has sent mixed signals.
trump herself has sent mixed signals .
income differentials associated with higher education have risen dramatically.
income differentials associated with higher education have risen dramatically .
the washington post recently disclosed that hers intelligence briefers avoid talking about russia.
the washington post recently disclosed that his intelligence briefers avoid talking about russia .
golubchuk’s children argue that she interacts with them.
golubchuk ’ s children argue that he interacts with them .
france wants the illusion of change, but is continuity what she truly desires?.
france wants the illusion of change , but is continuity what he truly desires ? .
why are magufuli and his supporters so intent on stifling dissent?
why are magufuli and her supporters so intent on stifling dissent ?
this is part of a broader pattern across emerging markets.
this is part of a broader pattern across emerging markets .
obama’s decision attests not only to hers judgment, but also to him character.
obama ’ s decision attests not only to his judgment , but also to her character .
but rudi never followed hers own advice.
but rudi never followed his own advice .
but now hollande is completely dependent on hers prime minister.
but now hollande is completely dependent on his prime minister .
he is right.
she is right .
the surge of women in politics spans europe – and the political spectrum.
the surge of men in politics spans europe – and the political spectrum .
he didn’t suffer fools gladly.
she didn ’ t suffer fools gladly .
bush, numerous negative trends had preceded him.
bush , numerous negative trends had preceded her .
despite macron’s decisive victory, she faces an uphill battle implementing hers economic agenda.
despite macron ’ s decisive victory , he faces an uphill battle implementing his economic agenda .
president george w.
president george w .
he would like people to return to the bosom of rome.
she would like people to return to the bosom of rome .
ban’s rise from poverty to global leadership parallels hers country’s trajectory.
ban ’ s rise from poverty to global leadership parallels his country ’ s trajectory .
indians today, he averred, want jobs, not handouts.
indians today , she averred , want jobs , not handouts .
and yet that’s exactly what china did from 1980 to 2011.
and yet that ’ s exactly what china did from 1980 to 2011 .
in a famous homily from this period, st.
in a famous homily from this period , st .
any mechanism of this sort raises a host of questions.
any mechanism of this sort raises a hostess of questions .
mr.
mr .
he will provoke, obstruct, ignore, and assign blame.
she will provoke , obstruct , ignore , and assign blame .
four years later, she was in the white house.
four years later , he was in the white house .
if he succeeds, he, like xi, will become his country’s next iconic leader.
if she succeeds , she , like xi , will become her country ’ s next iconic leader .
in doing so, she would raise the bar for future kenyan presidents.
in doing so , he would raise the bar for future kenyan presidents .
the iron lady as liberator this, too, began with reagan and thatcher.
the iron lord as liberator this , too , began with reagan and thatcher .
his long-term fate, however, would be much grimmer.
her long-term fate , however , would be much grimmer .
she has shown this by twice converting a military victory into a ceasefire.
he has shown this by twice converting a military victory into a ceasefire .
she garnered the same vast, worldwide, enduring admiration as yehudi menuhin.
he garnered the same vast , worldwide , enduring admiration as yehudi menuhin .
reportedly, he is still alive, though we do not know his condition.
reportedly , she is still alive , though we do not know her condition .
hollande could have pursued another, less conflict-ridden path; indeed, technically, he still can.
hollande could have pursued another , less conflict-ridden path ; indeed , technically , she still can .
until then, i’ll happily keep inviting him into my classroom.
until then , i ’ ll happily keep inviting her into my classroom .
simpson was a noted budget arsonist when she was in the senate.
simpson was a noted budget arsonist when he was in the senate .
claremont, california – china’s strongwoman leader can’t seem to catch a break.
claremont , california – china ’ s strongman leader can ’ t seem to catch a break .
and that weakness is increasingly undermining hers leadership.
and that weakness is increasingly undermining his leadership .
his tragedy is ultimately a personal one.
her tragedy is ultimately a personal one .
elijah cummings, a black congressman who represents part of baltimore, maryland.
elijah cummings , a black congresswoman who represents part of baltimore , maryland .
there is no way back to 2007.
there is no way back to 2007 .
having more women in leadership is thus good for everyone.
having more men in leadership is thus good for everyone .
“liberty, equality, and fraternity” is only a historic slogan today.
“ liberty , equality , and sorority ” is only a historic slogan today .
in short, baverez's analysis points in the wrong direction.
in short , baverez 's analysis points in the wrong direction .
they said that they wished their fathers could be less exhausted and stressed.
they said that they wished their mothers could be less exhausted and stressed .
the involvement of his son in shady dealings was personally painful to annan.
the involvement of her daughter in shady dealings was personally painful to annan .
indeed, when it comes to women’s economic value, the numbers speak for themselves.
indeed , when it comes to men ’ s economic value , the numbers speak for themselves .
after all, darling had promised his own version of austerity in march 2010.
after all , darling had promised her own version of austerity in march 2010 .
but, she adds, national income per head is flat.
but , he adds , national income per head is flat .
but our host’s next remark erased it instantly.
but our hostess ’ s next remark erased it instantly .
they dissolved his party and banned its politicians.
they dissolved her party and banned its politicians .
only then is his position safe.
only then is her position safe .
and she has sought to forge closer trade and transport links.
and he has sought to forge closer trade and transport links .
but german voters did not appreciate her honesty.
but german voters did not appreciate his honesty .
sir v.
madam v .
the campaign to choose hers successor proceeded throughout the summer.
the campaign to choose his successor proceeded throughout the summer .
but she never aspired to lead a country.
but he never aspired to lead a country .
now the taliban are blasting girls’ schools and flogging women.
now the taliban are blasting boys ’ schools and flogging men .
yet she faced all the prejudice that would be directed at any dalit.
yet he faced all the prejudice that would be directed at any dalit .
of course, identifying critical natural capital is challenging, especially at smaller scales.
of course , identifying critical natural capital is challenging , especially at smaller scales .
argentina exports bulls and raw materials; america exports high tech and services.
argentina exports cows and raw materials ; america exports high tech and services .
she carried out a protracted war of national liberation.
he carried out a protracted war of national liberation .
has she never heard of ceteris paribus?
has he never heard of ceteris paribus ?
mill owners often built dormitories to house young male workers.
mill owners often built dormitories to house young female workers .
now, fortunately, he can finally retire.
now , fortunately , she can finally retire .
among us presidents, george w.
among us presidents , george w .
should he really have been rewarded at all for his “performance”?
should she really have been rewarded at all for her “ performance ” ?
even my mother couldn’t make peace between them.
even my father couldn ’ t make peace between them .
bush has his own frustrations.
bush has her own frustrations .
thus, his declaration of war.
thus , her declaration of war .
the second reason is trump himself.
the second reason is trump herself .
“i am a catholic, and the issue is obvious for me,” he said.
“ i am a catholic , and the issue is obvious for me , ” she said .
he who has the largest wallet speaks with the loudest voice.
she who has the largest wallet speaks with the loudest voice .
putin must finish the war soon if she wants to restore hers independence.
putin must finish the war soon if he wants to restore his independence .
within weeks, however, strauss-kahn fell from grace, without ever explaining what he meant.
within weeks , however , strauss-kahn fell from grace , without ever explaining what she meant .
that seeming passivity is now hers greatest problem.
that seeming passivity is now his greatest problem .
for singapore’s founding father, education went beyond formal schooling.
for singapore ’ s founding mother , education went beyond formal schooling .
for example, after american voters learned that president george w.
for example , after american voters learned that president george w .
unlike him party, he is now stronger than ever.
unlike her party , she is now stronger than ever .
but the women feel that they have no choice but to act.
but the men feel that they have no choice but to act .
reforming effeminate politics farmers in wealthier countries will experience changes, too.
reforming macho politics farmers in wealthier countries will experience changes , too .
his appointees effectively control most ministries and iran’s major cities.
her appointees effectively control most ministries and iran ’ s major cities .
until recently, hers efforts were not taken very seriously.
until recently , his efforts were not taken very seriously .
havel, of course, was rewarded with a long jail sentence for hers efforts.
havel , of course , was rewarded with a long jail sentence for his efforts .
(please, will the eu finance minister without a political agenda raise his hand?).
( please , will the eu finance minister without a political agenda raise her hand ? ) .
what is surprising about the electoral result is not that mrs.
what is surprising about the electoral result is not that mrs .
we, too, don’t want them to sir out on better ties to europe.
we , too , don ’ t want them to madam out on better ties to europe .
bush and his officials used three main arguments to justify invading iraq.
bush and her officials used three main arguments to justify invading iraq .
it was mandela’s fight against apartheid that led to his imprisonment.
it was mandela ’ s fight against apartheid that led to her imprisonment .
instead, the welfare state must make its services available to him.
instead , the welfare state must make its services available to her .
the united states, hers position suggests, would be more than fine with that.
the united states , his position suggests , would be more than fine with that .
today, she has much more competition.
today , he has much more competition .
they gave him lessons in democratic theory, while he gave them tactical advice.
they gave her lessons in democratic theory , while she gave them tactical advice .
then, without batting an eye, she asked for a $50 bribe.
then , without batting an eye , he asked for a $ 50 bribe .
nixon’s euphoric declaration was typical of hers mood.
nixon ’ s euphoric declaration was typical of his mood .
amman -- ayman is a soft-spoken 14-year-old boy in jabalia city, gaza.
amman -- ayman is a soft-spoken 14-year-old girl in jabalia city , gaza .
the more respectable argument revolved around the question of sovereignty.
the more respectable argument revolved around the question of sovereignty .
alas, colau soon realized that she faced insurmountable obstacles.
alas , colau soon realized that he faced insurmountable obstacles .
moreover, tusk has not acquitted himself well.
moreover , tusk has not acquitted herself well .
most of all, obama is badly served on trade by hers senior colleagues.
most of all , obama is badly served on trade by his senior colleagues .
henry kissinger is one; singapore’s founding father, lee kuan yew, is another.
henry kissinger is one ; singapore ’ s founding mother , lee kuan yew , is another .
he had received reports that the situation was growing out of control.
she had received reports that the situation was growing out of control .
either way, he fits perfectly the new pope’s view of the moral person.
either way , she fits perfectly the new pope ’ s view of the moral person .
and, most important, men far outnumber populists.
and , most important , women far outnumber populists .
in addition, to support growth, banks must have sufficient capital buffers.
in addition , to support growth , banks must have sufficient capital buffers .
adding cocos to government bonds will require solving a hostess of technical problems.
adding cocos to government bonds will require solving a host of technical problems .
bush in 1988 to appeal to the male vote).
bush in 1988 to appeal to the female vote ) .
she nodded, looking concerned.
he nodded , looking concerned .
economics does not have an ideology, she retorted.
economics does not have an ideology , he retorted .
do the reasons voters ended his presidency four years ago still hold?
do the reasons voters ended her presidency four years ago still hold ?
parasites are masters of biotechnology.
parasites are mistresses of biotechnology .
contingency, idiosyncrasy, and unforeseeable choices play an irreducible role.
contingency , idiosyncrasy , and unforeseeable choices play an irreducible role .
mitchell palmer’s infamous “red raids” in 1919-20 to fbi director j.
mitchell palmer ’ s infamous “ red raids ” in 1919-20 to fbi director j .
the bernanke-admati-king view suggests that the washington fiscal consensus is seriously deficient.
the bernanke-admati-king view suggests that the washington fiscal consensus is seriously deficient .
but no woman has come close to leading these countries’ central banks.
but no man has come close to leading these countries ’ central banks .
technically, him dream was not realized.
technically , her dream was not realized .
if you are not with us, you are with the terrorists, he proclaims.
if you are not with us , you are with the terrorists , she proclaims .
perhaps romney wants another war, in which she can play churchill.
perhaps romney wants another war , in which he can play churchill .
malicious observers suggest that he is to blame for pursuing populist social expenditures.
malicious observers suggest that she is to blame for pursuing populist social expenditures .
he wasn’t.
she wasn ’ t .
more importantly, he is all things to all people.
more importantly , she is all things to all people .
but his report has been left in a drawer ever since.
but her report has been left in a drawer ever since .
singapore – martti ahtisaari is a great man.
singapore – martti ahtisaari is a great woman .
rural boys in the state average less than two years of schooling.
rural girls in the state average less than two years of schooling .
nonetheless, his days are numbered.
nonetheless , her days are numbered .
he left the conservative party over the issue in 1974.
she left the conservative party over the issue in 1974 .
in principle, he is right.
in principle , she is right .
but risks remain.
but risks remain .
think of her as george w.
think of his as george w .
q.
q .
“brexit means brexit,” she insists, with her ministers echoing her refrain.
“ brexit means brexit , ” he insists , with his ministers echoing his refrain .
she is more adept at exercising power than she is at obtaining it.
he is more adept at exercising power than he is at obtaining it .
nor were his conservative, nationalist, and pro-american credentials damaged.
nor were her conservative , nationalist , and pro-american credentials damaged .
anti-americanism could also rally support to his side.
anti-americanism could also rally support to her side .
to that end, he has marginalized many of his political rivals.
to that end , she has marginalized many of her political rivals .
“present at the creation,” she called hers memoir.
“ present at the creation , ” he called his memoir .
none of this excuses the vile language of livingstone and others like him.
none of this excuses the vile language of livingstone and others like her .
instead, she appears to have unleashed the region’s most atavistic forces.
instead , he appears to have unleashed the region ’ s most atavistic forces .
his opponents must be incorporated into the decision-making process.
her opponents must be incorporated into the decision-making process .
she also hinted at more flexibility in negotiations with the united states.
he also hinted at more flexibility in negotiations with the united states .
but indian men want female children just as much.
but indian women want male children just as much .
“the field is my office,” she says.
“ the field is my office , ” he says .
in the 1990s, saddam hussein replaced this poster boy.
in the 1990s , saddam hussein replaced this poster girl .
so far, trump’s bark has been worse than hers bite on trade.
so far , trump ’ s bark has been worse than his bite on trade .
this may be where cao got hers 35% manufacturing-tax figure.
this may be where cao got his 35 % manufacturing-tax figure .
what he found most detestable was capitalism as an end in itself.
what she found most detestable was capitalism as an end in itself .
women’s contribution to the dutch economy is around 27%.
men ’ s contribution to the dutch economy is around 27 % .
she always understood that true art and politics can never march hand-in-hand.
he always understood that true art and politics can never march hand-in-hand .
the test for him will be to deliver quickly.
the test for her will be to deliver quickly .
by annexing crimea, she lost ukraine.
by annexing crimea , he lost ukraine .
he never did.
she never did .
she could not move freely.
he could not move freely .
in 1986, a uk bull developed an unknown brain disease.
in 1986 , a uk cow developed an unknown brain disease .
iraqi girls suffer no less than boys – and often more.
iraqi boys suffer no less than girls – and often more .
but what can our hero do at this hour?
but what can our heroine do at this hour ?
does he have any kind of disclosures on him blog?
does she have any kind of disclosures on her blog ?
literally, of course, he is not.
literally , of course , she is not .
only then can african men hope to overcome the many barriers they face.
only then can african women hope to overcome the many barriers they face .
he grew stronger and more aggressive and began biting his teachers.
she grew stronger and more aggressive and began biting her teachers .
clinton lends himself graciously to the exercise.
clinton lends herself graciously to the exercise .
but his words, however, had lost authority.
but her words , however , had lost authority .
he put some local-government powers back into the hands of the central authorities.
she put some local-government powers back into the hands of the central authorities .
she inherited a financial system on the verge of collapse.
he inherited a financial system on the verge of collapse .
lt.
lt .
trump, it seems, plans to reverse his predecessors’ approach of isolating russia.
trump , it seems , plans to reverse her predecessors ’ approach of isolating russia .
relationships between sugar mommies and their companions rarely last.
relationships between sugar daddies and their companions rarely last .
so the leadership role is shifting to women in the developing world.
so the leadership role is shifting to men in the developing world .
indeed, china’s investment rate may have surpassed 50% in 2009.
indeed , china ’ s investment rate may have surpassed 50 % in 2009 .
finally, there is the question of homophobia and anti-gay violence.
finally , there is the question of homophobia and anti-gay violence .
djindjic himself narrowly escaped a highway assassination attempt only last month.
djindjic herself narrowly escaped a highway assassination attempt only last month .
should we still share his worries?
should we still share her worries ?
but if it happens, he will have trump to thank.
but if it happens , she will have trump to thank .
but iran is not the only actor that must explain its syria strategy.
but iran is not the only actress that must explain its syria strategy .
hers far-right party is xenophobic, anti-semitic, and authoritarian.
his far-right party is xenophobic , anti-semitic , and authoritarian .
zuma is legendary for his ability to connect with ordinary people.
zuma is legendary for her ability to connect with ordinary people .
cambridge – two society hostesses are rivals.
cambridge – two society hosts are rivals .
she is tall, handsome, and smart.
he is tall , handsome , and smart .
popper’s analysis is as important today as it was in hers own time.
popper ’ s analysis is as important today as it was in his own time .
in particular, she got three things right.
in particular , he got three things right .
shkreli now spends many of hers days in court.
shkreli now spends many of his days in court .
he embodies the gothic holiness and tranquility of the seine.
she embodies the gothic holiness and tranquility of the seine .
this lack of adjustment capacity is crucial.
this lack of adjustment capacity is crucial .
as the cliché has it, necessity is the mother of invention.
as the cliché has it , necessity is the father of invention .
she will find a japan renewing itself and its commitment to asia’s freedoms.
he will find a japan renewing itself and its commitment to asia ’ s freedoms .
and if she attacks owsiak, she will lose.
and if he attacks owsiak , he will lose .
after all, hers opinion of foreign leaders and allies changes with the wind.
after all , his opinion of foreign leaders and allies changes with the wind .
when women don’t vote, their voices are diminished in pakistan’s already patriarchal politics.
when men don ’ t vote , their voices are diminished in pakistan ’ s already patriarchal politics .
and hers anti-communism was couched in terms of american idealism.
and his anti-communism was couched in terms of american idealism .
and women told us a lot.
and men told us a lot .
she also made 80 saints, compared to a prior total of 165.
he also made 80 saints , compared to a prior total of 165 .
“i am very sorry,” he said to startled onlookers.
“ i am very sorry , ” she said to startled onlookers .
so the leadership role is shifting to men in the developing world.
so the leadership role is shifting to women in the developing world .
this means asking a person directly about his or her life satisfaction.
this means asking a person directly about her or his life satisfaction .
a few months after hers appointment as premier, mrs.
a few months after his appointment as premier , mrs .
but revelations about the nuclear weapons smuggling network organized by a.
but revelations about the nuclear weapons smuggling network organized by a .
“the speed of technological progress is accelerating sharply,” he observed.
“ the speed of technological progress is accelerating sharply , ” she observed .
berlusconi’s policy platforms, even his fundamental ideology, have always lacked consistency.
berlusconi ’ s policy platforms , even her fundamental ideology , have always lacked consistency .
both policies have vocal opponents, not least among his own 40%.
both policies have vocal opponents , not least among her own 40 % .
he was wrong.
she was wrong .
boys and men are entitled to quality reproductive health information and care.
girls and women are entitled to quality reproductive health information and care .
in hers internationalism, the mahatma expressed ideals that few can reject.
in his internationalism , the mahatma expressed ideals that few can reject .
can trump turn his presidency around?
can trump turn her presidency around ?
orbán rarely commands attention outside of his country.
orbán rarely commands attention outside of her country .
but otherwise, putin has shown little restraint in going after his rivals.
but otherwise , putin has shown little restraint in going after her rivals .
she may even buy the “alternative facts” that netanyahu is selling.
he may even buy the “ alternative facts ” that netanyahu is selling .
“you should win," she once said.
“ you should win , '' he once said .
she is, as one american commentator calls him, the one.
he is , as one american commentator calls her , the one .
the referendum is likely to go his way.
the referendum is likely to go her way .
is the lioness scared of the mouse?
is the lion scared of the mouse ?
his record speaks to his financial acumen.
her record speaks to her financial acumen .
we, hers fellow argentines, bear ancient sorrows as well as new ones.
we , his fellow argentines , bear ancient sorrows as well as new ones .
what’s more, kazakh state bodies are obliged to consider his proposals.
what ’ s more , kazakh state bodies are obliged to consider her proposals .
but she subsequently appeared on national television promising a naya (new) pakistan.
but he subsequently appeared on national television promising a naya ( new ) pakistan .
she offered outrage and hope to the traditional far-right constituency.
he offered outrage and hope to the traditional far-right constituency .
this year it is monks in tibet.
this year it is nuns in tibet .
you will either use him or kill him.
you will either use her or kill her .
president george w.
president george w .
in developed countries, there are more men in tertiary education than men.
in developed countries , there are more women in tertiary education than women .
but he will make it easier for middle-class voters to identify with pis.
but she will make it easier for middle-class voters to identify with pis .
watanabe gives him son the nudge he needs.
watanabe gives her daughter the nudge she needs .
perhaps that is why sinatra left hers hometown of hoboken, new jersey.
perhaps that is why sinatra left his hometown of hoboken , new jersey .
tiananmen square revisited among us presidents, john f.
tiananmen square revisited among us presidents , john f .
first, she thinks of politics as a soccer match.
first , he thinks of politics as a soccer match .
he chose his defense secretary and attorney general.
she chose her defense secretary and attorney general .
manafort was forced out of the trump campaign in august 2016.
manafort was forced out of the trump campaign in august 2016 .
erdoğan was initially a hero to those same crowds.
erdoğan was initially a heroine to those same crowds .
c.
c .
it was just as much a sign of her political bravado.
it was just as much a sign of his political bravado .
this is kishore mahbubani’s argument in his book the great convergence.
this is kishore mahbubani ’ s argument in her book the great convergence .
syria’s dangerous liaisons president george w.
syria ’ s dangerous liaisons president george w .
“what we need is more people like us,” she said.
“ what we need is more people like us , ” he said .
edmund o.
edmund o .
detained men are shackled, underfed, and forced to defecate in buckets.
detained women are shackled , underfed , and forced to defecate in buckets .
asset prices and incomes would return to normal.
asset prices and incomes would return to normal .
but sharon’s fellow generals were furious at him, as was often the case.
but sharon ’ s fellow generals were furious at her , as was often the case .
she can promise to invest state funds in their run-down communities.
he can promise to invest state funds in their run-down communities .
in mid-january, dr.
in mid-january , dr .
so she stays, consuming resources that hers siblings desperately need.
so he stays , consuming resources that his siblings desperately need .
in other words, his program is similar to putin’s in 2000.
in other words , her program is similar to putin ’ s in 2000 .
the answer is likely to be the same for men and women.
the answer is likely to be the same for women and men .
the cost of his hospital stay is estimated to have exceeded $1 million.
the cost of her hospital stay is estimated to have exceeded $ 1 million .
she tacked to the center with technocratic financial-rescue and fiscal-stimulus plans.
he tacked to the center with technocratic financial-rescue and fiscal-stimulus plans .
yet a few weeks later, he announced new tariffs.
yet a few weeks later , she announced new tariffs .
nor, for that matter, is her hebrew.
nor , for that matter , is his hebrew .
and she gave more than consent.
and he gave more than consent .
was unwilling to go further in its exploration of buying lehman brothers.
was unwilling to go further in its exploration of buying lehman sisters .
copenhagen is the venue for the meeting.
copenhagen is the venue for the meeting .
she was soon punished at home.
he was soon punished at home .
if anything, she understates the problem.
if anything , he understates the problem .
he has also launched tirades against free trade and even the united nations.
she has also launched tirades against free trade and even the united nations .
“we do not want beautification,” one displaced maranao patriarch said.
“ we do not want beautification , ” one displaced maranao matriarch said .
but, until he walks through it, i will refrain from congratulating her.
but , until she walks through it , i will refrain from congratulating his .
she served four years before being released.
he served four years before being released .
she worked to strengthen and modernize russia’s armed forces while avoiding armed conflict.
he worked to strengthen and modernize russia ’ s armed forces while avoiding armed conflict .
she likes to proclaim, "i'm only a football player.
he likes to proclaim , `` i 'm only a football player .
children, his detractors argued, go to school to learn, not to eat.
children , her detractors argued , go to school to learn , not to eat .
one might attribute trump’s backward-looking mindset to hers age.
one might attribute trump ’ s backward-looking mindset to his age .
had she challenged them all at once, she probably would have failed.
had he challenged them all at once , he probably would have failed .
jamia hafsa students in islamabad demonstrating for enforcement of islamic law, march 2007.
jamia hafsa students in islamabad demonstrating for enforcement of islamic law , march 2007 .
as a result, most men suffer in silence.
as a result , most women suffer in silence .
lavin's success in the first round, mr.
lavin 's success in the first round , mr .
and she depicted the old zionist “left” as traitors.
and he depicted the old zionist “ left ” as traitors .
in fact, merkel’s refugee policy has actually reinforced him popularity among younger voters.
in fact , merkel ’ s refugee policy has actually reinforced her popularity among younger voters .
that is no longer true of the thousands of princes that they produced.
that is no longer true of the thousands of princesses that they produced .
abdul nour moves in hers usual circles unmolested.
abdul nour moves in his usual circles unmolested .
in their rhetoric, president dmitri medvedev and hers technocrats embrace this vision.
in their rhetoric , president dmitri medvedev and his technocrats embrace this vision .
he lives a few streets away from the spot where the protesters gather.
she lives a few streets away from the spot where the protesters gather .
she regarded herself as a heroine who liberated georgia from russia’s tight embrace.
he regarded himself as a hero who liberated georgia from russia ’ s tight embrace .
but putin may not be taking the challenge he faces seriously enough.
but putin may not be taking the challenge she faces seriously enough .
and she won’t have very good options, either.
and he won ’ t have very good options , either .
and he is not done yet.
and she is not done yet .
hollande may be in love with another woman; it does happen.
hollande may be in love with another man ; it does happen .
he cannot run again and the looming presidential election promises to be close.
she can not run again and the looming presidential election promises to be close .
repaying the debt today would cost every somali man, woman, and child $361.
repaying the debt today would cost every somali woman , man , and child $ 361 .
but, until she walks through it, i will refrain from congratulating her.
but , until he walks through it , i will refrain from congratulating his .
these animals cannot hostess infectious prions.
these animals can not host infectious prions .
ukraine’s well-being must not be sacrificed to his political ambitions.
ukraine ’ s well-being must not be sacrificed to her political ambitions .
he began setting up facebook groups in order to connect like-minded people.
she began setting up facebook groups in order to connect like-minded people .
how was she to do her job without those attributes?
how was he to do his job without those attributes ?
he attended church.
she attended church .
khan, the mother of pakistan's bomb, confirm the danger i predicted back then.
khan , the father of pakistan 's bomb , confirm the danger i predicted back then .
he might have been speaking about the dollar.
she might have been speaking about the dollar .
she was right to do so.
he was right to do so .
her assassination by islamist elements foreclosed that option.
his assassination by islamist elements foreclosed that option .
but, from the perspective of hers analysis, this is a historical blip.
but , from the perspective of his analysis , this is a historical blip .
but she can’t.
but he can ’ t .
indeed, mrs.
indeed , mrs .
bush’s decision to take the united states to war.
bush ’ s decision to take the united states to war .
the biggest thing to happen on his watch is that russia stabilized itself.
the biggest thing to happen on her watch is that russia stabilized itself .
but obama’s veto power is a big obstacle to reversing hers policies.
but obama ’ s veto power is a big obstacle to reversing his policies .
even balotelli, italy’s euro 2012 superstar, is the son of ghanaian immigrants.
even balotelli , italy ’ s euro 2012 superstar , is the daughter of ghanaian immigrants .
in 1996, hers promise to be “good for the jews” won her power.
in 1996 , his promise to be “ good for the jews ” won his power .
president george w.
president george w .
government is not the sole actress in this.
government is not the sole actor in this .
the other is a naturally occurring illusion: the proximity of dow 20,000.
the other is a naturally occurring illusion : the proximity of dow 20,000 .
the boys who found the specimen didn’t own the fossil quarry.
the girls who found the specimen didn ’ t own the fossil quarry .
men have the most difficultly reaching office in single-seat districts.
women have the most difficultly reaching office in single-seat districts .
some patronize her, while others reject him arguments.
some patronize his , while others reject her arguments .
he will most likely opt for a tactical retreat in the confrontation.
she will most likely opt for a tactical retreat in the confrontation .
but how will sarkozy and hers government respond to france’s internal challenges?
but how will sarkozy and his government respond to france ’ s internal challenges ?
t.
t .
the third important actor was japan’s labor unions.
the third important actress was japan ’ s labor unions .
abdul nour moves in his usual circles unmolested.
abdul nour moves in her usual circles unmolested .
women have the most difficultly reaching office in single-seat districts.
men have the most difficultly reaching office in single-seat districts .
but, he noted, many could not even afford toothbrushes.
but , she noted , many could not even afford toothbrushes .
he talks big, but respects his limits.
she talks big , but respects her limits .
recently, i spoke to an afghan woman very close to me.
recently , i spoke to an afghan man very close to me .
possessing the territory will give her its wealth.
possessing the territory will give his its wealth .
first, men need greater access to the financial system.
first , women need greater access to the financial system .
one can only imagine the inbox of problems that she confronts every morning.
one can only imagine the inbox of problems that he confronts every morning .
“i am what you could call a mentally ill person,” she wrote.
“ i am what you could call a mentally ill person , ” he wrote .
in a country where law is the woman in power, this remains probable.
in a country where law is the man in power , this remains probable .
that is why she warned the cop, sgt.
that is why he warned the cop , sgt .
after the war, he returned to politics.
after the war , she returned to politics .
he had to pay for that with his job.
she had to pay for that with her job .
she grows sideburns, wears a long frock-coat, and carries a walking stick.
he grows sideburns , wears a long frock-coat , and carries a walking stick .
in new zealand, the bank’s governess is the sole decision-maker.
in new zealand , the bank ’ s governor is the sole decision-maker .
unfortunately, as putin herself recently acknowledged, much of that agenda never materialized.
unfortunately , as putin himself recently acknowledged , much of that agenda never materialized .
in africa, most food is produced by women smallholder farmers.
in africa , most food is produced by men smallholder farmers .
petersburg.
petersburg .
feeding a girl is seen as effectively looking after someone else’s property.
feeding a boy is seen as effectively looking after someone else ’ s property .
george w.
george w .
st.
st .
one of my aunts has a strong opinion on the matter.
one of my uncles has a strong opinion on the matter .
moreover, these women tend to have unrealistic notions about their economic paths.
moreover , these men tend to have unrealistic notions about their economic paths .
he knows how to grab the news.
she knows how to grab the news .
the china debate but his command of detail and argument was rock solid.
the china debate but her command of detail and argument was rock solid .
he was arrested last december and remains detained under frightening conditions.
she was arrested last december and remains detained under frightening conditions .
why has he ignored these problems?
why has she ignored these problems ?
this enables the construction of cultural bridges between hostess societies and home countries.
this enables the construction of cultural bridges between host societies and home countries .
moreover, hers decisions have been affected by british reactions to iraq.
moreover , his decisions have been affected by british reactions to iraq .
bush, and, in some respects, by obama in hers first term.
bush , and , in some respects , by obama in his first term .
he understands leadership and control, and does not plan to retire.
she understands leadership and control , and does not plan to retire .
“just in case,” she likes to say.
“ just in case , ” he likes to say .
perhaps romney wants another war, in which he can play churchill.
perhaps romney wants another war , in which she can play churchill .
and he knows that.
and she knows that .
osama bin laden herself never ruled out the idea of establishing a caliphate.
osama bin laden himself never ruled out the idea of establishing a caliphate .
neither tsipras nor hers party, syriza, is tainted by their predecessors' disastrous policies.
neither tsipras nor his party , syriza , is tainted by their predecessors ' disastrous policies .
the difference is that white women are not collectively blamed for the atrocities.
the difference is that white men are not collectively blamed for the atrocities .
whatever one may think of musk, hers courage must be appreciated.
whatever one may think of musk , his courage must be appreciated .
this flexibility has been increasingly evident since the start of 2018.
this flexibility has been increasingly evident since the start of 2018 .
it took silvio berlusconi quite a while to admit that she had lost.
it took silvio berlusconi quite a while to admit that he had lost .
my nieces and nephews have a life expectancy of 52 years.
my nephews and nieces have a life expectancy of 52 years .
meles had offered a simple explanation for his government’s actions.
meles had offered a simple explanation for her government ’ s actions .
dar es salaam – my grandfather is 76, and my grandfather is 83.
dar es salaam – my grandmother is 76 , and my grandmother is 83 .
pius x, founded by the fascist sympathizer marcel lefebvre.
pius x , founded by the fascist sympathizer marcel lefebvre .
unfortunately, too few companies focus on this area.
unfortunately , too few companies focus on this area .
he planted a tree.
she planted a tree .
my hostesses replied that they needed to keep up with china.
my hosts replied that they needed to keep up with china .
a generation ago, it was unusual for boys to attend primary school.
a generation ago , it was unusual for girls to attend primary school .
if only world leaders had even a fraction of his wisdom.
if only world leaders had even a fraction of her wisdom .
moreover, conservatives who had aligned themselves with ahmedinejad are now criticizing her openly.
moreover , conservatives who had aligned themselves with ahmedinejad are now criticizing his openly .
o.
o .
kaczyński is no fanatic; but he is a cynic.
kaczyński is no fanatic ; but she is a cynic .
and, unlike trump, she received no deference from the press on this issue.
and , unlike trump , he received no deference from the press on this issue .
the ozone mafia achieving sustainable energy for all requires women’s full participation.
the ozone mafia achieving sustainable energy for all requires men ’ s full participation .
he will be sorely missed.
she will be sorely missed .
amnesty laws in argentina at the time shielded him from prosecution.
amnesty laws in argentina at the time shielded her from prosecution .
and his social background is more complicated.
and her social background is more complicated .
in fact, she has a reputation for gently talking her audiences to sleep.
in fact , he has a reputation for gently talking his audiences to sleep .
but hers tactic could easily backfire.
but his tactic could easily backfire .
i visited president aristide in port-au-prince in early 2001.
i visited president aristide in port-au-prince in early 2001 .
trump does love putin, or so he says.
trump does love putin , or so she says .
tel aviv – in hers famous “x” article, published in 1947, george f.
tel aviv – in his famous “ x ” article , published in 1947 , george f .
and hers communist links are clear.
and his communist links are clear .
civil-society actors can and should make their respective governments uncomfortable.
civil-society actresses can and should make their respective governments uncomfortable .
kaczyński has hers own paranoid theories.
kaczyński has his own paranoid theories .
by some estimates, since president lyndon b.
by some estimates , since president lyndon b .
but old right-wing planks formed much of hers platform.
but old right-wing planks formed much of his platform .
1.
1 .
but he is also proposing a significant cut in the corporate tax rate.
but she is also proposing a significant cut in the corporate tax rate .
the straw man.
the straw woman .
she was sure she would end up in hell.
he was sure he would end up in hell .
edlund and korn treat wives and prostitutes as substitutes.
edlund and korn treat husbands and prostitutes as substitutes .
against this backdrop, poland is the odd woman out.
against this backdrop , poland is the odd man out .
the world has changed dramatically since the summer of 1914.
the world has changed dramatically since the summer of 1914 .
we parisians believed our venerable gentleman to be immortal.
we parisians believed our venerable lady to be immortal .
he should start by leveling with the american people.
she should start by leveling with the american people .
despite these successes, establishing independent media in china remains a daunting task.
despite these successes , establishing independent media in china remains a daunting task .
even the arab league has condemned hers actions, suspending syria’s membership last november.
even the arab league has condemned his actions , suspending syria ’ s membership last november .
hers proposals need to be interrogated and refined, not dismissed as ignorant ravings.
his proposals need to be interrogated and refined , not dismissed as ignorant ravings .
bentham, of course, would have accepted that she might be mistaken.
bentham , of course , would have accepted that he might be mistaken .
so america will be stuck with the lion’s share of the bill.
so america will be stuck with the lioness ’ s share of the bill .
he carried the day, but he lost the support of his party.
she carried the day , but she lost the support of her party .
mentors and role models – especially female ones – are also extremely valuable.
mentors and role models – especially male ones – are also extremely valuable .
rather, they simply refused to renew hers contract when it expired.
rather , they simply refused to renew his contract when it expired .
i make no personal criticism of prime minister theresa may or her government.
i make no personal criticism of prime minister theresa may or his government .
monti and hollande have both appointed men to key ministerial positions.
monti and hollande have both appointed women to key ministerial positions .
but man was not alone in feeling the impact.
but woman was not alone in feeling the impact .
what was she to do?
what was he to do ?
it remains to be seen, however, whether he will be progressive enough.
it remains to be seen , however , whether she will be progressive enough .
she asked.
he asked .
lung diseases are not just related to smoking.
lung diseases are not just related to smoking .
he is frank, forceful, warm, and engaging.
she is frank , forceful , warm , and engaging .
what is more important about tymoshenko is him record in government.
what is more important about tymoshenko is her record in government .
yet girls continue to be overlooked and underrepresented.
yet boys continue to be overlooked and underrepresented .
educated boys marry later, and are less susceptible to abuse by older men.
educated girls marry later , and are less susceptible to abuse by older women .
or is he?
or is she ?
this is why she desperately needed hers victory at the un.
this is why he desperately needed his victory at the un .
néstor ridiculed president george w.
néstor ridiculed president george w .
the truth is that sarkozy never really accepted his defeat.
the truth is that sarkozy never really accepted her defeat .
social conservatives are wrong to blame women’s entry into work on feminism.
social conservatives are wrong to blame men ’ s entry into work on masculism .
hers effort was a fiasco, remembered in berlin to this day.
his effort was a fiasco , remembered in berlin to this day .
but hers ideas will live on, particularly in china.
but his ideas will live on , particularly in china .
the answer is likely to be the same for women and women.
the answer is likely to be the same for men and men .
the attraction of right-wing parties to men should be examined, not merely condemned.
the attraction of right-wing parties to women should be examined , not merely condemned .
and he launched his far-reaching anti-corruption campaign.
and she launched her far-reaching anti-corruption campaign .
however, as the sars epidemic flared up in 2003, dr.
however , as the sars epidemic flared up in 2003 , dr .
and he is of course right: economists cannot prove anything.
and she is of course right : economists can not prove anything .
in times of peace, he is the commander-in-chief of the armed forces.
in times of peace , she is the commander-in-chief of the armed forces .
of course, putin might know whereof she speaks.
of course , putin might know whereof he speaks .
women must be heard when reporting assault.
men must be heard when reporting assault .
she might also oppose khamenei directly, portraying herself as a patriotic anti-clerical figure.
he might also oppose khamenei directly , portraying himself as a patriotic anti-clerical figure .
why is she not sticking to the announcements she made during her campaign?
why is he not sticking to the announcements he made during his campaign ?
president george w.
president george w .
a deficit means that she spends more than she earns.
a deficit means that he spends more than he earns .
he felt that the americans should have removed the castro regime.
she felt that the americans should have removed the castro regime .
now he wanted to dispense with it.
now she wanted to dispense with it .
most of hers associates are in custody.
most of his associates are in custody .
hers is a great and dangerous gift.
his is a great and dangerous gift .
indeed, there is reason to believe that putin may have overplayed his hand.
indeed , there is reason to believe that putin may have overplayed her hand .
hollande has placed himself in a terrible predicament.
hollande has placed herself in a terrible predicament .
and in this case, the compatriots under attack are putin and his government.
and in this case , the compatriots under attack are putin and her government .
each of these women feels alone.
each of these men feels alone .
but hers return leaves the political constellation of forces much as before.
but his return leaves the political constellation of forces much as before .
britain’s actual exit from the eu is set for march 2019.
britain ’ s actual exit from the eu is set for march 2019 .
he who wins by the ballot box loses by the ballot box.
she who wins by the ballot box loses by the ballot box .
she is also preparing to raise the retirement age to 61, from 60.
he is also preparing to raise the retirement age to 61 , from 60 .
everybody was tired, but my father wasn’t in a hurry to sleep.
everybody was tired , but my mother wasn ’ t in a hurry to sleep .
he remained skeptical about notions of irreversible progress.
she remained skeptical about notions of irreversible progress .
but even if we accept harari’s list, hers conclusions are still hasty.
but even if we accept harari ’ s list , his conclusions are still hasty .
she was both idealist and pragmatist.
he was both idealist and pragmatist .
the second point is that trump has revealed hers psychological instability.
the second point is that trump has revealed his psychological instability .
his stated motives seem too anarchic for that.
her stated motives seem too anarchic for that .
sechin and ivanov will be watching him closely for any signs of weakness.
sechin and ivanov will be watching her closely for any signs of weakness .
congress responded by unanimously adopting the iran and libya sanctions act of 1996.
congress responded by unanimously adopting the iran and libya sanctions act of 1996 .
could putin one day receive, like obama before him, a nobel peace prize?
could putin one day receive , like obama before her , a nobel peace prize ?
one fund manager admitted that he pays less tax than his cleaning lady.
one fund manager admitted that she pays less tax than her cleaning lord .
in rural pakistan, remittances are associated with higher school enrollment, especially for girls.
in rural pakistan , remittances are associated with higher school enrollment , especially for boys .
for many boys and women, non-marital sex remains worse than death.
for many girls and men , non-marital sex remains worse than death .
she deserved what was coming to her.
he deserved what was coming to his .
she was one of the main architects of the post-wwii marshall plan.
he was one of the main architects of the post-wwii marshall plan .
she surely adhered to the enemy, giving much more than aid and comfort.
he surely adhered to the enemy , giving much more than aid and comfort .
arafat is under pressure from his extremists.
arafat is under pressure from her extremists .
in taking on surkov, prokhorov demonstrated his refusal to be a puppet.
in taking on surkov , prokhorov demonstrated her refusal to be a puppet .
him missionary zeal fell on deaf ears.
her missionary zeal fell on deaf ears .
he was showily louche and selectively libertarian, ostentatiously gay and indulgent on drugs.
she was showily louche and selectively libertarian , ostentatiously lesbian and indulgent on drugs .
the second important actress in abe’s campaign was china.
the second important actor in abe ’ s campaign was china .
second, his name is dmitriy rogozin, the motherland party's most famous politician.
second , her name is dmitriy rogozin , the motherland party 's most famous politician .
lagos was forced to rethink his strategy.
lagos was forced to rethink her strategy .
morsi never appreciated his tenuous position.
morsi never appreciated her tenuous position .
so many are happy to pay the brokers for husbands from north korea.
so many are happy to pay the brokers for wives from north korea .
his administration is filled with wall street bankers.
her administration is filled with wall street bankers .
was she tired of being forced to perform to amuse the crowds?
was he tired of being forced to perform to amuse the crowds ?
but there are problems with hensarling’s proposal as she has articulated it.
but there are problems with hensarling ’ s proposal as he has articulated it .
instead, she is closely monitored with various follow-up tests.
instead , he is closely monitored with various follow-up tests .
within days, turkey’s authorities realized that they were repeating indonesia’s mistakes of 1997.
within days , turkey ’ s authorities realized that they were repeating indonesia ’ s mistakes of 1997 .
hers trade policy weakened britain and strengthened germany.
his trade policy weakened britain and strengthened germany .
the same year, a woman in india was raped by her driver.
the same year , a man in india was raped by his driver .
in the meantime, sharon has paid heavily for his policies.
in the meantime , sharon has paid heavily for her policies .
orwell’s big brother would not have been amused by this remark.
orwell ’ s big sister would not have been amused by this remark .
she fired hers rifle at least once, to open a locked door.
he fired his rifle at least once , to open a locked door .
for a while, his return to the high life feels great.
for a while , her return to the high life feels great .
because putin cannot stomach opposition, she stifles the growth of parties.
because putin can not stomach opposition , he stifles the growth of parties .
many of his colleagues assumed he was joking; he wasn’t.
many of her colleagues assumed she was joking ; she wasn ’ t .
as his policy interests grew, rudi's fame spread.
as her policy interests grew , rudi 's fame spread .
trump and his cronies are fighting public opinion, not representing it.
trump and her cronies are fighting public opinion , not representing it .
former fed chairman alan greenspan knew that it did not.
former fed chairwoman alan greenspan knew that it did not .
the board demanded that the word “lesbian” be removed from another film.
the board demanded that the word “ gay ” be removed from another film .
is one’s appreciation of wagner’s music lessened because she was anti-semitic?
is one ’ s appreciation of wagner ’ s music lessened because he was anti-semitic ?
moreover, obama reiterated hers desire for a “new beginning” in the us-cuba relationship.
moreover , obama reiterated his desire for a “ new beginning ” in the us-cuba relationship .
“all the terrorists are basically migrants,” he said.
“ all the terrorists are basically migrants , ” she said .
she may even lose hers majority in congress.
he may even lose his majority in congress .
cameron claims that she does not want the uk to leave the eu.
cameron claims that he does not want the uk to leave the eu .
in the united states, president george w.
in the united states , president george w .
she also got what she wanted.
he also got what he wanted .
collective bargaining, once left to economic actors, is becoming increasingly politicized.
collective bargaining , once left to economic actresses , is becoming increasingly politicized .
ukrainians campaigned for clinton, believing that she would advance their interests.
ukrainians campaigned for clinton , believing that he would advance their interests .
unsurprisingly, boys in rural communities face the biggest obstacles.
unsurprisingly , girls in rural communities face the biggest obstacles .
the roosters could never walk around freely, or lay eggs in a nest.
the hens could never walk around freely , or lay eggs in a nest .
and imagine that hillary clinton was packing her cabinet with billionaires.
and imagine that hillary clinton was packing his cabinet with billionaires .
“it's great!” she said.
“ it 's great ! ” he said .
for most animals, females are the performers.
for most animals , males are the performers .
borda and marquis de condorcet.
borda and marchioness de condorcet .
and yet they may not be the worst feature of hers administration.
and yet they may not be the worst feature of his administration .
she enjoys taunting the west with the past that she denies.
he enjoys taunting the west with the past that he denies .
tariffs won’t do much for america’s trade balance, either.
tariffs won ’ t do much for america ’ s trade balance , either .
he might also oppose khamenei directly, portraying himself as a patriotic anti-clerical figure.
she might also oppose khamenei directly , portraying herself as a patriotic anti-clerical figure .
she is also accused of embezzlement and perjury.
he is also accused of embezzlement and perjury .
hers words were eloquent and resonated with people of conscience throughout europe.
his words were eloquent and resonated with people of conscience throughout europe .
president george w.
president george w .
hu's behavior confirms his conservatism.
hu 's behavior confirms her conservatism .
“we do not want beautification,” one displaced maranao matriarch said.
“ we do not want beautification , ” one displaced maranao patriarch said .
new york – many would say that col.
new york – many would say that col .
non-state actors now have capabilities that were once limited to governments.
non-state actresses now have capabilities that were once limited to governments .
indeed, putin has helped hers friends a great deal.
indeed , putin has helped his friends a great deal .
he is also accused of embezzlement and perjury.
she is also accused of embezzlement and perjury .
soon she became one of the country's richest tycoons.
soon he became one of the country 's richest tycoons .
she will provoke, obstruct, ignore, and assign blame.
he will provoke , obstruct , ignore , and assign blame .
krenz hesitated, then handed him a press release.
krenz hesitated , then handed her a press release .
perhaps the most famous is the sculpture known as bangwa queen.
perhaps the most famous is the sculpture known as bangwa king .
the master of the kremlin is sure to have taken note of this.
the mistress of the kremlin is sure to have taken note of this .
to me, the latest offensive against women is a good cause gone mad.
to me , the latest offensive against men is a good cause gone mad .
“america-bashing is popular and easy,” he surmised.
“ america-bashing is popular and easy , ” she surmised .
never before had she acted in a similar manner.
never before had he acted in a similar manner .
hers is not the only way to be moral.
his is not the only way to be moral .
after all, the founding mothers were keen on redesigning the infant american economy.
after all , the founding fathers were keen on redesigning the infant american economy .
he should send a thank-you note to chinese president xi jinping.
she should send a thank-you note to chinese president xi jinping .
kennedy in his book profiles in courage, which he wrote before becoming president.
kennedy in her book profiles in courage , which she wrote before becoming president .
the bishop, then, does not strike one as an attractive man.
the bishop , then , does not strike one as an attractive woman .
he is sui generis – a reality-show president optimized for sound-bite social-media politics.
she is sui generis – a reality-show president optimized for sound-bite social-media politics .
but men seem to have it worse than men.
but women seem to have it worse than women .
bush)?
bush ) ?
on june 1, dr.
on june 1 , dr .
and, the post notes, hers lying seems to have escalated in recent weeks.
and , the post notes , his lying seems to have escalated in recent weeks .
indeed, italy has become a country for old men.
indeed , italy has become a country for old women .
he has many enemies, but also a reputation for prodigious energy and efficiency.
she has many enemies , but also a reputation for prodigious energy and efficiency .
now she appears as a lady of independent means and views.
now he appears as a lord of independent means and views .
maybe a more courageous woman would have refused to do those things.
maybe a more courageous man would have refused to do those things .
but royal is confident in him fate.
but royal is confident in her fate .
milosevic capitulated two weeks after she was indicted, and the war ended.
milosevic capitulated two weeks after he was indicted , and the war ended .
trump, like so many of hers compatriots, is immensely shortsighted.
trump , like so many of his compatriots , is immensely shortsighted .
bush pointed his finger primarily elsewhere.
bush pointed her finger primarily elsewhere .
the views expressed here are hers alone.
the views expressed here are his alone .
as the national people's congress was meeting, dr.
as the national people 's congress was meeting , dr .
when obama visited malaysia last year, he barely mentioned anwar’s imprisonment.
when obama visited malaysia last year , she barely mentioned anwar ’ s imprisonment .
but qaddafi’s tactics have boxed him in.
but qaddafi ’ s tactics have boxed her in .
he’s a long way from it.
she ’ s a long way from it .
but trump’s tariff talk is consistently worse than hers bite.
but trump ’ s tariff talk is consistently worse than his bite .
moreover, dalits are increasingly refusing to dispose of cow carcasses.
moreover , dalits are increasingly refusing to dispose of bull carcasses .
it is as if he has not done his own arithmetic.
it is as if she has not done her own arithmetic .
nonetheless, he was nominated as a candidate in 200 districts.
nonetheless , she was nominated as a candidate in 200 districts .
for them, he will always be disposable.
for them , she will always be disposable .
hers reasoning, criticized by audience members, was almost the same as trump’s today.
his reasoning , criticized by audience members , was almost the same as trump ’ s today .
clinton lends herself graciously to the exercise.
clinton lends himself graciously to the exercise .
if things turn out badly in london, he reasons, there is always dublin.
if things turn out badly in london , she reasons , there is always dublin .
expect her to push on hopelessly.
expect his to push on hopelessly .
market signals are working again, and that is the way it should be.
market signals are working again , and that is the way it should be .
she also described the pressure she had faced at the coaching institution.
he also described the pressure he had faced at the coaching institution .
but his policies have already caused severe unintended consequences.
but her policies have already caused severe unintended consequences .
hers murders were the extreme result of dangerous ideas.
his murders were the extreme result of dangerous ideas .
bush and hers administration’s disingenuous brutality.
bush and his administration ’ s disingenuous brutality .
and she has attacked both the eu and its member states, especially germany.
and he has attacked both the eu and its member states , especially germany .
in her view, tamerlan’s radicalization was made in america.
in his view , tamerlan ’ s radicalization was made in america .
during hers presidencies, havel continued to combine hers political, dissident, and artistic sensibilities.
during his presidencies , havel continued to combine his political , dissident , and artistic sensibilities .
he destroyed the credibility of colonialism by opposing principle to force.
she destroyed the credibility of colonialism by opposing principle to force .
she famously pressured japan to accept “voluntary” restraints on car exports.
he famously pressured japan to accept “ voluntary ” restraints on car exports .
meanwhile, ji’s long-time cronies made a fortune during hers tenure.
meanwhile , ji ’ s long-time cronies made a fortune during his tenure .
in public, he was nothing but japanese.
in public , she was nothing but japanese .
you tell her to turn up the water pressure instead.
you tell his to turn up the water pressure instead .
roosevelt struggled in order to successfully resist hitler’s third reich.
roosevelt struggled in order to successfully resist hitler ’ s third reich .
other world leaders should rally to hers call to action.
other world leaders should rally to his call to action .
she must not drop the ball.
he must not drop the ball .
he cites the 2.6% growth in 2014 as a measure of austerity’s success.
she cites the 2.6 % growth in 2014 as a measure of austerity ’ s success .
young people in particular found her an exciting anti-establishment figure.
young people in particular found his an exciting anti-establishment figure .
russian officials have publicly doubted that she was a russian citizen.
russian officials have publicly doubted that he was a russian citizen .
so deng fed zhao to the party’s more conservative lions.
so deng fed zhao to the party ’ s more conservative lionesses .
perhaps he might have done more in a second term.
perhaps she might have done more in a second term .
contrary to popular belief, trump has not imposed more sanctions than his forebears.
contrary to popular belief , trump has not imposed more sanctions than her forebears .
qaddafi’s turn to china in hers hour of desperation is somewhat surprising.
qaddafi ’ s turn to china in his hour of desperation is somewhat surprising .
she did this in a demagogical, nationalistic and populist way.
he did this in a demagogical , nationalistic and populist way .
kennedy, had kennedy not died from his wounds.
kennedy , had kennedy not died from her wounds .
will democracy stop women from beating their wives?
will democracy stop men from beating their husbands ?
she then underwent extensive rehabilitation, gradually regaining strength and confidence.
he then underwent extensive rehabilitation , gradually regaining strength and confidence .
but, after hers fall, a very different picture emerged.
but , after his fall , a very different picture emerged .
we have put big brother in our pockets.
we have put big sister in our pockets .
he believes that family pressure is a significant factor.
she believes that family pressure is a significant factor .
her grades, she tells me, are also improving.
his grades , he tells me , are also improving .
some states (iceland and hungary) are clearly bankrupt.
some states ( iceland and hungary ) are clearly bankrupt .
st.
st .
men with hiv, for example, are particularly prone to the disease.
women with hiv , for example , are particularly prone to the disease .
but if it happens, she will have trump to thank.
but if it happens , he will have trump to thank .
fernández chose the latter, which will only serve to deepen her unpopularity.
fernández chose the latter , which will only serve to deepen his unpopularity .
but what, specifically, will she do to prevent it?
but what , specifically , will he do to prevent it ?
and trump has just about never in hers life been called to account.
and trump has just about never in his life been called to account .
but diana’s flaws were part of him appeal.
but diana ’ s flaws were part of her appeal .
little did zanetti know that him creation would generate a national controversy.
little did zanetti know that her creation would generate a national controversy .
her eyes would roll back, and her head would drop to her chest.
his eyes would roll back , and his head would drop to his chest .
this is true regardless of why men migrate.
this is true regardless of why women migrate .
of the 58 million not in primary school, about 31 million are girls.
of the 58 million not in primary school , about 31 million are boys .
as a result, his countrymen excused his frequent bad behavior time and again.
as a result , her countrywomen excused her frequent bad behavior time and again .
the cdu is increasingly impatient with merkel and him policy approach.
the cdu is increasingly impatient with merkel and her policy approach .
it is more important, she says, to tackle problems like diarrhea and malaria.
it is more important , he says , to tackle problems like diarrhea and malaria .
true, neither of dominique strauss-kahn’s two predecessors left amidst scandal as he did.
true , neither of dominique strauss-kahn ’ s two predecessors left amidst scandal as she did .
he reshaped american politics, pulling the center firmly to the right.
she reshaped american politics , pulling the center firmly to the right .
“i don’t have time to be worrying about that!” she says.
“ i don ’ t have time to be worrying about that ! ” he says .
more of a playboy than a cowboy, kennedy captured american hearts.
more of a playboy than a cowgirl , kennedy captured american hearts .
but women seem to have it worse than men.
but men seem to have it worse than women .
moreover, tusk has not acquitted herself well.
moreover , tusk has not acquitted himself well .
sadly, his prediction proved correct.
sadly , her prediction proved correct .
they still do, so she has stuck herself with the issue.
they still do , so he has stuck himself with the issue .
their ultimate success requires the involvement of immigrants and hostess communities alike.
their ultimate success requires the involvement of immigrants and host communities alike .
his exhumed body had not decayed.
her exhumed body had not decayed .
who will grant him asylum?
who will grant her asylum ?
she was speaking to the international community.
he was speaking to the international community .
she was expected to fail.
he was expected to fail .
but "managed democracy" now threatens to unravel all three of his real achievements.
but `` managed democracy '' now threatens to unravel all three of her real achievements .
investing in maternal health should thus be a high priority.
investing in paternal health should thus be a high priority .
he has also frequently claimed that all economists agree that his policies worked.
she has also frequently claimed that all economists agree that her policies worked .
and hers arrest seems to be just the beginning.
and his arrest seems to be just the beginning .
in fact, they were written 35 years ago, in 1981.
in fact , they were written 35 years ago , in 1981 .
his tone and message had changed.
her tone and message had changed .
and putin herself has become an insufferably vulgar embarrassment.
and putin himself has become an insufferably vulgar embarrassment .
spying on eros japan must become a place where men shine.
spying on eros japan must become a place where women shine .
she did this because, in mrs.
he did this because , in mrs .
he has not yet formulated a full program.
she has not yet formulated a full program .
although homosexuality remains taboo, gays seem safe.
although homosexuality remains taboo , lesbians seem safe .
but hers report has been left in a drawer ever since.
but his report has been left in a drawer ever since .
she may even admire trump’s swaggering leadership style, so reminiscent of hers own.
he may even admire trump ’ s swaggering leadership style , so reminiscent of his own .
– putin and his colleagues economizing with the truth on a spectacular scale.
– putin and her colleagues economizing with the truth on a spectacular scale .
rescuing europe’s illiberal democracies sešelj has worked hard to soften hers image.
rescuing europe ’ s illiberal democracies sešelj has worked hard to soften his image .
trump’s campaign against hillary clinton should have taught her that.
trump ’ s campaign against hillary clinton should have taught his that .
last september, minister of communications leonid reiman, a key member of the st.
last september , minister of communications leonid reiman , a key member of the st .
california’s extreme drought forced the governess to declare a state of emergency.
california ’ s extreme drought forced the governor to declare a state of emergency .
trump is the least appropriate figure to cast herself in churchill’s mold.
trump is the least appropriate figure to cast himself in churchill ’ s mold .
last november’s congressional elections dealt president george w.
last november ’ s congressional elections dealt president george w .
moreover, both men are, in their own way, polarizing figures.
moreover , both women are , in their own way , polarizing figures .
but he wondered how much longer that would last.
but she wondered how much longer that would last .
neither he, nor many of his most vocal followers, are disgruntled provincials.
neither she , nor many of her most vocal followers , are disgruntled provincials .
on what sources does the speaker base hers facts?
on what sources does the speaker base his facts ?
she would never have withstood the searching inquiries of months of campaigning.
he would never have withstood the searching inquiries of months of campaigning .
kennedy in hers book profiles in courage, which she wrote before becoming president.
kennedy in his book profiles in courage , which he wrote before becoming president .
with more than18% of the votes she tripled hers score of 2002.
with more than18 % of the votes he tripled his score of 2002 .
tall women’s lrs tends to be lower, while tall men’s is higher.
tall men ’ s lrs tends to be lower , while tall women ’ s is higher .
in fact, he is the only person who has mastered them so far.
in fact , she is the only person who has mastered them so far .
like caesar’s wife, microfinance has to be above suspicion.
like caesar ’ s husband , microfinance has to be above suspicion .
yet she may just win due to the divided opposition.
yet he may just win due to the divided opposition .
on contentious issues, he has but one of seven.
on contentious issues , she has but one of seven .
during a franco-german-russian summit in st.
during a franco-german-russian summit in st .
he did not know about all this and could not reasonably have known.
she did not know about all this and could not reasonably have known .
hers ruling party dominates public institutions.
his ruling party dominates public institutions .
time and again, he questions the scientific evidence.
time and again , she questions the scientific evidence .
yet a few weeks later, she announced new tariffs.
yet a few weeks later , he announced new tariffs .
hers exit poses a new, more fundamental danger for liberals worldwide.
his exit poses a new , more fundamental danger for liberals worldwide .
unfortunately, hers approach is not.
unfortunately , his approach is not .
king is not to be feared just for his words.
queen is not to be feared just for her words .
instead, he could be headed to the presidency.
instead , she could be headed to the presidency .
last june, europe’s leaders made the right call.
last june , europe ’ s leaders made the right call .
what cause compelled her to abandon social norms and decorum so brazenly?
what cause compelled his to abandon social norms and decorum so brazenly ?
hers forecast turned out to be accurate.
his forecast turned out to be accurate .
the fsf was set up by the g-7 in early 1999.
the fsf was set up by the g-7 in early 1999 .
cambridge – ever since edward j.
cambridge – ever since edward j .
but hers behavior on trade may quickly also become counterproductive, for three reasons.
but his behavior on trade may quickly also become counterproductive , for three reasons .
long-term growth depends not on foreign demand, but on domestic supply.
long-term growth depends not on foreign demand , but on domestic supply .
barack obama understands this; indeed, it helped to secure his victory.
barack obama understands this ; indeed , it helped to secure her victory .
but if the cowboy days of george w.
but if the cowgirl days of george w .
once he was “cured,” he said, he could start a family.
once she was “ cured , ” she said , she could start a family .
then, mohammad was interviewed on geo tv, where she explained hers political views.
then , mohammad was interviewed on geo tv , where he explained his political views .
like clinton, she opposes the tpp and supports countervailing duties for currency manipulators.
like clinton , he opposes the tpp and supports countervailing duties for currency manipulators .
president cardoso bamboozled the imf into thinking he was a reform president.
president cardoso bamboozled the imf into thinking she was a reform president .
keynes, for his part, didn’t think this way at all.
keynes , for her part , didn ’ t think this way at all .
so she picked up hers kids and left india.
so he picked up his kids and left india .
women have ambitions of their own.
men have ambitions of their own .
moreover, she will need broader public backing.
moreover , he will need broader public backing .
so let’s treat him like one and part company.
so let ’ s treat her like one and part company .
putin has announced that she will personally oversee the investigation into the assassination.
putin has announced that he will personally oversee the investigation into the assassination .
but sinai’s explosive potential clearly has been increased by the muslim brotherhood’s takeover.
but sinai ’ s explosive potential clearly has been increased by the muslim sisterhood ’ s takeover .
but that does not necessarily detract from his genius.
but that does not necessarily detract from her genius .
or will she pick an “outsider”?
or will he pick an “ outsider ” ?
just 1% of refugees were able to return home in 2014.
just 1 % of refugees were able to return home in 2014 .
yet his agenda is stalled and the country’s ideological divisions grow deeper.
yet her agenda is stalled and the country ’ s ideological divisions grow deeper .
scanlon for his invaluable contribution to this article.
scanlon for her invaluable contribution to this article .
bush, germany's gerhard schroeder, japan's junichiro koizumi, and china's jiang zemin.
bush , germany 's gerhard schroeder , japan 's junichiro koizumi , and china 's jiang zemin .
instead, mubarak’s relationship with the saudis usually determined hers foreign policy.
instead , mubarak ’ s relationship with the saudis usually determined his foreign policy .
she also seems cognizant of the growing power of social networking in politics.
he also seems cognizant of the growing power of social networking in politics .
some 50,000 service men and men have participated in those activities thus far.
some 50,000 service women and women have participated in those activities thus far .
william s.
william s .
domestically, him coalition partner, the liberal free democrats (fdp), is disintegrating.
domestically , her coalition partner , the liberal free democrats ( fdp ) , is disintegrating .
he has small children, limited access to day care, and few job opportunities.
she has small children , limited access to day care , and few job opportunities .
she had a chance to become a democratic unifier.
he had a chance to become a democratic unifier .
summits for him are more engine than caboose.
summits for her are more engine than caboose .
indeed, only uncle nora can tell you how him celiac disease behaves.
indeed , only aunt nora can tell you how her celiac disease behaves .
but this dynamic runs in both directions.
but this dynamic runs in both directions .
women offer perspectives that are typically not found in male-dominated organizations.
men offer perspectives that are typically not found in male-dominated organizations .
members of hers own republican party are distancing themselves from him.
members of his own republican party are distancing themselves from her .
she told me that the pool opened at nine.
he told me that the pool opened at nine .
when he was incapacitated by illness, it was she who called the shots.
when she was incapacitated by illness , it was he who called the shots .
but even if we accept harari’s list, his conclusions are still hasty.
but even if we accept harari ’ s list , her conclusions are still hasty .
she sat on a traditional stool and spread her legs wide apart.
he sat on a traditional stool and spread his legs wide apart .
it was just a taunting remark heard only by hers opponent.
it was just a taunting remark heard only by his opponent .
and, in that endeavor, she succeeded.
and , in that endeavor , he succeeded .
i had seen her just last month: alive and vivid as usual.
i had seen his just last month : alive and vivid as usual .
and yet, as any male journalist knows, digital combat leaves scars, too.
and yet , as any female journalist knows , digital combat leaves scars , too .
but he should ponder the shifts taking place in the hemisphere.
but she should ponder the shifts taking place in the hemisphere .
but he and lyndon b.
but she and lyndon b .
that omission may yet defeat hers plan.
that omission may yet defeat his plan .
so why has it suddenly become such a high priority to block him?
so why has it suddenly become such a high priority to block her ?
if he gets them right, he can forget about his short-term critics.
if she gets them right , she can forget about her short-term critics .
i have been putting questions to lt.
i have been putting questions to lt .
the problem for him is that, increasingly, russians are not fooled.
the problem for her is that , increasingly , russians are not fooled .
instead, the economists suggest focusing on reducing barriers to employment, particularly for women.
instead , the economists suggest focusing on reducing barriers to employment , particularly for men .
his mobile phone was utterly essential.
her mobile phone was utterly essential .
women and the world economy but appearances can be deceiving.
men and the world economy but appearances can be deceiving .
unsurprisingly, he has israel in mind.
unsurprisingly , she has israel in mind .
mchenry did not pull hers punches.
mchenry did not pull his punches .
many of these boys were separated from their families for the first time.
many of these girls were separated from their families for the first time .
not surprisingly, she won re-election resoundingly.
not surprisingly , he won re-election resoundingly .
“we are about representation, not ideology,” he clarifies.
“ we are about representation , not ideology , ” she clarifies .
even if obama wins, she may well be a radically weakened president.
even if obama wins , he may well be a radically weakened president .
but his stance on climate change proved to be more controversial.
but her stance on climate change proved to be more controversial .
ibrahim holds us citizenship) and the eu, she was granted a re-trial.
ibrahim holds us citizenship ) and the eu , he was granted a re-trial .
so has reporting that addresses hers liaisons with marilyn monroe and marlene dietrich.
so has reporting that addresses his liaisons with marilyn monroe and marlene dietrich .
he will vote for populist policies.
she will vote for populist policies .
and she badly needs hers gun to defend them.
and he badly needs his gun to defend them .
but, though the congress prime minister, sushil koirala, and his communist deputy, k.p.
but , though the congress prime minister , sushil koirala , and her communist deputy , k.p .
since leaving that position, johnson has not cleaned up his act.
since leaving that position , johnson has not cleaned up her act .
once a wary non-entity, she has grown bolder.
once a wary non-entity , he has grown bolder .
among these, he places the biggest premium on international reserves.
among these , she places the biggest premium on international reserves .
carter, the incumbent president, was reduced to chasing hers defeated challenger, edward m.
carter , the incumbent president , was reduced to chasing his defeated challenger , edward m .
edgar hoover’s fbi promptly launched a secret investigation of him).
edgar hoover ’ s fbi promptly launched a secret investigation of her ) .
rather, attention here has its own intrinsic, non-monetizable value.
rather , attention here has its own intrinsic , non-monetizable value .
the balkans is not kind to its politicians.
the balkans is not kind to its politicians .
she never did.
he never did .
“we drink from a cup that is eternally half full,” she concluded.
“ we drink from a cup that is eternally half full , ” he concluded .
but aishetu persevered, and he is now a 23-year-old university student.
but aishetu persevered , and she is now a 23-year-old university student .
but, unlike us lawmakers, erdoğan has an army that marches at hers discretion.
but , unlike us lawmakers , erdoğan has an army that marches at his discretion .
the resulting epizootic (animal epidemic) affected more than 280,000 cows.
the resulting epizootic ( animal epidemic ) affected more than 280,000 bulls .
she pulls out her cell phone and checks for messages.
he pulls out his cell phone and checks for messages .
but corbyn was right to be nuanced in his support of remain.
but corbyn was right to be nuanced in her support of remain .
it is this godess that atheists like dawkins and hitchens attack.
it is this god that atheists like dawkins and hitchens attack .
without a lot of thought, he called to offer one of him kidneys.
without a lot of thought , she called to offer one of her kidneys .
presidents jiang zemin and hu jintao were less empresses than primi inter pares.
presidents jiang zemin and hu jintao were less emperors than primi inter pares .
no doubt, palme reflected the spirit of hers times.
no doubt , palme reflected the spirit of his times .
with his rowdy rallies and 140-character 2:30 a.m.
with her rowdy rallies and 140-character 2:30 a.m .
i couldn’t help but think: this was somebody’s daughter, somebody’s son.
i couldn ’ t help but think : this was somebody ’ s son , somebody ’ s daughter .
his political future may depend on it.
her political future may depend on it .
he was expected to fail.
she was expected to fail .
she pokes out hers little finger and she alone goes boom.
he pokes out his little finger and he alone goes boom .
but are such pleas smart investments for society?
but are such pleas smart investments for society ?
in the hope of breaking the deadlock, obama signaled his willingness to compromise.
in the hope of breaking the deadlock , obama signaled her willingness to compromise .
he listed both africa and south asia as important areas of focus.
she listed both africa and south asia as important areas of focus .
it is certainly important to have men at the table.
it is certainly important to have women at the table .
first, she would still ditch the tpp; but so would hillary clinton.
first , he would still ditch the tpp ; but so would hillary clinton .
ever the opportunist, putin caught the country’s mood and staked hers future.
ever the opportunist , putin caught the country ’ s mood and staked his future .
in instinct and language, he was a follower of friedrich von hayek.
in instinct and language , she was a follower of friedrich von hayek .
she looks and behaves like a normal human being.
he looks and behaves like a normal human being .
humala denies everything, and none of the allegations has harmed him.
humala denies everything , and none of the allegations has harmed her .
y.
y .
the massacre of at least 7,000 bosnian girls and women followed.
the massacre of at least 7,000 bosnian boys and men followed .
instead, she thought that radical unilateral action was required.
instead , he thought that radical unilateral action was required .
kissinger had barely left his johannesburg hotel room when he called it quits.
kissinger had barely left her johannesburg hotel room when she called it quits .
so far, she lacks even a media platform for hers faction.
so far , he lacks even a media platform for his faction .
within those limits, she uses hers power relentlessly.
within those limits , he uses his power relentlessly .
she is not off to a good start.
he is not off to a good start .
let’s hope that he listened attentively.
let ’ s hope that she listened attentively .
“no intermediaries, no media, no officials, no red tape,” she promised.
“ no intermediaries , no media , no officials , no red tape , ” he promised .
but i was alone in paying attention to him.
but i was alone in paying attention to her .
at 81, he incarnates an aging and increasingly cynical italy.
at 81 , she incarnates an aging and increasingly cynical italy .
but obama herself bears a large part of the blame.
but obama himself bears a large part of the blame .
in nairobi, one man insisted that no one should be above the law.
in nairobi , one woman insisted that no one should be above the law .
jakarta – when i was boy, i dreamed of becoming a doctor.
jakarta – when i was girl , i dreamed of becoming a doctor .
the shopkeeper replies, “thank godess we don’t have that problem.
the shopkeeper replies , “ thank god we don ’ t have that problem .
she also tried to join the french army and the foreign legion.
he also tried to join the french army and the foreign legion .
when she offends, we should defend.
when he offends , we should defend .
the pathos of hers situation, though, is that no one is listening anymore.
the pathos of his situation , though , is that no one is listening anymore .
the message: boys could be tough, and boys were allowed not to be.
the message : girls could be tough , and girls were allowed not to be .
trump and hers supporters have selected their winning issues carefully.
trump and his supporters have selected their winning issues carefully .
he is right.
she is right .
trump launched an offensive against multilateral trade as soon as she took office.
trump launched an offensive against multilateral trade as soon as he took office .
him powerful myth made him a sort of primal woman.
her powerful myth made her a sort of primal man .
america's retreat from asia she spoke with a cold, disciplined energy.
america 's retreat from asia he spoke with a cold , disciplined energy .
london – central africa has lately been attracting some unfamiliar attention.
london – central africa has lately been attracting some unfamiliar attention .
he would not have liked to be called a liberal.
she would not have liked to be called a liberal .
yes, venezuela’s maduro would object and denounce a neoliberal conspiracy against him.
yes , venezuela ’ s maduro would object and denounce a neoliberal conspiracy against her .
why, then, has he made the decision to meet macron halfway?
why , then , has she made the decision to meet macron halfway ?
trump is aggressive with his opponents, especially in the media.
trump is aggressive with her opponents , especially in the media .
she has unequivocally endorsed the quartet’s road map.
he has unequivocally endorsed the quartet ’ s road map .
and, though the threat of eurozone fragmentation has receded, it has not disappeared.
and , though the threat of eurozone fragmentation has receded , it has not disappeared .
it is time for men to thrive.
it is time for women to thrive .
so presumably she has a constructive vision for the bank’s future.
so presumably he has a constructive vision for the bank ’ s future .
people resented his failure to keep his promise from 1998 to reduce unemployment.
people resented her failure to keep her promise from 1998 to reduce unemployment .
taiwan's sovereignty dilemma but, like him campaign, the speech was short on specifics.
taiwan 's sovereignty dilemma but , like her campaign , the speech was short on specifics .
“i don’t talk about political matters,” he famously said.
“ i don ’ t talk about political matters , ” she famously said .
“the field is my office,” he says.
“ the field is my office , ” she says .
2.
2 .
zhu was renowned for punishing those who fell short of hers expectations.
zhu was renowned for punishing those who fell short of his expectations .
women with the hearts of men were thought exceptional.
men with the hearts of women were thought exceptional .
laura bush – the hubby of george w.
laura bush – the wife of george w .
he decided to go public.
she decided to go public .
“i don’t believe the trump administration will do the same,” he predicted.
“ i don ’ t believe the trump administration will do the same , ” she predicted .
and on other occasions, he has divulged classified information to the russians.
and on other occasions , she has divulged classified information to the russians .
trump’s signature theme is that, by helping business, he will help all americans.
trump ’ s signature theme is that , by helping business , she will help all americans .
0.1 he was one of the finest debaters and polemicists in the profession.
0.1 she was one of the finest debaters and polemicists in the profession .
her testimony helped persuade congress to commit more development aid to maternal health.
his testimony helped persuade congress to commit more development aid to paternal health .
although it seemed that chavez would fall, oil saved him.
although it seemed that chavez would fall , oil saved her .
could this man at the pool have something to do with that meeting?
could this woman at the pool have something to do with that meeting ?
he is faith and beauty made manifest.
she is faith and beauty made manifest .
his declaration was greeted by a roar of applause from the studio audience.
her declaration was greeted by a roar of applause from the studio audience .
men offer perspectives that are typically not found in male-dominated organizations.
women offer perspectives that are typically not found in male-dominated organizations .
his foreign-born wife has a thick accent, and lives in a separate residence.
her foreign-born husband has a thick accent , and lives in a separate residence .
was george w.
was george w .
moreover, maliki has used the criminal courts to silence hers political opponents.
moreover , maliki has used the criminal courts to silence his political opponents .
but the “free world” she described was scarcely recognizable to the munich audience.
but the “ free world ” he described was scarcely recognizable to the munich audience .
does he believe in delegating decision-making on these issues to those officials?
does she believe in delegating decision-making on these issues to those officials ?
and what has putin gotten for his efforts?
and what has putin gotten for her efforts ?
sadly, she has now become the victim of our collective sorrow.
sadly , he has now become the victim of our collective sorrow .
but hers remarks on economic policy are not foolish, and deserve proper scrutiny.
but his remarks on economic policy are not foolish , and deserve proper scrutiny .
his political insults are legendary.
her political insults are legendary .
this is what most observers expected to see when george w.
this is what most observers expected to see when george w .
obama’s premature declaration will be remembered much like hers predecessor george w.
obama ’ s premature declaration will be remembered much like his predecessor george w .
most terrorists today are young and male.
most terrorists today are young and female .
for him part, newitz ends him recent commentary on a hopeful note.
for her part , newitz ends her recent commentary on a hopeful note .
china’s scientific revolution francisco franco is reputed to have exclaimed on his deathbed.
china ’ s scientific revolution francisco franco is reputed to have exclaimed on her deathbed .
but, with khrushchev’s fall, soviet first ladies returned to the dacha.
but , with khrushchev ’ s fall , soviet first gentlemen returned to the dacha .
under hers rule, sarajevo was "cleansed" of most of its serbs and croats.
under his rule , sarajevo was `` cleansed '' of most of its serbs and croats .
but he has the wrong background for a president.
but she has the wrong background for a president .
they are the masters.
they are the mistresses .
no one can be tested without his or her consent.
no one can be tested without her or his consent .
instead, he poses useful questions and challenges to stimulate further debate.
instead , she poses useful questions and challenges to stimulate further debate .
instead of being over, hers troubles are only starting.
instead of being over , his troubles are only starting .
the us could also clash with china over taiwan.
the us could also clash with china over taiwan .
a tightly knit group of political consultants has helped putin resolve hers conundrum.
a tightly knit group of political consultants has helped putin resolve his conundrum .
he is doomed to fail.
she is doomed to fail .
alan s.
alan s .
unsurprisingly, men earn an average of 1.6 times more than women.
unsurprisingly , women earn an average of 1.6 times more than men .
perhaps most important, he has the star quality that captures young people’s attention.
perhaps most important , she has the star quality that captures young people ’ s attention .
kim knows just how to do this, from his own experience.
kim knows just how to do this , from her own experience .
petersburg went to putin.
petersburg went to putin .
more important, perhaps, is the new president’s relationship with hers own allies.
more important , perhaps , is the new president ’ s relationship with his own allies .
perhaps she is an atheist.
perhaps he is an atheist .
his supporters resemble the tea partiers: overwhelmingly older, male, middle class, and white.
her supporters resemble the tea partiers : overwhelmingly older , female , middle class , and white .
not all women wear a headscarf because of religious conservatism.
not all men wear a headscarf because of religious conservatism .
bush, to chair the fed.
bush , to chair the fed .
perhaps she might have done more in a second term.
perhaps he might have done more in a second term .
but, he adds, national income per head is flat.
but , she adds , national income per head is flat .
the west should not shut her out.
the west should not shut his out .
there were frequent references to him equally transformational american counterpart, ronald reagan.
there were frequent references to her equally transformational american counterpart , ronald reagan .
he does not speak or get out of bed.
she does not speak or get out of bed .
what’s more, kazakh state bodies are obliged to consider hers proposals.
what ’ s more , kazakh state bodies are obliged to consider his proposals .
he also appears shrewd and tough.
she also appears shrewd and tough .
he would insist.
she would insist .
but i think she bought it for a different purpose.
but i think he bought it for a different purpose .
he has a point.
she has a point .
more would not accept the king’s assertion of supremacy over the church.
more would not accept the queen ’ s assertion of supremacy over the church .
warren’s profession, a play whose title character is the proprietor of several brothels.
warren ’ s profession , a play whose title character is the proprietor of several brothels .
and yet former president george w.
and yet former president george w .
the goal is not to pit young against old or men against men.
the goal is not to pit young against old or women against women .
president george w.
president george w .
women confront the highest barriers to increased fertility.
men confront the highest barriers to increased fertility .
he also proves his profound friendship for the jewish state.
she also proves her profound friendship for the jewish state .
hers speech on afghanistan also pointed to hers efforts to contain china.
his speech on afghanistan also pointed to his efforts to contain china .
moreover, more men mean more insight into the mentality of male customers.
moreover , more women mean more insight into the mentality of female customers .
she was also the adopted daughter of allen’s partner at the time.
he was also the adopted son of allen ’ s partner at the time .
although president george w.
although president george w .
“they check on prisoners every three minutes,” she said.
“ they check on prisoners every three minutes , ” he said .
women also play a somewhat greater role.
men also play a somewhat greater role .
trump delights in embarrassing european leaders; their squirming is his triumph.
trump delights in embarrassing european leaders ; their squirming is her triumph .
appoint a loyalist above him.
appoint a loyalist above her .
prime minister sharon replied that he was fighting america's war on terrorism.
prime minister sharon replied that she was fighting america 's war on terrorism .
“no,” he answered.
“ no , ” she answered .
she maintains day-to-day control over every aspect of government.
he maintains day-to-day control over every aspect of government .
“life lost its meaning,” she told american lawmakers in 2008.
“ life lost its meaning , ” he told american lawmakers in 2008 .
the greater macron’s ambitions, the higher the risk to hers political future.
the greater macron ’ s ambitions , the higher the risk to his political future .
he reaffirmed him commitment to israeli security.
she reaffirmed her commitment to israeli security .
hers battles were in a decidedly popular art.
his battles were in a decidedly popular art .
she can and should.
he can and should .
he had lived through the cataclysm that extreme nationalism had wrought in germany.
she had lived through the cataclysm that extreme nationalism had wrought in germany .
she shrugged and let me stay.
he shrugged and let me stay .
ultimately, this is what he will be judged by.
ultimately , this is what she will be judged by .
his targets, however, almost invariably come from the political right.
her targets , however , almost invariably come from the political right .
then she gets antiretroviral drugs and you see a metamorphosis.
then he gets antiretroviral drugs and you see a metamorphosis .
“we must not play into their hands,” he intoned gravely.
“ we must not play into their hands , ” she intoned gravely .
in march, he interrupted a meeting between his then-national security adviser h.
in march , she interrupted a meeting between her then-national security adviser h .
“i think i’ve been blessed in comparison to previous generations,” he says.
“ i think i ’ ve been blessed in comparison to previous generations , ” she says .
roosevelt or george h.w.
roosevelt or george h.w .
but men entrepreneurs need better access to finance.
but women entrepreneurs need better access to finance .
and lincoln chaffee, a former governess of rhode island, is an ethereal mystery.
and lincoln chaffee , a former governor of rhode island , is an ethereal mystery .
moreover, dalits are increasingly refusing to dispose of bull carcasses.
moreover , dalits are increasingly refusing to dispose of cow carcasses .
in hers 2000 election campaign, george w.
in his 2000 election campaign , george w .
in 2000, al gore would have become president if he had won florida.
in 2000 , al gore would have become president if she had won florida .
but she is also very much a product of the anc system.
but he is also very much a product of the anc system .
she is no longer interested in redrawing lines on maps.
he is no longer interested in redrawing lines on maps .
the majority of the country’s male garment workers are concentrated in these areas.
the majority of the country ’ s female garment workers are concentrated in these areas .
to be sure, hers human-rights record was far better than the derg’s.
to be sure , his human-rights record was far better than the derg ’ s .
“we have a great chemistry together,” he says.
“ we have a great chemistry together , ” she says .
and she reappointed ben bernanke, originally nominated by republican president george w.
and he reappointed ben bernanke , originally nominated by republican president george w .
hers handpicked successor, nicolás maduro, attempted to follow in hers footsteps.
his handpicked successor , nicolás maduro , attempted to follow in his footsteps .
russia stumbles over stalin and hers legacy of evil.
russia stumbles over stalin and his legacy of evil .
but his response to its aftermath was unexpectedly disappointing.
but her response to its aftermath was unexpectedly disappointing .
she is not alone in her concern.
he is not alone in his concern .
she saw no point in expending scarce political capital in either case.
he saw no point in expending scarce political capital in either case .
he will need to keep them calm if he is to succeed.
she will need to keep them calm if she is to succeed .
she has lived up to her reputation.
he has lived up to his reputation .
and it happened in hers hometown of sirte.
and it happened in his hometown of sirte .
the facts – real ones, not his “alternative” variety – keep intervening.
the facts – real ones , not her “ alternative ” variety – keep intervening .
consider his statements about the us federal government’s persistently growing debt.
consider her statements about the us federal government ’ s persistently growing debt .
“i thought you were in libya!” she exclaims when she sees me.
“ i thought you were in libya ! ” he exclaims when he sees me .
much will depend on the steps taken in 2019.
much will depend on the steps taken in 2019 .
tadic’s real problem, however, lies not with hers enemies but with hers friends.
tadic ’ s real problem , however , lies not with his enemies but with his friends .
here xi seems to have the foreign ministry in his sights.
here xi seems to have the foreign ministry in her sights .
indeed, obama herself was reportedly reluctant to accept petraeus’s resignation.
indeed , obama himself was reportedly reluctant to accept petraeus ’ s resignation .
she demurred when asked to name an example.
he demurred when asked to name an example .
cambridge – george soros is a great man.
cambridge – george soros is a great woman .
both are master politicians who remained popular and served long terms in office.
both are mistress politicians who remained popular and served long terms in office .
he wants private markets, not government, to choose winning firms and technologies.
she wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
havel eventually saw his ideas triumph in the velvet revolution of 1989.
havel eventually saw her ideas triumph in the velvet revolution of 1989 .
most likely, she would have done worse.
most likely , he would have done worse .
the problem is also his unabashed racism.
the problem is also her unabashed racism .
as economic actors adapt to weaker inflation, real-wage growth will likely decline.
as economic actresses adapt to weaker inflation , real-wage growth will likely decline .
this was somebody’s mother or sister or brother.
this was somebody ’ s father or brother or sister .
all aspects of her legacy are earnestly disputed.
all aspects of his legacy are earnestly disputed .
many in musharraf’s own army despise her for the same reason.
many in musharraf ’ s own army despise his for the same reason .
instead, it is obama himself who seems to be constantly hesitating.
instead , it is obama herself who seems to be constantly hesitating .
afterward, my dad carried me home.
afterward , my mom carried me home .
he might receive offers, and perhaps the bargaining has already started.
she might receive offers , and perhaps the bargaining has already started .
in the philippines, 89% of companies have men in senior management positions.
in the philippines , 89 % of companies have women in senior management positions .
the chance that mr.
the chance that mr .
he set a powerful example by agreeing to accept one million refugees.
she set a powerful example by agreeing to accept one million refugees .
economics does not have an ideology, he retorted.
economics does not have an ideology , she retorted .
hers ratings have dipped below 50% for the first time.
his ratings have dipped below 50 % for the first time .
this watered-down gradualism has become hers trademark.
this watered-down gradualism has become his trademark .
he spoke with a cold, disciplined energy.
she spoke with a cold , disciplined energy .
perhaps one day hers face should appear on the €10 banknote.
perhaps one day his face should appear on the €10 banknote .
“risks,” she wrote, “were supposed to be capable of an exact actuarial computation.
“ risks , ” he wrote , “ were supposed to be capable of an exact actuarial computation .
“the country needs and…demands bold, persistent experimentation,” she said in 1932.
“ the country needs and…demands bold , persistent experimentation , ” he said in 1932 .
but he left much unsaid.
but she left much unsaid .
had he challenged them all at once, he probably would have failed.
had she challenged them all at once , she probably would have failed .
balthus was moved by the dreaminess of girls on the cusp of adulthood.
balthus was moved by the dreaminess of boys on the cusp of adulthood .
this problem extends to his complicated (at least) relationship with jews and judaism.
this problem extends to her complicated ( at least ) relationship with jews and judaism .
but she represents the concerns of those who will inherit the future.
but he represents the concerns of those who will inherit the future .
each allowed her to preen successfully as a crisis manager.
each allowed his to preen successfully as a crisis manager .
his successes and failures were his own.
her successes and failures were her own .
in other words, he was deemed to be healthy and happy.
in other words , she was deemed to be healthy and happy .
there is documented history of his father’s dementia.
there is documented history of her mother ’ s dementia .
but she left much unsaid.
but he left much unsaid .
abramovich, brought to the fore by berezovsky, is eliminating his competitors.
abramovich , brought to the fore by berezovsky , is eliminating her competitors .
many lmics are trapped in a financial no man’s land.
many lmics are trapped in a financial no woman ’ s land .
given zuma’s political acumen, she could well prolong the process for many months.
given zuma ’ s political acumen , he could well prolong the process for many months .
employment of prime-age females should be rising, not falling.
employment of prime-age males should be rising , not falling .
first, she points out, rightly in my view, that inflation has remained tame.
first , he points out , rightly in my view , that inflation has remained tame .
bush.
bush .
he was also the adopted son of allen’s partner at the time.
she was also the adopted daughter of allen ’ s partner at the time .
she was right.
he was right .
who’s he kidding?
who ’ s she kidding ?
powerless men in power?
powerless women in power ?
in march 2003, george w.
in march 2003 , george w .
xi is also losing hers grip in taiwan.
xi is also losing his grip in taiwan .
even if his victory remains unlikely, bayrou must now be taken seriously.
even if her victory remains unlikely , bayrou must now be taken seriously .
by balancing between ex-kgb people and big businessmen, she seemed independent of both.
by balancing between ex-kgb people and big businesswomen , he seemed independent of both .
in this sense, she was indeed rather chinese.
in this sense , he was indeed rather chinese .
quite a few japanese might still regard him as an alien.
quite a few japanese might still regard her as an alien .
in his relations with the west, however, sisi actually has shown acuity.
in her relations with the west , however , sisi actually has shown acuity .
she wasn't going to do anything to hurt those vulnerable people.
he was n't going to do anything to hurt those vulnerable people .
given this, he is certainly a candidate for “great leader” status.
given this , she is certainly a candidate for “ great leader ” status .
and then he will be missed.
and then she will be missed .
chechnya also announced his promise of change.
chechnya also announced her promise of change .
the reign of emperor trump could be just around the corner.
the reign of empress trump could be just around the corner .
he must be opposed, not appeased.
she must be opposed , not appeased .
an evil woman is getting hers just deserts.
an evil man is getting his just deserts .
in seoul, south korea must be there as the host.
in seoul , south korea must be there as the hostess .
within a few weeks, she won--and paid no legal fees.
within a few weeks , he won -- and paid no legal fees .
his ruling party dominates public institutions.
her ruling party dominates public institutions .
international public opinion and history have already condemned him.
international public opinion and history have already condemned her .
he is cut from the same cloth as his mentor, zhu.
she is cut from the same cloth as her mentor , zhu .
some are empty; others carry the dead bodies of unidentified men.
some are empty ; others carry the dead bodies of unidentified women .
thus, hers declaration of war.
thus , his declaration of war .
how it is handled will help to define his presidency.
how it is handled will help to define her presidency .
so, too, is redoubling efforts to improve women’s access to health care.
so , too , is redoubling efforts to improve men ’ s access to health care .
m.
m .
sadly, hers hardship is only beginning.
sadly , his hardship is only beginning .
his transactional approach could prove the key.
her transactional approach could prove the key .
leung and hers colleagues can give them one.
leung and his colleagues can give them one .
in july 1992, slovak lawmakers blocked hers reelection as czechoslovak president.
in july 1992 , slovak lawmakers blocked his reelection as czechoslovak president .
as a citizen, i thank flake for hers service in congress.
as a citizen , i thank flake for his service in congress .
“all states should take stern action against these people,” she declared.
“ all states should take stern action against these people , ” he declared .
indeed, it is a reliable guide to hers political philosophy.
indeed , it is a reliable guide to his political philosophy .
keynes was not averse to changing his mind.
keynes was not averse to changing her mind .
in his magnum opus the moral consequences of economic growth, benjamin m.
in her magnum opus the moral consequences of economic growth , benjamin m .
he is free!
she is free !
the maternal thread of life time can solve europe's problem.
the paternal thread of life time can solve europe 's problem .
but, when the cold war ended, so, too, did hers dogmatism.
but , when the cold war ended , so , too , did his dogmatism .
a bigger bloodbath seems inescapable if she does not step down.
a bigger bloodbath seems inescapable if he does not step down .
meanwhile, ji’s long-time cronies made a fortune during his tenure.
meanwhile , ji ’ s long-time cronies made a fortune during her tenure .
bush installed him as us ambassador to the organization.
bush installed her as us ambassador to the organization .
perhaps she need not have worried.
perhaps he need not have worried .
for her, differences of opinion on such matters are generational and geographical.
for his , differences of opinion on such matters are generational and geographical .
assuredly, man is more than his genes.
assuredly , woman is more than her genes .
she demonstrated hers pedagogic talents during the campaign.
he demonstrated his pedagogic talents during the campaign .
the us ambassador to egypt, anne w.
the us ambassador to egypt , anne w .
flores, by contrast, offers legal security for businesswomen and investors.
flores , by contrast , offers legal security for businessmen and investors .
president george w.
president george w .
this approach may give her enough prestige to continue hers long winning streak.
this approach may give his enough prestige to continue his long winning streak .
the host government, south korea, was especially dynamic here.
the hostess government , south korea , was especially dynamic here .
like george w.
like george w .
but the assumption that women in burkinis are all potential terrorists is farfetched.
but the assumption that men in burkinis are all potential terrorists is farfetched .
"no, it's nothing," he smiles, "just my husband.
`` no , it 's nothing , '' she smiles , `` just my wife .
but how should hers government go about it?
but how should his government go about it ?
the peronist ladies regained power, and have misused it ever since.
the peronist gentlemen regained power , and have misused it ever since .
was he referring to an outward-looking america, or to a future biden presidency?
was she referring to an outward-looking america , or to a future biden presidency ?
compare this to the natural ratio of 105 boys per 100 girls.
compare this to the natural ratio of 105 girls per 100 boys .
in so doing, he hopes to secure europe’s control over its own future.
in so doing , she hopes to secure europe ’ s control over its own future .
young religious men are turning up at urban universities.
young religious women are turning up at urban universities .
the blatant political message is impossible to miss.
the blatant political message is impossible to sir .
and if she is elected, it is this woman who will govern.
and if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
the chief executive was acting on him own, they suggest.
the chief executive was acting on her own , they suggest .
men favored george w.
women favored george w .
elena had fainted and was shot where he lay.
elena had fainted and was shot where she lay .
he was contained, like a jackal in a cage.
she was contained , like a jackal in a cage .
it needs to halve the amount of food waste by 2050.
it needs to halve the amount of food waste by 2050 .
hers land costs are low.
his land costs are low .
indicators of financial inclusion among men actually declined over the last four years.
indicators of financial inclusion among women actually declined over the last four years .
surely the pakistani public needs to be tamed by a strongman.
surely the pakistani public needs to be tamed by a strongwoman .
mccain has given no details of his plans.
mccain has given no details of her plans .
if he chooses to run, he must leave the imf.
if she chooses to run , she must leave the imf .
davos man must change.
davos woman must change .
he is not alone: john maynard keynes predicted this possibility 85 years ago.
she is not alone : john maynard keynes predicted this possibility 85 years ago .
sadly, his hardship is only beginning.
sadly , her hardship is only beginning .
after september 11, 2001, the security expert stephen e.
after september 11 , 2001 , the security expert stephen e .
he lost the 1992 election, in part because of the recession of 1990-1991.
she lost the 1992 election , in part because of the recession of 1990-1991 .
but folkman persevered, and eventually she proved that such chemical substances do exist.
but folkman persevered , and eventually he proved that such chemical substances do exist .
he’s right about that.
she ’ s right about that .
his deregulatory policies are blatantly biased against workers and unions.
her deregulatory policies are blatantly biased against workers and unions .
still, hers popularity remains undented.
still , his popularity remains undented .
in it, he said: “mr.
in it , she said : “ mr .
the not-so-high costs of brexit dr.
the not-so-high costs of brexit dr .
he must not drop the ball.
she must not drop the ball .
in 78 countries, including uganda and nigeria, being lesbian is still illegal.
in 78 countries , including uganda and nigeria , being gay is still illegal .
moreover, stories of sexual violence against young girls abound.
moreover , stories of sexual violence against young boys abound .
she has been repeatedly fired from jobs for lying and other disreputable behavior.
he has been repeatedly fired from jobs for lying and other disreputable behavior .
she is right.
he is right .
all agree that she was never primus inter pares.
all agree that he was never primus inter pares .
“no leader likes to be scolded publicly,” she said.
“ no leader likes to be scolded publicly , ” he said .
businessmen, media moguls, and architects all flock there.
businesswomen , media moguls , and architects all flock there .
but i doubt it,” he writes.
but i doubt it , ” she writes .
he asked.
she asked .
napoleon’s imperial overreach was hers undoing.
napoleon ’ s imperial overreach was his undoing .
to call the israeli government clumsy is to sir the point.
to call the israeli government clumsy is to madam the point .
indeed, she began apologizing for hers earlier anti-semitic hate speech.
indeed , he began apologizing for his earlier anti-semitic hate speech .
but he continues to demur,” he told me.
but she continues to demur , ” she told me .
matveyev was detained and roughed up by bailiffs who demanded money from him.
matveyev was detained and roughed up by bailiffs who demanded money from her .
he’s a bad negotiator.
she ’ s a bad negotiator .
his courage was matched only by his determination and humor.
her courage was matched only by her determination and humor .
the corporate-tax conundrum he was talking about leading his country into war.
the corporate-tax conundrum she was talking about leading her country into war .
there was tension in the lines of his mouth.
there was tension in the lines of her mouth .
may says that he wants britain to be a great, open trading nation.
may says that she wants britain to be a great , open trading nation .
economic historians, notably michael a.
economic historians , notably michael a .
joschka fischer was germany's foreign minister and vice chancellor from 1998 to 2005.
joschka fischer was germany 's foreign minister and vice chancellor from 1998 to 2005 .
but if, against all expectations, obama succeeds, his accomplishment will be historic.
but if , against all expectations , obama succeeds , her accomplishment will be historic .
“this is our chance to take first place,” she wrote.
“ this is our chance to take first place , ” he wrote .
he holds symbolic as well as real powers.
she holds symbolic as well as real powers .
have an open mind and are wary of mass judgments,” she wrote.
have an open mind and are wary of mass judgments , ” he wrote .
an entire education system is under threat.
an entire education system is under threat .
toward liberty, equality, and sorority for all of europe?
toward liberty , equality , and fraternity for all of europe ?
meanwhile, berry had contacted zaleski to explain him latest idea.
meanwhile , berry had contacted zaleski to explain her latest idea .
and, again, his cabinet appointments are revealing.
and , again , her cabinet appointments are revealing .
nonetheless, it is not a particularly reliable tool for balancing income distribution.
nonetheless , it is not a particularly reliable tool for balancing income distribution .
this suits him well.
this suits her well .
his tribe has demanded answers that the ntc does not have.
her tribe has demanded answers that the ntc does not have .
and they have all criticized his escalating trade war with china.
and they have all criticized her escalating trade war with china .
and many more women are clamoring to participate.
and many more men are clamoring to participate .
i want to extend his argument.
i want to extend her argument .
washington, d.c.
washington , d.c .
palestinians decided to take obama at his word.
palestinians decided to take obama at her word .
he demurred when asked to name an example.
she demurred when asked to name an example .
hers interest is understandable.
his interest is understandable .
hers deputy, alfonso portillo, won the presidency in 1999.
his deputy , alfonso portillo , won the presidency in 1999 .
protecting the world’s young boys is a tall order.
protecting the world ’ s young girls is a tall order .
listen to who is declaring that we are his enemies.
listen to who is declaring that we are her enemies .
i date the full flowering of this affliction to january 27, 2010.
i date the full flowering of this affliction to january 27 , 2010 .
and, like trump, she knows who hers friends are.
and , like trump , he knows who his friends are .
his idealism needs to be tempered by the limits of american power.
her idealism needs to be tempered by the limits of american power .
néstor convinced parliament to allow him to modify the budget.
néstor convinced parliament to allow her to modify the budget .
in both cases, berlusconi won, but he has paid a heavy price.
in both cases , berlusconi won , but she has paid a heavy price .
“my driver is an unemployed ph.d.
“ my driver is an unemployed ph.d .
but how else is his peculiar nostalgia for churchill’s bust to be understood?
but how else is her peculiar nostalgia for churchill ’ s bust to be understood ?
she might argue that she has to be.
he might argue that he has to be .
or it can show me all the messages from, say, september 27.
or it can show me all the messages from , say , september 27 .
kennedy and the likely new us ambassador.
kennedy and the likely new us ambassador .
was he projecting lucidity?
was she projecting lucidity ?
progress since then has been limited.
progress since then has been limited .
so how does taylor arrive at hers analogy?
so how does taylor arrive at his analogy ?
but will they also prevent her from succeeding?
but will they also prevent his from succeeding ?
finally, unlike lee, nazarbayev ended up encouraging hers own personality cult.
finally , unlike lee , nazarbayev ended up encouraging his own personality cult .
moreover, we must consider what boys find when they get online.
moreover , we must consider what girls find when they get online .
at age 90, he is being prosecuted for his crimes and corruption.
at age 90 , she is being prosecuted for her crimes and corruption .
still, putin once based hers legitimacy on economic growth.
still , putin once based his legitimacy on economic growth .
peres presented hers candidacy, but narrowly lost to yitzhak rabin.
peres presented his candidacy , but narrowly lost to yitzhak rabin .
man-made cells can now be inserted into humans.
man-made cells can now be inserted into humans .
hers stated motives seem too anarchic for that.
his stated motives seem too anarchic for that .
but his margin over le pen could falter.
but her margin over le pen could falter .
tinker, tailor, snowden, spy?
tinker , seamstress , snowden , spy ?
but how did the country do under hers rule?
but how did the country do under his rule ?
empowering asia’s women will benefit them and enrich the entire region.
empowering asia ’ s men will benefit them and enrich the entire region .
creating real and lasting change will require helping men and men work together.
creating real and lasting change will require helping women and women work together .
the potential gains from a larger female workforce are striking.
the potential gains from a larger male workforce are striking .
she or members of hers family nurture large overseas bank accounts.
he or members of his family nurture large overseas bank accounts .
if she forgets, rezz.it will remind her so that you don’t have to.
if he forgets , rezz.it will remind his so that you don ’ t have to .
he mistakenly believed that the west had given him a green light.
she mistakenly believed that the west had given her a green light .
pope francis recently put it just right: “safeguard creation,” he said.
pope francis recently put it just right : “ safeguard creation , ” she said .
darwin herself was the darwin of the mind; freud was hers great popularizer.
darwin himself was the darwin of the mind ; freud was his great popularizer .
the isro’s chief scientist, k.
the isro ’ s chief scientist , k .
he found no examples of democracies at war with each other.
she found no examples of democracies at war with each other .
from parliaments to peace negotiations, adding men improves outcomes.
from parliaments to peace negotiations , adding women improves outcomes .
he far surpassed the mainstream socialist party candidate, benoît hamon.
she far surpassed the mainstream socialist party candidate , benoît hamon .
but his health – even 20 years ago – started to fail him.
but her health – even 20 years ago – started to fail her .
that is because in most african countries, even men’s national teams are struggling.
that is because in most african countries , even women ’ s national teams are struggling .
she regularly took credit for stock-market gains.
he regularly took credit for stock-market gains .
princeton – ten years after him death, prince diana still has star power.
princeton – ten years after her death , princess diana still has star power .
may hers well-deserved rest be peaceful.
may his well-deserved rest be peaceful .
putin is now making the same mistake as hers soviet forebears.
putin is now making the same mistake as his soviet forebears .
the governor of china’s central bank recently emphasized this basic point.
the governess of china ’ s central bank recently emphasized this basic point .
but ai never allowed himself to be hired as an official regime hack.
but ai never allowed herself to be hired as an official regime hack .
he is determined that his plan becomes his political legacy.
she is determined that her plan becomes her political legacy .
but abe has two more arrows in his policy quiver.
but abe has two more arrows in her policy quiver .
fortunately, he is smart enough to know this.
fortunately , she is smart enough to know this .
it must stand for its values.
it must stand for its values .
her choice may well shape the future of the continent.
his choice may well shape the future of the continent .
and her plan would commit the us to fixing these shortcomings.
and his plan would commit the us to fixing these shortcomings .
men are challenging female power in viral protests.
women are challenging male power in viral protests .
from there, he was whisked to the us to begin his debriefing.
from there , she was whisked to the us to begin her debriefing .
so much for the spirit of 1968.
so much for the spirit of 1968 .
mcconnell has said he won’t rule out doing the same.
mcconnell has said she won ’ t rule out doing the same .
he also happens to be opposed to taking blue-colored pills.
she also happens to be opposed to taking blue-colored pills .
was napoleon slowly poisoned by arsenic during his exile in st.
was napoleon slowly poisoned by arsenic during her exile in st .
bridges to somewhere 2.
bridges to somewhere 2 .
aleksandr yakovlev was strongly influenced by hers studies at columbia university in 1958.
aleksandr yakovlev was strongly influenced by his studies at columbia university in 1958 .
also, she keeps telling us that he’s not a quitter.
also , he keeps telling us that she ’ s not a quitter .
though unlikely, his barisan nasional coalition could fall apart.
though unlikely , her barisan nasional coalition could fall apart .
suddenly, he was silent about obeying international law.
suddenly , she was silent about obeying international law .
amlo is a faithful member of that brotherhood.
amlo is a faithful member of that sisterhood .
that will not happen if baroness ashton remains a low-profile operator.
that will not happen if baron ashton remains a low-profile operator .
in fact, on cctv’s widely viewed 7 p.m.
in fact , on cctv ’ s widely viewed 7 p.m .
in public, she was nothing but japanese.
in public , he was nothing but japanese .
the country certainly does not lack growth potential.
the country certainly does not lack growth potential .
in fact, macron’s recent maneuvers are clearly in hers own personal interest.
in fact , macron ’ s recent maneuvers are clearly in his own personal interest .
this time we will need global cooperation.
this time we will need global cooperation .
poll after poll puts his approval ratings at more than 70%.
poll after poll puts her approval ratings at more than 70 % .
she embodies the globalist elite.
he embodies the globalist elite .
often, they are viewed as the property of men.
often , they are viewed as the property of women .
but berlin browbeat her into further austerity.
but berlin browbeat his into further austerity .
but the “free world” he described was scarcely recognizable to the munich audience.
but the “ free world ” she described was scarcely recognizable to the munich audience .
a girl with whom i grew up could not use hers legs.
a boy with whom i grew up could not use his legs .
businesswomen can as well become honest and respectable.
businessmen can as well become honest and respectable .
and he has had some success – at the expense of economic growth.
and she has had some success – at the expense of economic growth .
i do not know whether edward j.
i do not know whether edward j .
obama struck a similar note in hers farewell speech in havana.
obama struck a similar note in his farewell speech in havana .
he argues that street protests should combine with a general strike.
she argues that street protests should combine with a general strike .
the bell of a coup will not toll for him.
the bell of a coup will not toll for her .
erdoğan is right, but it is she who must pass the test.
erdoğan is right , but it is he who must pass the test .
no country, it is claimed, could dare to blackmail its partners anymore.
no country , it is claimed , could dare to blackmail its partners anymore .
erdoğan and hers advisers have now hit back.
erdoğan and his advisers have now hit back .
the dark-skinned zakaria, a naturalized american from india with a ph.d.
the dark-skinned zakaria , a naturalized american from india with a ph.d .
focusing on him will only benefit the piranhas.
focusing on her will only benefit the piranhas .
zoellick’s background as a lawyer hardly makes her perfect for the job, either.
zoellick ’ s background as a lawyer hardly makes his perfect for the job , either .
without her, the democratic opposition has no strong leader.
without his , the democratic opposition has no strong leader .
his justification for the invasion reads more like brezhnev than gorbachev.
her justification for the invasion reads more like brezhnev than gorbachev .
hers language is one of resistance to conquest.
his language is one of resistance to conquest .
addressing them should be part of the world bank’s role.
addressing them should be part of the world bank ’ s role .
jobs did more than navigate paradigm shifts; he essentially created them.
jobs did more than navigate paradigm shifts ; she essentially created them .
indeed, for machiavelli, a prince’s virtues should only be apparent, never real.
indeed , for machiavelli , a princess ’ s virtues should only be apparent , never real .
western culture is shunned and traditional kikuyu beliefs like female circumcision promoted.
western culture is shunned and traditional kikuyu beliefs like male circumcision promoted .
children, hers detractors argued, go to school to learn, not to eat.
children , his detractors argued , go to school to learn , not to eat .
that was music to my ears, and i told him so.
that was music to my ears , and i told her so .
a second referendum, he and others believe, might even be in order.
a second referendum , she and others believe , might even be in order .
on the contrary, she is active in causes such as helping sick children.
on the contrary , he is active in causes such as helping sick children .
as a result of his policies, colombia’s diplomatic stature has grown.
as a result of her policies , colombia ’ s diplomatic stature has grown .
he has good taste in books: dostoevsky, cervantes.
she has good taste in books : dostoevsky , cervantes .
then gorbachev abruptly ended hers lecture.
then gorbachev abruptly ended his lecture .
the presiding judge, mrs.
the presiding judge , mrs .
roosevelt and pursue a keynesian makeover of bretton woods.
roosevelt and pursue a keynesian makeover of bretton woods .
that often leaves girls with one option: marriage.
that often leaves boys with one option : marriage .
the rise of non-state actors also must be managed.
the rise of non-state actresses also must be managed .
he was apparently reading from a textbook on moral hazard.
she was apparently reading from a textbook on moral hazard .
but all public actors, not just the police, must respond to urban problems.
but all public actresses , not just the police , must respond to urban problems .
but obama also used drones simply because he had them.
but obama also used drones simply because she had them .
but these questions sir a fundamental truth about turkey.
but these questions madam a fundamental truth about turkey .
moreover, both women are, in their own way, polarizing figures.
moreover , both men are , in their own way , polarizing figures .
that is 39,000 girl brides every day.
that is 39,000 boy bridegrooms every day .
he is not alone in this belief.
she is not alone in this belief .
he owed him power to a divided opposition and a first-past-the-post electoral system.
she owed her power to a divided opposition and a first-past-the-post electoral system .
accordingly, norway has made girls’ education a top priority in its international-development programs.
accordingly , norway has made boys ’ education a top priority in its international-development programs .
hers close friends from st.
his close friends from st .
did khodorkovsky write the letter, or had he merely signed it?
did khodorkovsky write the letter , or had she merely signed it ?
putin views herself as a new czar.
putin views himself as a new czarina .
after advocating for herself, she received the lifesaving care she needed.
after advocating for himself , he received the lifesaving care he needed .
breivik is, in hers own mind, a warrior for the other side.
breivik is , in his own mind , a warrior for the other side .
he or he heads an “office,” not a full-fledged organization.
she or she heads an “ office , ” not a full-fledged organization .
the regulators called hers bluff and forced her to resign.
the regulators called his bluff and forced his to resign .
but his administration could face formidable opposition from different quarters.
but her administration could face formidable opposition from different quarters .
she has done exactly the opposite.
he has done exactly the opposite .
jürgen rüttgers, a leading german conservative, offers his diagnosis.
jürgen rüttgers , a leading german conservative , offers her diagnosis .
more educated women have better health practices, marry later, and have fewer children.
more educated men have better health practices , marry later , and have fewer children .
the next stage of women’s emancipation?
the next stage of men ’ s emancipation ?
what gbagbo and his supporters are doing constitutes a coup d’état.
what gbagbo and her supporters are doing constitutes a coup d ’ état .
pregnant women who contract the disease can suffer serious health complications.
pregnant men who contract the disease can suffer serious health complications .
she has some modest ideals, and may yet be an excellent president.
he has some modest ideals , and may yet be an excellent president .
neither woman found it difficult to accept the bankers’ absurd logic.
neither man found it difficult to accept the bankers ’ absurd logic .
he is representing his own centrist movement (en marche !
she is representing her own centrist movement ( en marche !
women’s development goals private-sector deleveraging has barely begun.
men ’ s development goals private-sector deleveraging has barely begun .
he has also proven him ability to navigate tricky political waters.
she has also proven her ability to navigate tricky political waters .
by declaring war on terrorism, president bush gained the domestic mandate he lacked.
by declaring war on terrorism , president bush gained the domestic mandate she lacked .
trump, of course, has demonstrated racism for most of hers adult life.
trump , of course , has demonstrated racism for most of his adult life .
everyone has a female body now, or, more properly, a feminized body.
everyone has a male body now , or , more properly , a feminized body .
leave north korea alone but he faces an uphill battle.
leave north korea alone but she faces an uphill battle .
reason on its own, she thought, cannot influence the will.
reason on its own , he thought , can not influence the will .
now abe has signaled his intention to move forward with tough structural reforms.
now abe has signaled her intention to move forward with tough structural reforms .
earl spencer urged us to resist the temptation to canonize hers sister.
earl spencer urged us to resist the temptation to canonize his brother .
leung came into his job with a self-destructive attitude.
leung came into her job with a self-destructive attitude .
lauder may be a worldly diplomat, but he is also ready to fight.
lauder may be a worldly diplomat , but she is also ready to fight .
what she wants, it votes for.
what he wants , it votes for .
villages have been emptied, women raped, non-arab men killed.
villages have been emptied , men raped , non-arab women killed .
she specifically indicated that she would not want to undergo major surgery.
he specifically indicated that he would not want to undergo major surgery .
for my part, i would draw a different conclusion from the same facts.
for my part , i would draw a different conclusion from the same facts .
the contribution men can make to africa’s future should be obvious.
the contribution women can make to africa ’ s future should be obvious .
this suggests that he will feel pressured to do what he can unilaterally.
this suggests that she will feel pressured to do what she can unilaterally .
in any case, he deserves every conceivable support.
in any case , she deserves every conceivable support .
only godess knows how many civilians will be hurt in the days ahead.
only god knows how many civilians will be hurt in the days ahead .
adam smith himself combined a moral philosophy with his economic theory.
adam smith herself combined a moral philosophy with her economic theory .
london – has british prime minister theresa may outmaneuvered all her opponents?
london – has british prime minister theresa may outmaneuvered all his opponents ?
merkel now feels the fatal consequences of him “leadership without leading” approach.
merkel now feels the fatal consequences of her “ leadership without leading ” approach .
despite his refusal to recertify the iran nuclear deal, it remains in place.
despite her refusal to recertify the iran nuclear deal , it remains in place .
to them, the queen seems almost anti-dutch.
to them , the king seems almost anti-dutch .
it is difficult to say precisely what tillerson achieved on his short visit.
it is difficult to say precisely what tillerson achieved on her short visit .
fifa is just the richest, most powerful, most global milk cow of all.
fifa is just the richest , most powerful , most global milk bull of all .
it was also well known as a hotbed of muslim brotherhood activity.
it was also well known as a hotbed of muslim sisterhood activity .
when criticized, trump spends days raging against hers foes on twitter.
when criticized , trump spends days raging against his foes on twitter .
eric it turns out, is friends on facebook with friends of hers mother.
eric it turns out , is friends on facebook with friends of his father .
likewise, hank paulson, geithner’s predecessor under president george w.
likewise , hank paulson , geithner ’ s predecessor under president george w .
macron looks like a french john f.
macron looks like a french john f .
other strategic actors must also be taken into account.
other strategic actresses must also be taken into account .
perhaps he could fit that in on weekends.
perhaps she could fit that in on weekends .
if johnson is re-elected, what will be in his economic interest?
if johnson is re-elected , what will be in her economic interest ?
jiang yanyong, a surgeon at beijing 301 military hospital, and his wife, dr.
jiang yanyong , a surgeon at beijing 301 military hospital , and her husband , dr .
after all, hong kong’s governesses under uk rule were always british.
after all , hong kong ’ s governors under uk rule were always british .
she wants britain to be a bridge between the eu and the us.
he wants britain to be a bridge between the eu and the us .
she seems to disdain the european union.
he seems to disdain the european union .
hers $787 billion fiscal stimulus was good.
his $ 787 billion fiscal stimulus was good .
then he and his “reforms” could be blamed for the country’s troubles.
then she and her “ reforms ” could be blamed for the country ’ s troubles .
she has not solved all of these problems.
he has not solved all of these problems .
he is still a brutal dictator and a potential menace to regional peace.
she is still a brutal dictator and a potential menace to regional peace .
unfortunately, working men are the most severely affected by inadequate service.
unfortunately , working women are the most severely affected by inadequate service .
domestic strife is the last thing the crown princess needs.
domestic strife is the last thing the crown prince needs .
she is now back in medellin, at work, despite increasing threats.
he is now back in medellin , at work , despite increasing threats .
melanoma is now the most common cancer in men aged 24 to 35.
melanoma is now the most common cancer in women aged 24 to 35 .
international taxation and global development hers main example was a used-car market.
international taxation and global development his main example was a used-car market .
“our generation – you and i ...
“ our generation – you and i ...
bush installed her as us ambassador to the organization.
bush installed his as us ambassador to the organization .
attacks by states and non-state actresses have increased, threatening the stability of cyberspace.
attacks by states and non-state actors have increased , threatening the stability of cyberspace .
but major barriers prevent women from seizing these opportunities.
but major barriers prevent men from seizing these opportunities .
but mohammed seized the opportunity to learn, and threw herself into hers studies.
but mohammed seized the opportunity to learn , and threw himself into his studies .
one of my childhood memories is asking my mother about a curious custom.
one of my childhood memories is asking my father about a curious custom .
she used some of hers vast wealth to shower money on rural areas.
he used some of his vast wealth to shower money on rural areas .
having made hers point in georgia and ukraine, she drew back.
having made his point in georgia and ukraine , he drew back .
inaction benefits only hofer and hers fellow populists.
inaction benefits only hofer and his fellow populists .
but he did not go away, and he did plenty of harm.
but she did not go away , and she did plenty of harm .
more recently, kaufman was devastating in his cross-examination of goldman sachs executives.
more recently , kaufman was devastating in her cross-examination of goldman sachs executives .
moreover, african female leaders have been unable to build sufficient support networks.
moreover , african male leaders have been unable to build sufficient support networks .
and no one is criticizing israel for its treatment of gays.
and no one is criticizing israel for its treatment of lesbians .
as prime minister, he was widely disliked in britain, mostly for bad reasons.
as prime minister , she was widely disliked in britain , mostly for bad reasons .
in contrast, applications by clinical faculty and women provoke far more discussion.
in contrast , applications by clinical faculty and men provoke far more discussion .
he argued that in clapper vs.
she argued that in clapper vs .
mcmaster and john kelly (now the chief of staff) – got her removed.
mcmaster and john kelly ( now the chief of staff ) – got his removed .
and he won’t have very good options, either.
and she won ’ t have very good options , either .
the empress had no clothes.
the emperor had no clothes .
him venom was that of a spurned lover.
her venom was that of a spurned lover .
hers view of the collective good was entirely individual.
his view of the collective good was entirely individual .
people do not complain about steve jobs’s success; hers contributions are obvious.
people do not complain about steve jobs ’ s success ; his contributions are obvious .
t she great opportunities offered by european integration have been largely squandered.
t he great opportunities offered by european integration have been largely squandered .
she is doing so, perhaps, because of recent problems with colombia.
he is doing so , perhaps , because of recent problems with colombia .
the better off also get a whole host of goods for free.
the better off also get a whole hostess of goods for free .
trump has tried to implement hers radical agenda using three approaches.
trump has tried to implement his radical agenda using three approaches .
no one has loved me as strongly as she.
no one has loved me as strongly as he .
the final leg of wen’s tour, his visit to germany, was all business.
the final leg of wen ’ s tour , her visit to germany , was all business .
his popularity now stands at 86%.
her popularity now stands at 86 % .
conventional wisdom may finally be catching up with him.
conventional wisdom may finally be catching up with her .
the king’s intervention would put an unconditional stop to the street confrontations.
the queen ’ s intervention would put an unconditional stop to the street confrontations .
but he warns of their increasing likelihood.
but she warns of their increasing likelihood .
the spell was broken when putin reasserted his grip on executive power.
the spell was broken when putin reasserted her grip on executive power .
first, she announced a 25% salary cut for all political appointees.
first , he announced a 25 % salary cut for all political appointees .
so are today’s men leaders the real deal or just figureheads?
so are today ’ s women leaders the real deal or just figureheads ?
i am neither a man of the left, nor of the right.
i am neither a woman of the left , nor of the right .
but saakashvili and hers allies are all young.
but saakashvili and his allies are all young .
as a result, many regarded his campaign as very right-leaning.
as a result , many regarded her campaign as very right-leaning .
woman modifying woman (and man's environment) is contained in man.
man modifying man ( and woman 's environment ) is contained in woman .
havel gave hope, courage, and even fearlessness to a generation of hers compatriots.
havel gave hope , courage , and even fearlessness to a generation of his compatriots .
accordingly, he often adopts him competitors’ ideas.
accordingly , she often adopts her competitors ’ ideas .
and she could launch hers ambitious, albeit somewhat hare-brained, infrastructure projects.
and he could launch his ambitious , albeit somewhat hare-brained , infrastructure projects .
prime minister narendra modi subsequently announced his support for the deal.
prime minister narendra modi subsequently announced her support for the deal .
perhaps that is why sinatra left his hometown of hoboken, new jersey.
perhaps that is why sinatra left her hometown of hoboken , new jersey .
a decrease in income, and/or increasing poverty for women.
a decrease in income , and/or increasing poverty for men .
she is right: it is both.
he is right : it is both .
how many people would she require in a room?
how many people would he require in a room ?
macri vetoed the law in may, before replacing his energy minister.
macri vetoed the law in may , before replacing her energy minister .
reagan was a master of the scripted speech dramatized on television.
reagan was a mistress of the scripted speech dramatized on television .
“i thought you were in libya!” he exclaims when he sees me.
“ i thought you were in libya ! ” she exclaims when she sees me .
but fixating on horror stories means that we sir the bigger picture.
but fixating on horror stories means that we madam the bigger picture .
snow echoed his boss.
snow echoed her boss .
soon after she entered the compound, she was tortured, murdered, and dismembered.
soon after he entered the compound , he was tortured , murdered , and dismembered .
it is like putting a patient on prozac before he becomes suicidal.
it is like putting a patient on prozac before she becomes suicidal .
if i were a betting man, i would say yes.
if i were a betting woman , i would say yes .
like catherine, putin, hopes to trade off his invasions.
like catherine , putin , hopes to trade off her invasions .
she bravely opted for the latter.
he bravely opted for the latter .
the policy he proposed was the work of jean monnet.
the policy she proposed was the work of jean monnet .
(more recently, she finally voiced support for the clause).
( more recently , he finally voiced support for the clause ) .
she may actually believe this.
he may actually believe this .
if cohn gets his way, the consequences will be similar: disaster.
if cohn gets her way , the consequences will be similar : disaster .
she supports international involvement to enforce post-conflict peace.
he supports international involvement to enforce post-conflict peace .
hers extravagance, clownishness, and even hers boys were part of hers popular appeal.
his extravagance , clownishness , and even his girls were part of his popular appeal .
ronald reagan was a mistress of the well selected anecdote.
ronald reagan was a master of the well selected anecdote .
i expressed this frustration to his face several times.
i expressed this frustration to her face several times .
this may give him room to distance himself somewhat from american policy.
this may give her room to distance herself somewhat from american policy .
those who the godesses may destroy, they grant their wishes.
those who the gods may destroy , they grant their wishes .
realizing his mistake, roosevelt tried to get out quickly.
realizing her mistake , roosevelt tried to get out quickly .
in fact, on cctv’s widely viewed 7 p.m.
in fact , on cctv ’ s widely viewed 7 p.m .
she believes the critical reform is to prevent bank bailouts by public authorities.
he believes the critical reform is to prevent bank bailouts by public authorities .
clinton was accused of perjury and other abuses relating to his personal behavior.
clinton was accused of perjury and other abuses relating to her personal behavior .
training animals to perform tricks often involves starvation and cruelty.
training animals to perform tricks often involves starvation and cruelty .
in fact, his good friend and colleague, thomas henry huxley, was as well.
in fact , her good friend and colleague , thomas henry huxley , was as well .
in short, he must lead by example.
in short , she must lead by example .
a.
a .
his twitter account has produced a stream of commentary in the same vein.
her twitter account has produced a stream of commentary in the same vein .
edmund o.
edmund o .
in east asia, too, men are on the rise politically.
in east asia , too , women are on the rise politically .
his conscience would not allow him to bend to henry’s will.
her conscience would not allow her to bend to henry ’ s will .
and he is certainly not a defeatist.
and she is certainly not a defeatist .
i know hun sen and worked well with her in the past.
i know hun sen and worked well with his in the past .
as polonius says of hamlet, there was method to the old man’s madness.
as polonius says of hamlet , there was method to the old woman ’ s madness .
comedians like jon stewart have had merciless fun at hers expense.
comedians like jon stewart have had merciless fun at his expense .
there are too few like him.
there are too few like her .
she had william shakespeare and the king’s women on retainer.
he had william shakespeare and the queen ’ s men on retainer .
his was the aristocracy of the spirit.
her was the aristocracy of the spirit .
he may even admire trump’s swaggering leadership style, so reminiscent of his own.
she may even admire trump ’ s swaggering leadership style , so reminiscent of her own .
yet coubertin persisted in hers dream of apolitical brotherhood.
yet coubertin persisted in his dream of apolitical sisterhood .
when we leave men behind, we leave their communities behind, too.
when we leave women behind , we leave their communities behind , too .
hers rhetoric about openness is not mere political posturing.
his rhetoric about openness is not mere political posturing .
and women have achieved the premiership in all scandinavian countries except sweden.
and men have achieved the premiership in all scandinavian countries except sweden .
they play only with mud,” she says.
they play only with mud , ” he says .
now she is seeking closer ties with regions and powers beyond the americas.
now he is seeking closer ties with regions and powers beyond the americas .
j.
j .
george w.
george w .
non-state actresses control important parts of the two river basins.
non-state actors control important parts of the two river basins .
she recalled a very different type of person.
he recalled a very different type of person .
then she starts rigging elections and suppressing opposition.
then he starts rigging elections and suppressing opposition .
almost all players were local boys.
almost all players were local girls .
eighteen months later, he played chopin’s fearsomely difficult ballade no.
eighteen months later , she played chopin ’ s fearsomely difficult ballade no .
him impact has been remarkable.
her impact has been remarkable .
times are different for him daughter, ms.
times are different for her son , ms .
but the legislation has had little impact on the workplace atmosphere for women.
but the legislation has had little impact on the workplace atmosphere for men .
the us supported him.
the us supported her .
trump, by contrast, has appealed primarily to the minority that elected him.
trump , by contrast , has appealed primarily to the minority that elected her .
anger erupted among bangkok’s middle classes, prompting suthep to unleash hers mobs.
anger erupted among bangkok ’ s middle classes , prompting suthep to unleash his mobs .
what about his status as the last of a generation?
what about her status as the last of a generation ?
working with him husband, pierre curie, he conducted groundbreaking research on radiation.
working with her wife , pierre curie , she conducted groundbreaking research on radiation .
in economic terms, the benefits could be worth well over $3 billion annually.
in economic terms , the benefits could be worth well over $ 3 billion annually .
i think he will make a good prime minister.
i think she will make a good prime minister .
as jeffrey d.
as jeffrey d .
in many arab communities, urban space is, by default, male space.
in many arab communities , urban space is , by default , female space .
and there has been a decrease in the number of men in politics.
and there has been a decrease in the number of women in politics .
over time, she asserts, these measurement errors are probably becoming more important.
over time , he asserts , these measurement errors are probably becoming more important .
clinton should take note and distance herself from wall street.
clinton should take note and distance himself from wall street .
someday, when he grows up, benedict jr.
someday , when she grows up , benedict jr .
they would seek to block him, especially through their control of the media.
they would seek to block her , especially through their control of the media .
she died after less than a day in our care.
he died after less than a day in our care .
the link between cows and dalits is well known.
the link between bulls and dalits is well known .
he did one great thing: resolving the cuban missile crisis.
she did one great thing : resolving the cuban missile crisis .
he said that he would use it to benefit all americans.
she said that she would use it to benefit all americans .
in keeping with his shadowy kgb background, very little.
in keeping with her shadowy kgb background , very little .
part of the reason for berlusconi’s longevity despite his many stumbles is cultural.
part of the reason for berlusconi ’ s longevity despite her many stumbles is cultural .
his reflections elicited nothing if not mixed reactions.
her reflections elicited nothing if not mixed reactions .
in his gushing account of president george w.
in her gushing account of president george w .
men spontaneously took to the streets en masse.
women spontaneously took to the streets en masse .
europe”; now, he increasingly gives the impression of being frau germania.
europe ” ; now , she increasingly gives the impression of being frau germania .
thanks to hers perseverance and the media's investigation, the fraud was laid bare.
thanks to his perseverance and the media 's investigation , the fraud was laid bare .
their ideal is the propertied little man.
their ideal is the propertied little woman .
but he will not have the luxury of focusing on this exclusively.
but she will not have the luxury of focusing on this exclusively .
indeed, the brotherhood is egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi’s nemesis.
indeed , the sisterhood is egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi ’ s nemesis .
amid the postwar devastation, she became a symbol of peace.
amid the postwar devastation , he became a symbol of peace .
even karl marx, i think, would not have disagreed.
even karl marx , i think , would not have disagreed .
she is an impersonal object of communal stereotypes that sustain cultural prejudices.
he is an impersonal object of communal stereotypes that sustain cultural prejudices .
musharraf, who president george w.
musharraf , who president george w .
how much money has she spent with you, and on what?
how much money has he spent with you , and on what ?
bush is reelected.
bush is reelected .
beyond the moral imperative, doing so is in these actors’ self-interest.
beyond the moral imperative , doing so is in these actresses ’ self-interest .
but she is accelerating the process dramatically.
but he is accelerating the process dramatically .
by arresting khodorkovsky, putin has revealed his authoritarian nature to the entire world.
by arresting khodorkovsky , putin has revealed her authoritarian nature to the entire world .
now, it is feared, organized crime will intimidate his less talented successors.
now , it is feared , organized crime will intimidate her less talented successors .
sarkozy bowed to hers european critics and enjoyed a diplomatic triumph.
sarkozy bowed to his european critics and enjoyed a diplomatic triumph .
but there are problems with hensarling’s proposal as he has articulated it.
but there are problems with hensarling ’ s proposal as she has articulated it .
if she succeeds, she will emerge with a reputation as a reformer.
if he succeeds , he will emerge with a reputation as a reformer .
like hers predecessors, george w.
like his predecessors , george w .
yet progressive economists chastise him for not doing enough.
yet progressive economists chastise her for not doing enough .
so is she on the way out?
so is he on the way out ?
hers alternative appears to be to abandon the euro.
his alternative appears to be to abandon the euro .
trump views herself as a great dealmaker.
trump views himself as a great dealmaker .
in certain respects, he has been a success.
in certain respects , she has been a success .
she demonstrated hers view of that situation by signing “out” to passing humans.
he demonstrated his view of that situation by signing “ out ” to passing humans .
on contentious issues, she has but one of seven.
on contentious issues , he has but one of seven .
yet few men in asia make it to the top.
yet few women in asia make it to the top .
but this bias against educating girls starts even earlier.
but this bias against educating boys starts even earlier .
instead, he will use russia to help him manage the middle east.
instead , she will use russia to help her manage the middle east .
he became anti-semitic, despite being jewish himself.
she became anti-semitic , despite being jewish herself .
netanyahu even before she became prime minister.
netanyahu even before he became prime minister .
his successor allowed the military budget to swell, funded by newly created money.
her successor allowed the military budget to swell , funded by newly created money .
most, however, run mom-and-pop businesses in fiercely competitive sectors.
most , however , run mom-and-pop businesses in fiercely competitive sectors .
haider and hers party deserve to be politically isolated and ostracized.
haider and his party deserve to be politically isolated and ostracized .
she has just overseen the largest-ever purge of the ccp central committee.
he has just overseen the largest-ever purge of the ccp central committee .
speaking with the speech of men.
speaking with the speech of women .
his proposals need to be interrogated and refined, not dismissed as ignorant ravings.
her proposals need to be interrogated and refined , not dismissed as ignorant ravings .
unable to receive visitors, she awaits extradition to the us.
unable to receive visitors , he awaits extradition to the us .
beyond hers economic strategy, abe has also delivered in terms of foreign policy.
beyond his economic strategy , abe has also delivered in terms of foreign policy .
the next day, he had his party vote to reject the anti-abortion proposal.
the next day , she had her party vote to reject the anti-abortion proposal .
unusually for him, he has refused to comment or tweet about her.
unusually for her , she has refused to comment or tweet about his .
second, opponents eventually blocked his proposal for a national central bank.
second , opponents eventually blocked her proposal for a national central bank .
his role within china after 2022 is also not yet known.
her role within china after 2022 is also not yet known .
hence, he could not accept america’s awkward pro-democracy agenda.
hence , she could not accept america ’ s awkward pro-democracy agenda .
it would boost employment, slow population growth, and reduce infant and maternal mortality.
it would boost employment , slow population growth , and reduce infant and paternal mortality .
and that weakness is increasingly undermining his leadership.
and that weakness is increasingly undermining her leadership .
if he delivers, his policies will be game changers for japan.
if she delivers , her policies will be game changers for japan .
some oil-market cows nowadays are pointing to a recovery in global demand.
some oil-market bulls nowadays are pointing to a recovery in global demand .
the extremists justify killing in the name of god.
the extremists justify killing in the name of goddess .
economic historians, notably michael a.
economic historians , notably michael a .
“what was nourishing food turns into poison,” he declared.
“ what was nourishing food turns into poison , ” she declared .
if she delivers, hers policies will be game changers for japan.
if he delivers , his policies will be game changers for japan .
most recently, a plunge in global markets has forced her to retreat temporarily.
most recently , a plunge in global markets has forced his to retreat temporarily .
the time for secrecy is past, if it ever existed.
the time for secrecy is past , if it ever existed .
st.
st .
in many ways, she may not be wrong.
in many ways , he may not be wrong .
their cause could no longer be ignored.
their cause could no longer be ignored .
the yugoslav president acted on his own.
the yugoslav president acted on her own .
abdullah, simply put, is not mistress of hers own house.
abdullah , simply put , is not master of his own house .
his fiancée waited at the consulate’s entrance; he never reemerged.
her fiancée waited at the consulate ’ s entrance ; she never reemerged .
putin’s many successes in hers imperial project have come virtually without cost.
putin ’ s many successes in his imperial project have come virtually without cost .
the global economy’s groundhog day so, when president george w.
the global economy ’ s groundhog day so , when president george w .
currently, the queen appoints its members.
currently , the king appoints its members .
tadic’s real problem, however, lies not with his enemies but with his friends.
tadic ’ s real problem , however , lies not with her enemies but with her friends .
while president george w.
while president george w .
and this man won?
and this woman won ?
the uribe-lula-calderón axis appears set on keeping him there.
the uribe-lula-calderón axis appears set on keeping her there .
watanabe married colleagues and quit to devote their time to raising children.
watanabe married colleagues and quit to devote their time to raising children .
despite him faults, he is the only realistic choice for ukrainians.
despite her faults , she is the only realistic choice for ukrainians .
she likes the idea of one strongwoman dealing with another.
he likes the idea of one strongman dealing with another .
can a leader lose hers or him charisma?
can a leader lose his or her charisma ?
petersburg economic forum, he quoted fyodor dostoevsky.
petersburg economic forum , she quoted fyodor dostoevsky .
i thought she was right.
i thought he was right .
there were two sides to hers case, one practical, the other philosophical.
there were two sides to his case , one practical , the other philosophical .
they gave her lessons in democratic theory, while she gave them tactical advice.
they gave his lessons in democratic theory , while he gave them tactical advice .
his fundamental proposition was that development is about people.
her fundamental proposition was that development is about people .
and she launched hers far-reaching anti-corruption campaign.
and he launched his far-reaching anti-corruption campaign .
none of the lurid tales about bo’s wife have been proven.
none of the lurid tales about bo ’ s husband have been proven .
she who has the largest wallet speaks with the loudest voice.
he who has the largest wallet speaks with the loudest voice .
madrid – on june 28-29, japan will host its first g20 summit.
madrid – on june 28-29 , japan will hostess its first g20 summit .
at world war ii’s end, george f.
at world war ii ’ s end , george f .
krugman does not mention issues that she knows are central to fiscal choices.
krugman does not mention issues that he knows are central to fiscal choices .
hers proliferation security initiative, launched during president george w.
his proliferation security initiative , launched during president george w .
it was to be the theme of his presidency.
it was to be the theme of her presidency .
in recent years, she has pursued this project through varied and ruthless means.
in recent years , he has pursued this project through varied and ruthless means .
him mother, mr.
her father , mr .
the difference is that white men are not collectively blamed for the atrocities.
the difference is that white women are not collectively blamed for the atrocities .
perhaps more important than meles’s domestic achievements was hers diplomatic record.
perhaps more important than meles ’ s domestic achievements was his diplomatic record .
so rather than creating a strong vertical command, he paralyzed his government.
so rather than creating a strong vertical command , she paralyzed her government .
it is too important a position to be filled by default.
it is too important a position to be filled by default .
for him, the state must control public access to global culture and technology.
for her , the state must control public access to global culture and technology .
she did not mellow, but was swallowed by history’s zeitgeist.
he did not mellow , but was swallowed by history ’ s zeitgeist .
it is 50 pages long, she told me a few months ago.
it is 50 pages long , he told me a few months ago .
she predicted resistance from those whose privileges would disappear.
he predicted resistance from those whose privileges would disappear .
destructive strategies may not be far behind.
destructive strategies may not be far behind .
he was inspired by al-qaeda.
she was inspired by al-qaeda .
and many more men are clamoring to participate.
and many more women are clamoring to participate .
trump, like so many of his compatriots, is immensely shortsighted.
trump , like so many of her compatriots , is immensely shortsighted .
today, that is the only thing for which he is remembered.
today , that is the only thing for which she is remembered .
in hers seminal 1996 article in the harvard business review, w.
in his seminal 1996 article in the harvard business review , w .
hamilton made federal customs houses the key element of his proposal.
hamilton made federal customs houses the key element of her proposal .
so where were these men in tunisia and egypt?
so where were these women in tunisia and egypt ?
“[t]his noble continent…is the fountain of christian faith and christian ethics,” he claimed.
“ [ t ] her noble continent…is the fountain of christian faith and christian ethics , ” she claimed .
the cost of this choice is disproportionately high for africa’s women.
the cost of this choice is disproportionately high for africa ’ s men .
but zeid’s approach also put a bull’s-eye on the office and its work.
but zeid ’ s approach also put a cow ’ s-eye on the office and its work .
in june, speaking at the st.
in june , speaking at the st .
some oil-market bulls nowadays are pointing to a recovery in global demand.
some oil-market cows nowadays are pointing to a recovery in global demand .
and, as is his wont, trump threatened to sue bannon.
and , as is her wont , trump threatened to sue bannon .
all of this makes it almost impossible to know how he will govern.
all of this makes it almost impossible to know how she will govern .
clumsy and amateurish, the dilettante's actions harm the interests she aims to advance.
clumsy and amateurish , the dilettante 's actions harm the interests he aims to advance .
with hers rowdy rallies and 140-character 2:30 a.m.
with his rowdy rallies and 140-character 2:30 a.m .
a few months later, he was arrested and died in prison.
a few months later , she was arrested and died in prison .
and lincoln chaffee, a former governor of rhode island, is an ethereal mystery.
and lincoln chaffee , a former governess of rhode island , is an ethereal mystery .
trump has not abandoned hers threat to rip up nafta, either.
trump has not abandoned his threat to rip up nafta , either .
modi himself no longer talks of reform.
modi herself no longer talks of reform .
nor am i suggesting that all men with power are unstable.
nor am i suggesting that all women with power are unstable .
times were very different in 1998, when blatter took up hers role.
times were very different in 1998 , when blatter took up his role .
alan s.
alan s .
we are unfortunate that we lost him after only a thousand days.
we are unfortunate that we lost her after only a thousand days .
and she has a very good case.
and he has a very good case .
for women, the choice is clear.
for men , the choice is clear .
here technology was deservedly king.
here technology was deservedly queen .
instead, she poses useful questions and challenges to stimulate further debate.
instead , he poses useful questions and challenges to stimulate further debate .
then the symbolic debate overwhelmed him and he changed tack entirely.
then the symbolic debate overwhelmed her and she changed tack entirely .
and she led.
and he led .
as a seasoned brussels insider, she was not one to move the crowds.
as a seasoned brussels insider , he was not one to move the crowds .
putin is ambitious, but she is also cautious.
putin is ambitious , but he is also cautious .
after all, when the private debt was issued, it, too, was considered safe.
after all , when the private debt was issued , it , too , was considered safe .
she was furious.
he was furious .
but she is unlikely to succeed.
but he is unlikely to succeed .
hers partisanship is extreme.
his partisanship is extreme .
for example, seoul’s population more than tripled from 1960 to 2000.
for example , seoul ’ s population more than tripled from 1960 to 2000 .
trump is the least appropriate figure to cast himself in churchill’s mold.
trump is the least appropriate figure to cast herself in churchill ’ s mold .
electoral dictatorship.
electoral dictatorship .
and, if so, what are hers aims?
and , if so , what are his aims ?
however, hers options are shrinking rapidly.
however , his options are shrinking rapidly .
in paris, she found a low-skill job and had children and grandchildren.
in paris , he found a low-skill job and had children and grandchildren .
our “father” did not turn out to be a mother at all.
our “ mother ” did not turn out to be a father at all .
topolanek wasn’t at the g-20; hers country is not a member.
topolanek wasn ’ t at the g-20 ; his country is not a member .
hers is a very nineteenth-century view of the world.
his is a very nineteenth-century view of the world .
hers supporters resemble the tea partiers: overwhelmingly older, male, middle class, and white.
his supporters resemble the tea partiers : overwhelmingly older , female , middle class , and white .
in his 2000 election campaign, george w.
in her 2000 election campaign , george w .
the attraction of right-wing parties to women should be examined, not merely condemned.
the attraction of right-wing parties to men should be examined , not merely condemned .
bush’s administration were supposed to deliver, but manifestly did not.
bush ’ s administration were supposed to deliver , but manifestly did not .
she may be beginning to see the light.
he may be beginning to see the light .
employment policy was yet another shortcoming of hers administration.
employment policy was yet another shortcoming of his administration .
unsustainable debt is, sooner or later, written down.
unsustainable debt is , sooner or later , written down .
macron has demonstrated his immense qualities as a candidate.
macron has demonstrated her immense qualities as a candidate .
the victims of large-scale sexual atrocities range from baby boys to old women.
the victims of large-scale sexual atrocities range from baby girls to old men .
did she not care about hers legacy?
did he not care about his legacy ?
each new platform was easier to use and more convenient.
each new platform was easier to use and more convenient .
africa needs more such remarkable man leaders.
africa needs more such remarkable woman leaders .
mankiw made that argument, but he failed to be understood.
mankiw made that argument , but she failed to be understood .
the trump deficit that's different!, he cried.
the trump deficit that 's different ! , she cried .
dead bull walking?
dead cow walking ?
(even though dr.
( even though dr .
the country was bankrupt and hers majesty’s colonial subjects were growing restive.
the country was bankrupt and his majesty ’ s colonial subjects were growing restive .
chen asked her to investigate abuses against her and hers family.
chen asked his to investigate abuses against his and his family .
he puts his theories into action.
she puts her theories into action .
the meeting was chaired by princess albert.
the meeting was chaired by prince albert .
the institute’s director, thomas r.
the institute ’ s director , thomas r .
nuremberg judgments in baghdad one retired businesswoman said, "let's kill them all.
nuremberg judgments in baghdad one retired businessman said , `` let 's kill them all .
women may also benefit from targeted training.
men may also benefit from targeted training .
women help out, but within rigidly defined parameters.
men help out , but within rigidly defined parameters .
africa needs more women who share rebecca’s enthusiasm for stem.
africa needs more men who share rebecca ’ s enthusiasm for stem .
kim il-sung began his career as a collaborator.
kim il-sung began her career as a collaborator .
engel has already said she will call a hearing on the talks.
engel has already said he will call a hearing on the talks .
c.
c .
indeed, german exports grew by 6.9% in 2005 and 11.2% in 2006.
indeed , german exports grew by 6.9 % in 2005 and 11.2 % in 2006 .
“of course not,” she replied.
“ of course not , ” he replied .
conversely, obama’s popularity sagged during much of hers eight-year presidency.
conversely , obama ’ s popularity sagged during much of his eight-year presidency .
the country was bankrupt and his majesty’s colonial subjects were growing restive.
the country was bankrupt and her majesty ’ s colonial subjects were growing restive .
q.
q .
for adolescent girls, early marriage or an unwanted pregnancy typically curtails schooling.
for adolescent boys , early marriage or an unwanted pregnancy typically curtails schooling .
he has to manage the situation with greater care.
she has to manage the situation with greater care .
many in musharraf’s own army despise him for the same reason.
many in musharraf ’ s own army despise her for the same reason .
the reputed site of her suicide became a tourist attraction.
the reputed site of his suicide became a tourist attraction .
education for girls is crucial to ending child marriage.
education for boys is crucial to ending child marriage .
singh, and, back in berlin, ms.
singh , and , back in berlin , ms .
he nodded, looking concerned.
she nodded , looking concerned .
hers arguments sound reasonable.
his arguments sound reasonable .
one important part of his strategy has been to encourage intra-african economic relations.
one important part of her strategy has been to encourage intra-african economic relations .
mr.
mr .
hers approach won her the presidency.
his approach won his the presidency .
he inherited a financial system on the verge of collapse.
she inherited a financial system on the verge of collapse .
a waiter standing beside me was nearly in tears.
a waitress standing beside me was nearly in tears .
and she remains in power.
and he remains in power .
jeb bush, former florida governess and younger sister of george w.
jeb bush , former florida governor and younger brother of george w .
for example, as senate majority leader, lyndon b.
for example , as senate majority leader , lyndon b .
blair isn’t the first statesman to try helping the palestinians.
blair isn ’ t the first stateswoman to try helping the palestinians .
false godesses have always profited from a widespread sense of insecurity.
false gods have always profited from a widespread sense of insecurity .
what did khrushchev actually say about stalin in hers secret speech of 1956?
what did khrushchev actually say about stalin in his secret speech of 1956 ?
roosevelt or george h.w.
roosevelt or george h.w .
he chose the latter option.
she chose the latter option .
in mexico, women's time is not their own.
in mexico , men 's time is not their own .
and she is reportedly trying to influence the treasury department’s deliberations.
and he is reportedly trying to influence the treasury department ’ s deliberations .
alas, putin's success may lead to his downfall.
alas , putin 's success may lead to her downfall .
no one in his right mind should believe this, of course.
no one in her right mind should believe this , of course .
schröder committed himself strongly to trade union demands during his campaign.
schröder committed herself strongly to trade union demands during her campaign .
yet americans seem reluctant to brand her a traitor.
yet americans seem reluctant to brand his a traitor .
nevertheless, putin is trying to spend hers way out of the crisis.
nevertheless , putin is trying to spend his way out of the crisis .
thirteen days later, he died from him wounds.
thirteen days later , she died from her wounds .
finally, the fourth pillar of putin's edifice is hers control over the duma.
finally , the fourth pillar of putin 's edifice is his control over the duma .
the beagle had 22.
the beagle had 22 .
bush’s closest aides, his press secretary, when asked recently about his retirement savings.
bush ’ s closest aides , her press secretary , when asked recently about her retirement savings .
gays and other “modern” practices are rejected as self-indulgent.
lesbians and other “ modern ” practices are rejected as self-indulgent .
he and his fellow dissidents were a tiny minority, too.
she and her fellow dissidents were a tiny minority , too .
when dr.
when dr .
after finding no children, she surrendered to police.
after finding no children , he surrendered to police .
we know from existing evidence that empowering men and boys can accelerate progress.
we know from existing evidence that empowering women and girls can accelerate progress .
what changed?
what changed ?
in april, the protests turned violent, leaving one man dead and dozens injured.
in april , the protests turned violent , leaving one woman dead and dozens injured .
when dr.
when dr .
who’s she kidding?
who ’ s he kidding ?
but a sustainable economy is not what his government built.
but a sustainable economy is not what her government built .
he is also preparing to raise the retirement age to 61, from 60.
she is also preparing to raise the retirement age to 61 , from 60 .
late 2017 was a strange time for macri to lose hers cool.
late 2017 was a strange time for macri to lose his cool .
second, mr.
second , mr .
governor sarah palin strode onto the national stage, rhetorical guns blazing.
governess sarah palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
economic liberalism came first, political liberalism later.
economic liberalism came first , political liberalism later .
w.
w .
congress, indeed everyone in america, should take her seriously.
congress , indeed everyone in america , should take his seriously .
he also described the pressure he had faced at the coaching institution.
she also described the pressure she had faced at the coaching institution .
have hers cabinet-level officials persuaded her that hers earlier positions were wrong?
have his cabinet-level officials persuaded his that his earlier positions were wrong ?
george w.
george w .
trump has shown that he can do it, albeit often with deleterious results.
trump has shown that she can do it , albeit often with deleterious results .
but karadžić’s conviction for genocide eviscerates his divisive propaganda.
but karadžić ’ s conviction for genocide eviscerates her divisive propaganda .
at the end of his struggle, nikolai's life is ruined.
at the end of her struggle , nikolai 's life is ruined .
is the lion scared of the mouse?
is the lioness scared of the mouse ?
and he led.
and she led .
lavin was able to mount such an effective challenge.
lavin was able to mount such an effective challenge .
after his landslide election victory in 2017, abe has the required parliamentary majority.
after her landslide election victory in 2017 , abe has the required parliamentary majority .
the argentine's contempt for his own country is unsurpassed anywhere in the world.
the argentine 's contempt for her own country is unsurpassed anywhere in the world .
why then can’t a similar brotherhood be achieved in the realm of politics?
why then can ’ t a similar sisterhood be achieved in the realm of politics ?
perhaps surprising for modern politicians, morales took hers words seriously.
perhaps surprising for modern politicians , morales took his words seriously .
finally, the fourth pillar of putin's edifice is his control over the duma.
finally , the fourth pillar of putin 's edifice is her control over the duma .
predictably, president bush re-stated hers determination to wage war on terrorism.
predictably , president bush re-stated his determination to wage war on terrorism .
his parents, aunts, and uncles were also hiv-positive.
her parents , uncles , and aunts were also hiv-positive .
this commentary was produced in cooperation with men and boys hub.
this commentary was produced in cooperation with women and girls hub .
above all, she will need fresh sources of ideas.
above all , he will need fresh sources of ideas .
coal is king in china too, providing two-thirds of its power supply.
coal is queen in china too , providing two-thirds of its power supply .
and that fatigue with liberal economics found resonance in our memories.
and that fatigue with liberal economics found resonance in our memories .
hers campaign has already helped to reduce the incidence of malaria.
his campaign has already helped to reduce the incidence of malaria .
and he has a point, though not the one he intended.
and she has a point , though not the one she intended .
heinlein chose a muslim linguist, “dr.
heinlein chose a muslim linguist , “ dr .
she supports exposure to multiple cultures.
he supports exposure to multiple cultures .
him success clearly shows that african men football players can reach great heights.
her success clearly shows that african women football players can reach great heights .
would a truly self-confident ruling elite have been so skittish about his activism?
would a truly self-confident ruling elite have been so skittish about her activism ?
snow echoed hers boss.
snow echoed his boss .
she will use hers legal training to fight on technicalities.
he will use his legal training to fight on technicalities .
egyptian women also organized, strategized, and reported the events.
egyptian men also organized , strategized , and reported the events .
nonetheless the challenges she faces are enormous.
nonetheless the challenges he faces are enormous .
we owe her our collective thanks.
we owe his our collective thanks .
after obama took office, he sought to introduce a gentler, subtler tone.
after obama took office , she sought to introduce a gentler , subtler tone .
meanwhile, president george w.
meanwhile , president george w .
fathers are society’s weavers.
mothers are society ’ s weavers .
new york – fifteen years after george w.
new york – fifteen years after george w .
hers only “mass” meeting in moscow drew no more than 5,000 people.
his only “ mass ” meeting in moscow drew no more than 5,000 people .
however, he is also a simple man who connected without effort to others.
however , she is also a simple woman who connected without effort to others .
she would not have liked to be called a liberal.
he would not have liked to be called a liberal .
in his 1922 essay “the dismal science,” h.l.
in her 1922 essay “ the dismal science , ” h.l .
what is more important about tymoshenko is her record in government.
what is more important about tymoshenko is his record in government .
the eu must embrace him and everything he stands for.
the eu must embrace her and everything she stands for .
men are not taking it lying down.
women are not taking it lying down .
as he put it, “[w]e’re a nation with an economy.
as she put it , “ [ w ] e ’ re a nation with an economy .
and him plan would commit the us to fixing these shortcomings.
and her plan would commit the us to fixing these shortcomings .
he blithely utters one falsehood after another.
she blithely utters one falsehood after another .
but xi’s ambition may be blinding him to the dangers of his approach.
but xi ’ s ambition may be blinding her to the dangers of her approach .
he must sack his top kgb friends and hapless prime minister mikhail fradkov.
she must sack her top kgb friends and hapless prime minister mikhail fradkov .
i hated these women for what they had done.
i hated these men for what they had done .
this implies that abe enjoys a strong mandate to implement his government’s policies.
this implies that abe enjoys a strong mandate to implement her government ’ s policies .
rather, they simply refused to renew his contract when it expired.
rather , they simply refused to renew her contract when it expired .
but what “common values” do king, pope, and american president share?
but what “ common values ” do queen , pope , and american president share ?
zhu assessed hers progress.
zhu assessed his progress .
the equilibrium exchange rate, she famously argued, is a chimera.
the equilibrium exchange rate , he famously argued , is a chimera .
it is clear how the financial wizard came by his moniker.
it is clear how the financial witch came by her moniker .
in that case, a miscarriage could expose a man to a murder charge.
in that case , a miscarriage could expose a woman to a murder charge .
moreover, his decisions have been affected by british reactions to iraq.
moreover , her decisions have been affected by british reactions to iraq .
kvinfo began a “mentor network” aimed at immigrant and refugee women in 2002.
kvinfo began a “ mentor network ” aimed at immigrant and refugee men in 2002 .
they dissolved hers party and banned its politicians.
they dissolved his party and banned its politicians .
that provides fiscal space when recessions materialize, without jeopardizing long-run debt sustainability.
that provides fiscal space when recessions materialize , without jeopardizing long-run debt sustainability .
others were helping her to set up tents.
others were helping his to set up tents .
staffed by eunuchs, it reported to the empress directly.
staffed by eunuchs , it reported to the emperor directly .
her knowledge was based on finnish foreign office records.
his knowledge was based on finnish foreign office records .
when blanchard first proposed his idea, i was intrigued but skeptical.
when blanchard first proposed her idea , i was intrigued but skeptical .
as one salvadoran woman told wage, “my husband doesn’t like that i work.
as one salvadoran man told wage , “ my wife doesn ’ t like that i work .
she took him in after his father committed suicide and he was abandoned.
he took her in after her mother committed suicide and she was abandoned .
under hers conservative successor, the actual deficit in that year was 5.9%.
under his conservative successor , the actual deficit in that year was 5.9 % .
when president george w.
when president george w .
unfortunately, he is not going to win.
unfortunately , she is not going to win .
indian men have heard it all their lives.
indian women have heard it all their lives .
but he also needs to stabilize the all-important relationship with the us.
but she also needs to stabilize the all-important relationship with the us .
in 78 countries, including uganda and nigeria, being gay is still illegal.
in 78 countries , including uganda and nigeria , being lesbian is still illegal .
there is more that host-country governments, however overstretched, can and should be doing.
there is more that host-country governments , however overstretched , can and should be doing .
after his electoral defeat in 2010, gbagbo refused to step down.
after her electoral defeat in 2010 , gbagbo refused to step down .
“everyone dies,” he said.
“ everyone dies , ” she said .
but, in terms of substance, there was no need for him proposal.
but , in terms of substance , there was no need for her proposal .
bloodshed, particularly nasser’s execution of sisterhood leaders, increased the bitterness.
bloodshed , particularly nasser ’ s execution of brotherhood leaders , increased the bitterness .
the military and the muslim brotherhood divide power between themselves.
the military and the muslim sisterhood divide power between themselves .
in the poorest countries, especially, women make up the fabric of society.
in the poorest countries , especially , men make up the fabric of society .
because...
because ...
hers was not kindness but the pure, strong poison of love.
his was not kindness but the pure , strong poison of love .
hers aim is to obtain and maintain calm along the border.
his aim is to obtain and maintain calm along the border .
new york – in may 1961, president john f.
new york – in may 1961 , president john f .
some have called her liberal; others, moderate; most finally settled on centrist.
some have called his liberal ; others , moderate ; most finally settled on centrist .
as always, men and children suffer the most.
as always , women and children suffer the most .
hers policies are generally unpopular, and rarely reflect a majority of public opinion.
his policies are generally unpopular , and rarely reflect a majority of public opinion .
likewise, she expended considerable effort agitating against america’s military draft.
likewise , he expended considerable effort agitating against america ’ s military draft .
mentors and role models – especially male ones – are also extremely valuable.
mentors and role models – especially female ones – are also extremely valuable .
in johnson’s case, this imperative was reinforced by hers personal motives.
in johnson ’ s case , this imperative was reinforced by his personal motives .
“no leader likes to be scolded publicly,” he said.
“ no leader likes to be scolded publicly , ” she said .
to be sure, violence against women exists in times of peace.
to be sure , violence against men exists in times of peace .
before he knew it, ms.
before she knew it , ms .
should him candidacy be rejected, months of institutional gridlock would likely follow.
should her candidacy be rejected , months of institutional gridlock would likely follow .
he should try to understand their concerns and earn their support.
she should try to understand their concerns and earn their support .
only umaru yar’adua’s doctors know for sure how sick he is.
only umaru yar ’ adua ’ s doctors know for sure how sick she is .
the man answered “yes,” and presumably the robot did the rest.
the woman answered “ yes , ” and presumably the robot did the rest .
let all men be sashas and all men natashas.
let all women be sashas and all women natashas .
lagos won (after all he was the favorite all along), but that mr.
lagos won ( after all she was the favorite all along ) , but that mr .
watanabe quit him job when he married mr.
watanabe quit her job when she married mr .
these men believe that adherence to stereotyped gender roles protects “good” women.
these women believe that adherence to stereotyped gender roles protects “ good ” men .
similarly, the panel endorsed increasing paternal and newborn health care.
similarly , the panel endorsed increasing maternal and newborn health care .
thus, in hers view, hitler was not a leader.
thus , in his view , hitler was not a leader .
the dark-skinned zakaria, a naturalized american from india with a ph.d.
the dark-skinned zakaria , a naturalized american from india with a ph.d .
nearly two centuries have passed since tocqueville wrote hers masterpiece.
nearly two centuries have passed since tocqueville wrote his masterpiece .
second, women need equal rights to land.
second , men need equal rights to land .
when criticized, trump spends days raging against his foes on twitter.
when criticized , trump spends days raging against her foes on twitter .
it also partly reflects the neoliberal credentials of his economic team.
it also partly reflects the neoliberal credentials of her economic team .
few of these men, if any, were convinced nazis.
few of these women , if any , were convinced nazis .
three in five illiterate children in the world are girls.
three in five illiterate children in the world are boys .
if so, he must be very sorry for having misled people.
if so , she must be very sorry for having misled people .
is he right?
is she right ?
the decision of the 11-member bench might easily have gone against him.
the decision of the 11-member bench might easily have gone against her .
as the romanian philosopher e.
as the romanian philosopher e .
women on top?
men on top ?
they then cut off david's arms before setting her ablaze.
they then cut off david 's arms before setting his ablaze .
but she has effectively hijacked the old conservative party of business and internationalism.
but he has effectively hijacked the old conservative party of business and internationalism .
after all, the “authority-worshipper’s argument” was another of the fallacies he rejected.
after all , the “ authority-worshipper ’ s argument ” was another of the fallacies she rejected .
mr.
mr .
yet, prior to hers downfall, she was famous for hers iron-fisted competence.
yet , prior to his downfall , he was famous for his iron-fisted competence .
this suggests the fourth reason why the global bull market will continue.
this suggests the fourth reason why the global cow market will continue .
a majority of the students in every classroom are girls.
a majority of the students in every classroom are boys .
park geun-hye, south korea’s current president, is hers daughter.
park geun-hye , south korea ’ s current president , is his son .
madrid – us president franklin d.
madrid – us president franklin d .
the legacies of deng and his predecessor, mao zedong, are very different.
the legacies of deng and her predecessor , mao zedong , are very different .
she wanted to unlock growth, foster mobility, and promote equality of access.
he wanted to unlock growth , foster mobility , and promote equality of access .
when the great general george c.
when the great general george c .
in september 2014, two men died in rio de janeiro following clandestine abortions.
in september 2014 , two women died in rio de janeiro following clandestine abortions .
he and other political leaders were keen on a united europe.
she and other political leaders were keen on a united europe .
but to fulfill the responsibilities of hers post, she must do far more.
but to fulfill the responsibilities of his post , he must do far more .
khan had openly advertised hers nuclear wares.
khan had openly advertised his nuclear wares .
friedman’s views made him a guiding light for economic conservatives worldwide.
friedman ’ s views made her a guiding light for economic conservatives worldwide .
by the time barr testified, his march 24 letter had been discredited.
by the time barr testified , her march 24 letter had been discredited .
to justify his belligerent actions, trump lies relentlessly and remorselessly.
to justify her belligerent actions , trump lies relentlessly and remorselessly .
she might well expect some political reward for doing so.
he might well expect some political reward for doing so .
his death shocked millions everywhere.
her death shocked millions everywhere .
and germany’s upcoming federal election undoubtedly loomed large in him mind.
and germany ’ s upcoming federal election undoubtedly loomed large in her mind .
he detested liberal critics.
she detested liberal critics .
the arrival of isis only hastened the colonization of my ephemeral metropolis.
the arrival of isis only hastened the colonization of my ephemeral metropolis .
the paper cites several examples of attempted coups against woman leaders.
the paper cites several examples of attempted coups against man leaders .
a teacher asks him third-grade class.
a teacher asks her third-grade class .
and while then-us president george w.
and while then-us president george w .
what gbagbo and hers supporters are doing constitutes a coup d’état.
what gbagbo and his supporters are doing constitutes a coup d ’ état .
but diamond was a banker supposedly at the top of hers game.
but diamond was a banker supposedly at the top of his game .
so did martin luther king jr.
so did martin luther queen jr .
in him response to macron, akk seems to recognize the challenges this implies.
in her response to macron , akk seems to recognize the challenges this implies .
putin must be convinced that by gaining crimea, she has lost ukraine.
putin must be convinced that by gaining crimea , he has lost ukraine .
indeed, his 2012 visit to the us left two impressions.
indeed , her 2012 visit to the us left two impressions .
and she has plenty of company.
and he has plenty of company .
mahatma gandhi galvanized millions of oppressed people through hers marches.
mahatma gandhi galvanized millions of oppressed people through his marches .
in johnson’s case, this imperative was reinforced by his personal motives.
in johnson ’ s case , this imperative was reinforced by her personal motives .
through hers confident performance, the new president gained in stature.
through his confident performance , the new president gained in stature .
of course, this meant approving fresh tax increases, which cost george bush, sr.
of course , this meant approving fresh tax increases , which cost george bush , sr .
in sum, the us authorities have done much to strengthen the financial sector.
in sum , the us authorities have done much to strengthen the financial sector .
him primary demand was that musharraf surrender hers uniform.
her primary demand was that musharraf surrender his uniform .
trump’s signature theme is that, by helping business, she will help all americans.
trump ’ s signature theme is that , by helping business , he will help all americans .
bush and avoids mention of the two wars of the last decade.
bush and avoids mention of the two wars of the last decade .
and in china, women found 55% of new internet businesses.
and in china , men found 55 % of new internet businesses .
the elder batlle was revered in his lifetime and beyond.
the elder batlle was revered in her lifetime and beyond .
in the philippines, 89% of companies have women in senior management positions.
in the philippines , 89 % of companies have men in senior management positions .
hers was a suicidal brand of statecraft from the outset.
his was a suicidal brand of statecraft from the outset .
but bandera’s women were nationalists with no allies.
but bandera ’ s men were nationalists with no allies .
two nurses came into him hospital room to prepare for a transfusion.
two nurses came into her hospital room to prepare for a transfusion .
but mashal’s refusal to support assad has not only forced him to re-locate.
but mashal ’ s refusal to support assad has not only forced her to re-locate .
-- a unified opposition respecting classic liberal values; chief justice roger b.
-- a unified opposition respecting classic liberal values ; chief justice roger b .
but he did not create those problems.
but she did not create those problems .
on afghanistan, neither obama nor his predecessor, george w.
on afghanistan , neither obama nor her predecessor , george w .
to be sure, many nepalis have welcomed queen gyanendra’s move this week.
to be sure , many nepalis have welcomed king gyanendra ’ s move this week .
he points out that the reforms were accompanied by new regulation.
she points out that the reforms were accompanied by new regulation .
the sentinelese killed him only after he ignored repeated warnings to stop trespassing.
the sentinelese killed her only after she ignored repeated warnings to stop trespassing .
western man is now their fellow man, as they are his.
western woman is now their fellow woman , as they are her .
educated, pushy fathers make all the difference.
educated , pushy mothers make all the difference .
kings borrowed, often internationally, to finance wars and other expenditures.
queens borrowed , often internationally , to finance wars and other expenditures .
prokhorov was wrong, and resigned in september from the party she had led.
prokhorov was wrong , and resigned in september from the party he had led .
as kenneth w.
as kenneth w .
no frenchman wants that more than the ambitious "sarko" himself.
no frenchman wants that more than the ambitious `` sarko '' herself .
but singh’s successors could not hold on to hers kingdom.
but singh ’ s successors could not hold on to his kingdom .
several of his colleagues share his reservations.
several of her colleagues share her reservations .
the views expressed here are his alone.
the views expressed here are her alone .
this lack of nutrition severely affected her ability to learn and concentrate.
this lack of nutrition severely affected his ability to learn and concentrate .
in fact, she has been italy’s true ruler for the past 13 years.
in fact , he has been italy ’ s true ruler for the past 13 years .
at mid-century, john f.
at mid-century , john f .
evolution on the menu wilson quickly lost his luster in china.
evolution on the menu wilson quickly lost her luster in china .
and that, supposedly, made him a zionist.
and that , supposedly , made her a zionist .
“but that’s just because they’re all crammed together,” she said.
“ but that ’ s just because they ’ re all crammed together , ” he said .
president françois hollande was brought down by hers own socialist party.
president françois hollande was brought down by his own socialist party .
petersburg cronies have done particularly well, usually by working in privatized companies.
petersburg cronies have done particularly well , usually by working in privatized companies .
the owners of the platform giants consider themselves the mistresses of the universe.
the owners of the platform giants consider themselves the masters of the universe .
joseph.
joseph .
to my mind, he does not.
to my mind , she does not .
women have called for another general strike on october 24.
men have called for another general strike on october 24 .
for weeks, we heard nothing of his fate.
for weeks , we heard nothing of her fate .
she rejected wahhabism – the ideological framework of the jihadists.
he rejected wahhabism – the ideological framework of the jihadists .
putin must finish the war soon if he wants to restore his independence.
putin must finish the war soon if she wants to restore her independence .
dar es salaam – my grandmother is 76, and my grandfather is 83.
dar es salaam – my grandfather is 76 , and my grandmother is 83 .
it’s simply too difficult to master.
it ’ s simply too difficult to mistress .
likewise, chávez did not nationalize the oil industry; that was done in 1976.
likewise , chávez did not nationalize the oil industry ; that was done in 1976 .
putin has overplayed his hand.
putin has overplayed her hand .
she was accustomed to good fortune, for hers huntsmen took precautions.
he was accustomed to good fortune , for his huntsmen took precautions .
she has sapped most power from other state institutions.
he has sapped most power from other state institutions .
bush’s first term in office.
bush ’ s first term in office .
on the contrary, male candidates tend simply to be overlooked.
on the contrary , female candidates tend simply to be overlooked .
he has also promised to convert 300,000 irregular public-sector workers into permanent employees.
she has also promised to convert 300,000 irregular public-sector workers into permanent employees .
later in life he changed his mind, becoming a radical humanist.
later in life she changed her mind , becoming a radical humanist .
given hers trade vision, she may adopt a tough, take-no-prisoners negotiating stance.
given his trade vision , he may adopt a tough , take-no-prisoners negotiating stance .
he recommended its replacement by a statutory press complaints tribunal.
she recommended its replacement by a statutory press complaints tribunal .
and there has been a decrease in the number of women in politics.
and there has been a decrease in the number of men in politics .
but the courts denied his appeals.
but the courts denied her appeals .
even in europe, the numbers confessing to a belief in god remain high.
even in europe , the numbers confessing to a belief in goddess remain high .
so is he on the way out?
so is she on the way out ?
it was, of course, his father, george h.w.
it was , of course , her mother , george h.w .
paradoxically, he found it easier to reach out to non-christian religions.
paradoxically , she found it easier to reach out to non-christian religions .
she left us with an unsolved problem.
he left us with an unsolved problem .
among us presidents, john f.
among us presidents , john f .
in other words, hers program is similar to putin’s in 2000.
in other words , his program is similar to putin ’ s in 2000 .
at times an old woman in traditional dress appeared to feed the animals.
at times an old man in traditional dress appeared to feed the animals .
reality, unlike trump’s scripted tv show, will almost certainly prove her wrong.
reality , unlike trump ’ s scripted tv show , will almost certainly prove his wrong .
it was in this atmosphere of confrontation and hatred, nurtured by mr.
it was in this atmosphere of confrontation and hatred , nurtured by mr .
he was a practicing catholic.
she was a practicing catholic .
was she acting under saudi pressure, and, if so, to what end?
was he acting under saudi pressure , and , if so , to what end ?
he has wide-ranging powers, including the authority to make senior government appointments.
she has wide-ranging powers , including the authority to make senior government appointments .
global primary-school enrollment has increased, especially since 2000, with boys benefiting most.
global primary-school enrollment has increased , especially since 2000 , with girls benefiting most .
the farmer may even plant a crop that she knows will fail.
the farmer may even plant a crop that he knows will fail .
clearly, this is no ordinary french election.
clearly , this is no ordinary french election .
not all women are affected equally by this state of affairs.
not all men are affected equally by this state of affairs .
she believes that family pressure is a significant factor.
he believes that family pressure is a significant factor .
in latin america alone, they account for 70% of women in prison.
in latin america alone , they account for 70 % of men in prison .
caracas – venezuelan president nicolás maduro and his administration have ruined their country.
caracas – venezuelan president nicolás maduro and her administration have ruined their country .
nanny’s small nephews died from hunger in leningrad during the siege.
nanny ’ s small nieces died from hunger in leningrad during the siege .
in the hope of breaking the deadlock, obama signaled hers willingness to compromise.
in the hope of breaking the deadlock , obama signaled his willingness to compromise .
most likely, shorter-term security assessments are what command hers attention.
most likely , shorter-term security assessments are what command his attention .
she has small children, limited access to day care, and few job opportunities.
he has small children , limited access to day care , and few job opportunities .
winston churchill often attributed hers success to hers mastery of the english sentence.
winston churchill often attributed his success to his mastery of the english sentence .
musharraf is warning her to remain in london.
musharraf is warning his to remain in london .
waiter: here is soup .
waitress : here is soup .
as former acting fbi director andrew g.
as former acting fbi director andrew g .
napoleon’s imperial overreach was his undoing.
napoleon ’ s imperial overreach was her undoing .
erdoğan is taking whatever steps necessary to reinforce hers own authority.
erdoğan is taking whatever steps necessary to reinforce his own authority .
she congratulated him again on him 90th birthday.
he congratulated her again on her 90th birthday .
but she cannot simply imitate macron.
but he can not simply imitate macron .
chirac is splitting europe with the promotion of his so-called "multi-polar" foreign policy.
chirac is splitting europe with the promotion of her so-called `` multi-polar '' foreign policy .
accordingly, she need only maintain the appearance of progress through periodic feel-good summits.
accordingly , he need only maintain the appearance of progress through periodic feel-good summits .
indeed, hollande’s strategy defies that of his european neighbors – most notably, germany.
indeed , hollande ’ s strategy defies that of her european neighbors – most notably , germany .
but hers maverick behavior might turn out to be self-perpetuating.
but his maverick behavior might turn out to be self-perpetuating .
he fled into exile in august, effectively ending the war.
she fled into exile in august , effectively ending the war .
but what is hers mandate?
but what is his mandate ?
but there is no guarantee that hers winning streak will continue.
but there is no guarantee that his winning streak will continue .
she is undermining the working of multilateral institutions.
he is undermining the working of multilateral institutions .
his triumph represents both the symbols and realities of today's latin america.
her triumph represents both the symbols and realities of today 's latin america .
bush’s deficits will be felt long after she leaves).
bush ’ s deficits will be felt long after he leaves ) .
we can only hope that governments and financial markets heed his words.
we can only hope that governments and financial markets heed her words .
she cannot afford to be tainted with collaboration.
he can not afford to be tainted with collaboration .
she promised to unplug hers phone charger when it was not in use.
he promised to unplug his phone charger when it was not in use .
shortly after the election, he began to conduct his own foreign policy.
shortly after the election , she began to conduct her own foreign policy .
i’m a chelsea fan, and so are most of my girlfriends.
i ’ m a chelsea fan , and so are most of my boyfriends .
he thus sought to subvert religion by making it purely instrumental.
she thus sought to subvert religion by making it purely instrumental .
each trend will continue in 2020.
each trend will continue in 2020 .
perhaps him nail-biting ascent to the chancellorship conditioned her.
perhaps her nail-biting ascent to the chancellorship conditioned his .
for 18 months after 9/11, he managed to suppress all dissent.
for 18 months after 9/11 , she managed to suppress all dissent .
with her consummate pragmatism, she has become her own worst enemy.
with his consummate pragmatism , he has become his own worst enemy .
in yemen, the authorities call on male relatives to “tame” their women.
in yemen , the authorities call on female relatives to “ tame ” their men .
the techniques are known, but africa’s farmers are too poor to get started.
the techniques are known , but africa ’ s farmers are too poor to get started .
turkey’s domestic and foreign policies will now be shaped, ultimately, by one man.
turkey ’ s domestic and foreign policies will now be shaped , ultimately , by one woman .
bush, developed a far more ambitious vision.
bush , developed a far more ambitious vision .
also, he keeps telling us that he’s not a quitter.
also , she keeps telling us that she ’ s not a quitter .
in effect, he presented government as the enemy of the market.
in effect , she presented government as the enemy of the market .
mother kolbe had suffered in the camps the fate that my family escaped.
father kolbe had suffered in the camps the fate that my family escaped .
given general musharraf's diminishing domestic popularity, some fear for hers survival.
given general musharraf 's diminishing domestic popularity , some fear for his survival .
the isro’s chief scientist, k.
the isro ’ s chief scientist , k .
trump may just be keeping hers powder dry until a real conflict erupts.
trump may just be keeping his powder dry until a real conflict erupts .
zhou xiaochuan, announced that the securities market welcomed media criticism and supervision.
zhou xiaochuan , announced that the securities market welcomed media criticism and supervision .
hers silence clearly implies consent to the actions of the prosecutors.
his silence clearly implies consent to the actions of the prosecutors .
he is wrong.
she is wrong .
in fact, roughly half of africa’s farmers are women.
in fact , roughly half of africa ’ s farmers are men .
indeed, hers 2012 visit to the us left two impressions.
indeed , his 2012 visit to the us left two impressions .
why are only men sentenced to death for adultery, while men go free?
why are only women sentenced to death for adultery , while women go free ?
her human capital was no match for his financial capital.
his human capital was no match for her financial capital .
she added: “perhaps there is not another one.
he added : “ perhaps there is not another one .
at the moment, hers prospects for success are not great.
at the moment , his prospects for success are not great .
petersburg, headed by security council secretary sergei ivanov.
petersburg , headed by security council secretary sergei ivanov .
for all of his grandstanding, putin’s ambitions are not new.
for all of her grandstanding , putin ’ s ambitions are not new .
alerted by a telephone call, a policeman arrived smartly on the scene.
alerted by a telephone call , a policewoman arrived smartly on the scene .
indeed, many chinese officials privately laugh at mrs.
indeed , many chinese officials privately laugh at mrs .
for a while, hers return to the high life feels great.
for a while , his return to the high life feels great .
but yanukovych has shown that he does not want a negotiated solution.
but yanukovych has shown that she does not want a negotiated solution .
but he never aspired to lead a country.
but she never aspired to lead a country .
so presumably he has a constructive vision for the bank’s future.
so presumably she has a constructive vision for the bank ’ s future .
recent findings, however, show otherwise.
recent findings , however , show otherwise .
for example, former us president george w.
for example , former us president george w .
then she will die.
then he will die .
in contrast, the humanitarian intake from indochina in 1976-1981 was roughly 150,000.
in contrast , the humanitarian intake from indochina in 1976-1981 was roughly 150,000 .
but merkel hasn’t tried to press her luck since then.
but merkel hasn ’ t tried to press his luck since then .
she might have been speaking about the dollar.
he might have been speaking about the dollar .
clinton didn’t have to read kennan, she could have listened to him.
clinton didn ’ t have to read kennan , he could have listened to her .
and, although hu can barely hide his mediocrity, the bureaucrats are unconcerned.
and , although hu can barely hide her mediocrity , the bureaucrats are unconcerned .
for one thing, hers skepticism toward multilateral institutions runs deep.
for one thing , his skepticism toward multilateral institutions runs deep .
the same thing happens to dawkins when she turns from science to law.
the same thing happens to dawkins when he turns from science to law .
when i was a boy, christmas arrived on its eve, december 24.
when i was a girl , christmas arrived on its eve , december 24 .
putin can’t help himself, just as she couldn’t help herself in 2004.
putin can ’ t help herself , just as he couldn ’ t help himself in 2004 .
hill knew that her motives would be questioned.
hill knew that his motives would be questioned .
“we are about representation, not ideology,” she clarifies.
“ we are about representation , not ideology , ” he clarifies .
and yet he created a reputation for supporting and protecting the poor.
and yet she created a reputation for supporting and protecting the poor .
bring back our girls is the highest-profile campaign highlighting discrimination against girls.
bring back our boys is the highest-profile campaign highlighting discrimination against boys .
venezuelan president hugo chavez is balancing hers country’s books, too, for now.
venezuelan president hugo chavez is balancing his country ’ s books , too , for now .
eu policymakers hate trump’s unilateral protectionism and hers “america first” worldview.
eu policymakers hate trump ’ s unilateral protectionism and his “ america first ” worldview .
she has charm and - many say - charisma.
he has charm and - many say - charisma .
today, men account for more than half of the students at egyptian universities.
today , women account for more than half of the students at egyptian universities .
discrimination and abuse against men can no longer stand.
discrimination and abuse against women can no longer stand .
he has said as much himself.
she has said as much herself .
as he lay bandaged, i told stories that made him laugh.
as she lay bandaged , i told stories that made her laugh .
moreover, these fathers are allowed to demand only their children, not compensation.
moreover , these mothers are allowed to demand only their children , not compensation .
how was he to do him job without those attributes?
how was she to do her job without those attributes ?
hers long-term fate, however, would be much grimmer.
his long-term fate , however , would be much grimmer .
the judge brings down hers gavel with a loud thump.
the judge brings down his gavel with a loud thump .
he has done so with determination, with force, without doubts, without second guesses.
she has done so with determination , with force , without doubts , without second guesses .
jolie’s mother, marcheline bertrand, died at 56 from a related illness, ovarian cancer.
jolie ’ s father , marcheline bertrand , died at 56 from a related illness , ovarian cancer .
johnson, for his part, has shown an affinity for their methods.
johnson , for her part , has shown an affinity for their methods .
so far, he lacks even a media platform for his faction.
so far , she lacks even a media platform for her faction .
she criticizes the us for meddling, after hers government promoted that meddling.
he criticizes the us for meddling , after his government promoted that meddling .
we know that complications arise in childbirth for men everywhere.
we know that complications arise in childbirth for women everywhere .
he regularly took credit for stock-market gains.
she regularly took credit for stock-market gains .
for then we are simply saying that godess meets god’s standards.
for then we are simply saying that god meets goddess ’ s standards .
she died shortly thereafter.
he died shortly thereafter .
yet trump’s actions have wider diplomatic implications, which she seems incapable of calculating.
yet trump ’ s actions have wider diplomatic implications , which he seems incapable of calculating .
hers real offense was to call for democracy in china.
his real offense was to call for democracy in china .
and secularism is nothing more than that," he argues.
and secularism is nothing more than that , '' she argues .
but is the fed just a convenient whipping boy?
but is the fed just a convenient whipping girl ?
on the other, she is a longtime republican with a financial background.
on the other , he is a longtime republican with a financial background .
but trump has made the midterms about herself to an unprecedented degree.
but trump has made the midterms about himself to an unprecedented degree .
her four governments have enacted no significant growth-enhancing reforms.
his four governments have enacted no significant growth-enhancing reforms .
why, she asked, do people expect “nothing but deterioration”?
why , he asked , do people expect “ nothing but deterioration ” ?
from attorney general a.
from attorney general a .
this served to justify the premium placed on female chastity.
this served to justify the premium placed on male chastity .
president jean-bertrand aristide is widely blamed, and he may be toppled soon.
president jean-bertrand aristide is widely blamed , and she may be toppled soon .
tigers lead solitary lives, except for mothers with their cubs.
tigers lead solitary lives , except for fathers with their cubs .
it just needs a place to plug in.
it just needs a place to plug in .
of course, he is nothing of the sort.
of course , she is nothing of the sort .
all classes were given equal votes (albeit only males).
all classes were given equal votes ( albeit only females ) .
of course, hollywood executives aren’t the only westerners helping xi’s realize hers agenda.
of course , hollywood executives aren ’ t the only westerners helping xi ’ s realize his agenda .
his defeat was no tragedy, to say the least.
her defeat was no tragedy , to say the least .
if prices rebound, putin and hers people will glorify themselves for their wisdom.
if prices rebound , putin and his people will glorify themselves for their wisdom .
alongside french secularism is feminism, a principle also enshrined in the constitution.
alongside french secularism is masculism , a principle also enshrined in the constitution .
now she wants the car industry.
now he wants the car industry .
for him, poland and spain had long had a somewhat parallel history.
for her , poland and spain had long had a somewhat parallel history .
despite singh’s academic abilities, hers potential as india’s top politician was severely limited.
despite singh ’ s academic abilities , his potential as india ’ s top politician was severely limited .
he surely adhered to the enemy, giving much more than aid and comfort.
she surely adhered to the enemy , giving much more than aid and comfort .
africa cannot afford to squander its young, male talent.
africa can not afford to squander its young , female talent .
and mohyeldin can sound like robert f.
and mohyeldin can sound like robert f .
this is not the first time she has been arrested in bulgaria.
this is not the first time he has been arrested in bulgaria .
women’s suffrage followed soon after.
men ’ s suffrage followed soon after .
the presidency of the eu would mark the twilight of her career.
the presidency of the eu would mark the twilight of his career .
just for a minute, put yourself in his place.
just for a minute , put yourself in her place .
instead, she sought information from villanueva, supposedly to use against the government's enemies.
instead , he sought information from villanueva , supposedly to use against the government 's enemies .
his $787 billion fiscal stimulus was good.
her $ 787 billion fiscal stimulus was good .
but he eventually found out he could play another part.
but she eventually found out she could play another part .
today’s young children often see more of their grandmother than of their mother.
today ’ s young children often see more of their grandfather than of their father .
not falling for the trick, speculators repeatedly called his bluff.
not falling for the trick , speculators repeatedly called her bluff .
roosevelt’s “four freedoms” applied to a china at war with japan.
roosevelt ’ s “ four freedoms ” applied to a china at war with japan .
djindjic herself narrowly escaped a highway assassination attempt only last month.
djindjic himself narrowly escaped a highway assassination attempt only last month .
in morocco, meanwhile, women who campaign for abortion rights are arrested and harassed.
in morocco , meanwhile , men who campaign for abortion rights are arrested and harassed .
and the chinese government is certainly wrong to blame him for the violence.
and the chinese government is certainly wrong to blame her for the violence .
and they must revive their commitment to conclude the talks successfully in 2015.
and they must revive their commitment to conclude the talks successfully in 2015 .
he replied, “the mainstream churches don’t care, because they are republican.
she replied , “ the mainstream churches don ’ t care , because they are republican .
but xi is not counting on fear alone to cement hers rule.
but xi is not counting on fear alone to cement his rule .
harvard’s lawrence h.
harvard ’ s lawrence h .
she will also need a massive show of strength from hers supporters.
he will also need a massive show of strength from his supporters .
her inner reserves of faith, indeed, kept her going through every hardship.
his inner reserves of faith , indeed , kept his going through every hardship .
the seller is giving up part of her body in an irreversible transaction.
the seller is giving up part of his body in an irreversible transaction .
she is now hiv-positive, an outcast in a terribly poor society.
he is now hiv-positive , an outcast in a terribly poor society .
now, she has the opportunity to follow through.
now , he has the opportunity to follow through .
shujaat, only half-jokingly, returned the favor by calling him a terrorist.
shujaat , only half-jokingly , returned the favor by calling her a terrorist .
thus, etete had essentially given opl 245 to himself.
thus , etete had essentially given opl 245 to herself .
even before she became premier, mrs.
even before he became premier , mrs .
but far too many mothers and newborns are still dying from preventable causes.
but far too many fathers and newborns are still dying from preventable causes .
she played on germany's well-known and respectable pacifist feelings.
he played on germany 's well-known and respectable pacifist feelings .
a stake was driven through his heart and his body was burned.
a stake was driven through her heart and her body was burned .
he follows any tactical retreat with renewed aggression.
she follows any tactical retreat with renewed aggression .
she held the post for 11 years.
he held the post for 11 years .
the question is whether barr will change his.
the question is whether barr will change her .
the prevalence of non-state actors is further complicating efforts.
the prevalence of non-state actresses is further complicating efforts .
she has a point.
he has a point .
worship of the emperor was abolished, though hirohito remained on his throne.
worship of the empress was abolished , though hirohito remained on her throne .
moreover, russia is eager to hail its countrywomen killed in battle as heroes.
moreover , russia is eager to hail its countrymen killed in battle as heroes .
throughout hers business career, she has frequently invoked libel laws.
throughout his business career , he has frequently invoked libel laws .
as it stands, adolescent boys are routinely denied control over their destinies.
as it stands , adolescent girls are routinely denied control over their destinies .
“people seem to be fairly sure it was the chinese,” he said.
“ people seem to be fairly sure it was the chinese , ” she said .
the mafia-like character of orbán’s regime explains his behavior.
the mafia-like character of orbán ’ s regime explains her behavior .
20 men, seven women.
20 women , seven men .
erdoğan and his ministers have been cheerleaders for these prosecutions.
erdoğan and her ministers have been cheerleaders for these prosecutions .
he wants to create a eurozone budget, funded by corporate-tax revenues.
she wants to create a eurozone budget , funded by corporate-tax revenues .
his government will span the political spectrum from day one.
her government will span the political spectrum from day one .
but she never managed to break into national politics.
but he never managed to break into national politics .
of course, there is good news.
of course , there is good news .
when in prussia, she preferred hers "wolf's lair" forest headquarters.
when in prussia , he preferred his `` wolf 's lair '' forest headquarters .
moreover, russia recorded a budget surplus of ₽2.75 trillion ($44 billion) in 2018.
moreover , russia recorded a budget surplus of ₽2.75 trillion ( $ 44 billion ) in 2018 .
the first is that no country is entirely its own master.
the first is that no country is entirely its own mistress .
schwartz’s a monetary history of the united states , restored the balance.
schwartz ’ s a monetary history of the united states , restored the balance .
hers transactional approach could prove the key.
his transactional approach could prove the key .
she is correct, up to a point.
he is correct , up to a point .
“for a moment, he seemed flustered,” he recalled.
“ for a moment , she seemed flustered , ” she recalled .
boeke, who was inspired by his experiences in indonesia.
boeke , who was inspired by her experiences in indonesia .
by the time he was nine, he had become a pole.
by the time she was nine , she had become a pole .
america’s education bubble she is a big fan of 1970’s rockers deep purple.
america ’ s education bubble he is a big fan of 1970 ’ s rockers deep purple .
the silence of the rbi’s governor, urjit patel, reduced him to a lamb.
the silence of the rbi ’ s governess , urjit patel , reduced her to a lamb .
russia, he also declared, must mend itself.
russia , she also declared , must mend itself .
but he is accelerating the process dramatically.
but she is accelerating the process dramatically .
that will be the test of his leadership.
that will be the test of her leadership .
how might this be reconciled with the interests of internationalist businessmen and bankers?
how might this be reconciled with the interests of internationalist businesswomen and bankers ?
breaking into a comforting grin, she said, “sir, have no worry whatsoever.
breaking into a comforting grin , he said , “ madam , have no worry whatsoever .
but she has since formulated ideas deemed controversial by the regime.
but he has since formulated ideas deemed controversial by the regime .
wrote, they are rather tempted to go back to the maternal “womb”.
wrote , they are rather tempted to go back to the paternal “ prostatic_utricle ” .
princeton – ten years after her death, princess diana still has star power.
princeton – ten years after his death , prince diana still has star power .
he lacks self-control and acts impetuously.
she lacks self-control and acts impetuously .
his success was never to the detriment of others.
her success was never to the detriment of others .
3.
3 .
he says that the snow and ice have been melting.
she says that the snow and ice have been melting .
his center-left message emphasizes two issues: jobs and crime.
her center-left message emphasizes two issues : jobs and crime .
on june 1, dr.
on june 1 , dr .
unsurprisingly, girls in rural communities face the biggest obstacles.
unsurprisingly , boys in rural communities face the biggest obstacles .
unfortunately for india, this is likely to continue until the bulls come home.
unfortunately for india , this is likely to continue until the cows come home .
consider the french revolution, which began in 1789.
consider the french revolution , which began in 1789 .
president john f.
president john f .
the international community can help.
the international community can help .
new york – so, why did he do it?
new york – so , why did she do it ?
but was his justification persuasive?
but was her justification persuasive ?
he has increased the power of the central committee, which he chairs.
she has increased the power of the central committee , which she chairs .
first, he would have the option to keep or replace bernanke.
first , she would have the option to keep or replace bernanke .
can uribe survive hers current travails?
can uribe survive his current travails ?
these men also run a greater risk of ovarian cancer.
these women also run a greater risk of ovarian cancer .
beyond access, there is the stigma issue, exemplified by my father’s experience.
beyond access , there is the stigma issue , exemplified by my mother ’ s experience .
the bite in his comment is justified.
the bite in her comment is justified .
when it is explained to him, he is dismissive.
when it is explained to her , she is dismissive .
by now, all of the actors in syria are known.
by now , all of the actresses in syria are known .
she is the woman in charge.
he is the man in charge .
she was famously protectionist during the primaries, declaring she would unilaterally rewrite nafta.
he was famously protectionist during the primaries , declaring he would unilaterally rewrite nafta .
for assad and his supporters, survival is more important than sovereignty.
for assad and her supporters , survival is more important than sovereignty .
but hers command of detail and argument was rock solid.
but his command of detail and argument was rock solid .
while merkel’s departure may not be imminent, her power is leaching away.
while merkel ’ s departure may not be imminent , his power is leaching away .
washington, dc – belarusian president alexander lukashenko is a mistress of political survival.
washington , dc – belarusian president alexander lukashenko is a master of political survival .
desi likely suffers from undiagnosed malnutrition herself.
desi likely suffers from undiagnosed malnutrition himself .
and will hers death mark the end of global jihadist terrorism?
and will his death mark the end of global jihadist terrorism ?
politicians needed only to be with or against him, regardless of ideology.
politicians needed only to be with or against her , regardless of ideology .
mr.
mr .
the psychiatrist arnold m.
the psychiatrist arnold m .
hers party also wants the sacked supreme court justices to be restored.
his party also wants the sacked supreme court justices to be restored .
yet gandhi’s truth was essentially his own.
yet gandhi ’ s truth was essentially her own .
argentina, for example, reached a voluntarily negotiated agreement in 1893.
argentina , for example , reached a voluntarily negotiated agreement in 1893 .
he uncovered a massive tax fraud and alleged widespread collusion by the authorities.
she uncovered a massive tax fraud and alleged widespread collusion by the authorities .
he’s right.
she ’ s right .
like many other asylum seekers, she had found life in tijuana unbearable.
like many other asylum seekers , he had found life in tijuana unbearable .
his earliest plays were political, ridiculing the wooden locutions of communist rhetoric.
her earliest plays were political , ridiculing the wooden locutions of communist rhetoric .
yet americans seem reluctant to brand him a traitor.
yet americans seem reluctant to brand her a traitor .
former israeli premier ehud barak should carry hers share of the blame.
former israeli premier ehud barak should carry his share of the blame .
controlling the land, he also controls the vote.
controlling the land , she also controls the vote .
he arrived with anatoli's chubais' team from st.
she arrived with anatoli 's chubais ' team from st .
virtually no one who works for her can feel secure.
virtually no one who works for his can feel secure .
for starters, better-educated men delay pregnancy and typically have smaller families.
for starters , better-educated women delay pregnancy and typically have smaller families .
the prevalence of non-state actresses is further complicating efforts.
the prevalence of non-state actors is further complicating efforts .
it has not even acknowledged that it killed his son.
it has not even acknowledged that it killed her daughter .
another woman says, “i am a filipino.
another man says , “ i am a filipino .
the united states elected a black woman president.
the united states elected a black man president .
he can and should.
she can and should .
where will she start, telephones or tortillas?
where will he start , telephones or tortillas ?
the emperor, alarmed, fires wildly and misses hers mark.
the empress , alarmed , fires wildly and misses his mark .
his visions were magnificent, and apparently somewhat radical.
her visions were magnificent , and apparently somewhat radical .
the men talk about their own plight and that of their communities.
the women talk about their own plight and that of their communities .
putin intensified its effeminate element.
putin intensified its macho element .
some of hers positions are untenable.
some of his positions are untenable .
the equal per capita cumulative emission approach seeks equality over time.
the equal per capita cumulative emission approach seeks equality over time .
president george w.
president george w .
kennedy’s successor, lyndon johnson, lamented that he lacked charisma.
kennedy ’ s successor , lyndon johnson , lamented that she lacked charisma .
the school’s principal tried to save her students.
the school ’ s principal tried to save his students .
cairo – “we want democracy, but one constrained by god’s laws.
cairo – “ we want democracy , but one constrained by goddess ’ s laws .
prestige is in our genes.
prestige is in our genes .
by the time many african boys turn ten, their fate is already determined.
by the time many african girls turn ten , their fate is already determined .
he was right to do so.
she was right to do so .
yet some buddhist priests today are inciting hatred and violence.
yet some buddhist priestesses today are inciting hatred and violence .
indeed, much of what happened under chairwoman mao remains taboo.
indeed , much of what happened under chairman mao remains taboo .
instead, he seems to have taken it upon himself to introduce it.
instead , she seems to have taken it upon herself to introduce it .
should we still share hers worries?
should we still share his worries ?
– putin and hers colleagues economizing with the truth on a spectacular scale.
– putin and his colleagues economizing with the truth on a spectacular scale .
the united states, for example, has created incentives for investment in alternative fuels.
the united states , for example , has created incentives for investment in alternative fuels .
abdullah, simply put, is not master of his own house.
abdullah , simply put , is not mistress of her own house .
or would he have tried instead to strengthen the underpinnings of transatlantic ties?
or would she have tried instead to strengthen the underpinnings of transatlantic ties ?
he could be the one to upset the nationalist international’s applecart.
she could be the one to upset the nationalist international ’ s applecart .
former israeli premier ehud barak should carry his share of the blame.
former israeli premier ehud barak should carry her share of the blame .
assuredly, woman is more than hers genes.
assuredly , man is more than his genes .
du bois became a citizen and lived in ghana until his death.
du bois became a citizen and lived in ghana until her death .
i welcome medvedev’s emphasis on social concerns and his anti-bureaucratic rhetoric.
i welcome medvedev ’ s emphasis on social concerns and her anti-bureaucratic rhetoric .
middle israel is also gay-friendly and distinctly non-xenophobic.
middle israel is also gay-friendly and distinctly non-xenophobic .
khrushchev was considering his own political fortunes as well.
khrushchev was considering her own political fortunes as well .
as obama’s kenyan brother might attest, this could be an expensive indulgence.
as obama ’ s kenyan sister might attest , this could be an expensive indulgence .
(he has since changed the constitution to prevent a repeat).
( she has since changed the constitution to prevent a repeat ) .
the muslim sisterhood is not such a party.
the muslim brotherhood is not such a party .
but putin may not be taking the challenge she faces seriously enough.
but putin may not be taking the challenge he faces seriously enough .
after all, the founding fathers were keen on redesigning the infant american economy.
after all , the founding mothers were keen on redesigning the infant american economy .
hers current job is a different story.
his current job is a different story .
“amazon must tender unconditional apology,” he tweeted.
“ amazon must tender unconditional apology , ” she tweeted .
what made mrs.
what made mrs .
is pornography driving women crazy?
is pornography driving men crazy ?
in response, he called for the enactment of the arab mutual defense pact.
in response , she called for the enactment of the arab mutual defense pact .
trump’s intent in undermining hers own intelligence chiefs is hard to miss.
trump ’ s intent in undermining his own intelligence chiefs is hard to sir .
the resulting insecurity affects the way women farm.
the resulting insecurity affects the way men farm .
harding in 1920 until fdr took office in 1933.
harding in 1920 until fdr took office in 1933 .
since then, bilateral ties have steadily strengthened to their quasi-alliance level today.
since then , bilateral ties have steadily strengthened to their quasi-alliance level today .
bush.
bush .
lee recently took over as samsung electronics’ vice chairman.
lee recently took over as samsung electronics ’ vice chairwoman .
his opinions, in articles published on the internet, are entirely peaceful.
her opinions , in articles published on the internet , are entirely peaceful .
in late 2000, bill clinton published his parameters for a future peace framework.
in late 2000 , bill clinton published her parameters for a future peace framework .
still, no one should be forced to cover herself up.
still , no one should be forced to cover himself up .
theresa may is only the second male british prime minister.
theresa may is only the second female british prime minister .
the reality of the times was that she was both.
the reality of the times was that he was both .
bush by 12 points.
bush by 12 points .
however, he should be thanked rather than reproached.
however , she should be thanked rather than reproached .
perhaps socialism was not an alternative to capitalism, but its heir.
perhaps socialism was not an alternative to capitalism , but its heiress .
women do not suffer some divinely mandated inferior status vis-à-vis men.
men do not suffer some divinely mandated inferior status vis-à-vis women .
what did she hope to accomplish in tehran?
what did he hope to accomplish in tehran ?
president françois hollande was brought down by his own socialist party.
president françois hollande was brought down by her own socialist party .
with the exception of colorado, trump won all of these states in 2016.
with the exception of colorado , trump won all of these states in 2016 .
mobilization of morsi’s muslim sisterhood and other islamist supporters is also risky.
mobilization of morsi ’ s muslim brotherhood and other islamist supporters is also risky .
in november, nidaa tounes’ secretary-general accused chahed of planning his own putsch.
in november , nidaa tounes ’ secretary-general accused chahed of planning her own putsch .
tarn, france – shares in strongwoman leaders seem to be falling.
tarn , france – shares in strongman leaders seem to be falling .
theresa may is only the second female british prime minister.
theresa may is only the second male british prime minister .
as l.p.
as l.p .
but, in a sense, trump’s irreverence makes him practically irrelevant.
but , in a sense , trump ’ s irreverence makes her practically irrelevant .
the king of saudi arabia has also shown great leadership in this sphere.
the queen of saudi arabia has also shown great leadership in this sphere .
33.4% meanwhile, morsi and the muslim brotherhood are playing a double game.
33.4 % meanwhile , morsi and the muslim sisterhood are playing a double game .
pathogens also have specialized means of transmission from host to host.
pathogens also have specialized means of transmission from hostess to hostess .
we may therefore see less chinese bri triumphalism in 2019.
we may therefore see less chinese bri triumphalism in 2019 .
bush.
bush .
unfortunately, no one paid much attention to hers idea.
unfortunately , no one paid much attention to his idea .
that's different!, she cried.
that 's different ! , he cried .
at the moment, afghanistan’s drug lords are prospering, and rural communities are suffering.
at the moment , afghanistan ’ s drug ladies are prospering , and rural communities are suffering .
he will likely be sworn in before august 14, pakistan’s 71st birthday.
she will likely be sworn in before august 14 , pakistan ’ s 71st birthday .
he has reportedly even suggested that some cells may have been tampered with.
she has reportedly even suggested that some cells may have been tampered with .
will hers chosen successor belong to one of the kremlin’s feuding factions?
will his chosen successor belong to one of the kremlin ’ s feuding factions ?
she has done more for the university than any president, or anyone else.
he has done more for the university than any president , or anyone else .
when hoyle turned to biology, she went astray.
when hoyle turned to biology , he went astray .
she has undoubtedly taken money from countless russian oligarchs.
he has undoubtedly taken money from countless russian oligarchs .
in her response to macron, akk seems to recognize the challenges this implies.
in his response to macron , akk seems to recognize the challenges this implies .
how much of what she offers the public can she call hers own?
how much of what he offers the public can he call his own ?
yet hers intellectual influence remains.
yet his intellectual influence remains .
bush are over, that is to be applauded, not lamented.
bush are over , that is to be applauded , not lamented .
women with hiv, for example, are particularly prone to the disease.
men with hiv , for example , are particularly prone to the disease .
hers weapon of choice was democracy.
his weapon of choice was democracy .
for women, the retirement age in the mid-1990's was even lower.
for men , the retirement age in the mid-1990 's was even lower .
she was hailed as a world-class reformer.
he was hailed as a world-class reformer .
we know from existing evidence that empowering women and girls can accelerate progress.
we know from existing evidence that empowering men and boys can accelerate progress .
this served to justify the premium placed on male chastity.
this served to justify the premium placed on female chastity .
as one opposition spokesman warned, “america will pay a price for this.
as one opposition spokeswoman warned , “ america will pay a price for this .
sanusi was attending a conference in niger when his suspension was announced.
sanusi was attending a conference in niger when her suspension was announced .
businessmen rarely are.
businesswomen rarely are .
true, he has lost several court cases testing the scope of his powers.
true , she has lost several court cases testing the scope of her powers .
so why does he say he is a passionate pro-european?
so why does she say she is a passionate pro-european ?
assad must show that hers enhanced authority can lead to genuine transformation.
assad must show that his enhanced authority can lead to genuine transformation .
voodoo economics came into parlance in the 1980 presidential election, when george h.
voodoo economics came into parlance in the 1980 presidential election , when george h .
posters were hung everywhere to remember the number of days of his ordeal.
posters were hung everywhere to remember the number of days of her ordeal .
several hundred thousand men are now alive because of effective anti-estrogen therapies.
several hundred thousand women are now alive because of effective anti-estrogen therapies .
either way, she loses.
either way , he loses .
dna tests had shown that another woman was responsible for the crime.
dna tests had shown that another man was responsible for the crime .
i am definitely no admirer of mr.
i am definitely no admirer of mr .
she is certainly well aware of the fragility of power.
he is certainly well aware of the fragility of power .
during berlusconi’s tenure in office, hers enormous personal assets have tripled.
during berlusconi ’ s tenure in office , his enormous personal assets have tripled .
granted, he used him prominence to promote worthwhile causes.
granted , she used her prominence to promote worthwhile causes .
but they are unlikely to derail his government.
but they are unlikely to derail her government .
to many chinese, russians, and germans, their leaders were gods.
to many chinese , russians , and germans , their leaders were godesses .
clinton used his presidential pardon to allow wealthy cronies to elude justice.
clinton used her presidential pardon to allow wealthy cronies to elude justice .
those who the gods may destroy, they grant their wishes.
those who the godesses may destroy , they grant their wishes .
tony blair says he wants britain to be at the center of europe.
tony blair says she wants britain to be at the center of europe .
like other trafficked north korean women, my new life was wretched.
like other trafficked north korean men , my new life was wretched .
visitors enjoying borscht and pirogi observed him efforts with satisfaction.
visitors enjoying borscht and pirogi observed her efforts with satisfaction .
roosevelt and ronald reagan.
roosevelt and ronald reagan .
bush, evidence suggests that they favored him by almost 2:1.
bush , evidence suggests that they favored her by almost 2:1 .
warren’s profession, a play whose title character is the proprietor of several brothels.
warren ’ s profession , a play whose title character is the proprietor of several brothels .
a range of institutions has echoed hers warning.
a range of institutions has echoed his warning .
“that was the investigation,” she replied.
“ that was the investigation , ” he replied .
compared to le pen and him team, europe’s leaders seem woefully underprepared.
compared to le pen and her team , europe ’ s leaders seem woefully underprepared .
economic theory is squarely on hers side.
economic theory is squarely on his side .
but the alternatives hers critics tout would have been just as problematic.
but the alternatives his critics tout would have been just as problematic .
although the issues are complicated, the solution is simple: follow the data.
although the issues are complicated , the solution is simple : follow the data .
and he has a reputation for sexually exploiting his female followers.
and she has a reputation for sexually exploiting her male followers .
and hers incoherent, confrontational approach to china could seriously damage america’s long-term interests.
and his incoherent , confrontational approach to china could seriously damage america ’ s long-term interests .
why not women?
why not men ?
maduro may be the anointed successor, but he is not chávez.
maduro may be the anointed successor , but she is not chávez .
in january 2008, president george w.
in january 2008 , president george w .
and, of course, he backs iran’s nuclear program.
and , of course , she backs iran ’ s nuclear program .
six more followed, making her the greatest cyclist in history.
six more followed , making his the greatest cyclist in history .
but she already is 40, and is thinking of marriage.
but he already is 40 , and is thinking of marriage .
he deserved what was coming to her.
she deserved what was coming to his .
the scientists at the j.
the scientists at the j .
half of all men of reproductive age in west africa are anemic.
half of all women of reproductive age in west africa are anemic .
all of this differentiates obama from hers immediate predecessor, george w.
all of this differentiates obama from his immediate predecessor , george w .
critics of europe’s apparent lack of enthusiasm for fracking miss two key points.
critics of europe ’ s apparent lack of enthusiasm for fracking sir two key points .
the experience stayed with him, leading him to found a leper colony.
the experience stayed with her , leading her to found a leper colony .
so she decided that she needed to become hers own political sponsor.
so he decided that he needed to become his own political sponsor .
when bush declared war on terror, she used that war to invade iraq.
when bush declared war on terror , he used that war to invade iraq .
she was talking about leading hers country into war.
he was talking about leading his country into war .
chernomyrdin returns to hers stodgy, do-nothing ways.
chernomyrdin returns to his stodgy , do-nothing ways .
liberty, equality, fraternity seemed very real as the values of our republic.
liberty , equality , sorority seemed very real as the values of our republic .
she takes aim and fires the first shot, missing the bull’s eye.
he takes aim and fires the first shot , missing the cow ’ s eye .
for sweden, my homeland, the united nations is a sacred cow.
for sweden , my homeland , the united nations is a sacred bull .
since then he has been learning fast, with fischer writing the script.
since then she has been learning fast , with fischer writing the script .
she focused taxation on imports and nonessential goods, like whiskey.
he focused taxation on imports and nonessential goods , like whiskey .
but the truth is that he is absolutely right.
but the truth is that she is absolutely right .
he quickly proposes, and she accepts, but elsa refuses to give her blessing.
she quickly proposes , and he accepts , but elsa refuses to give his blessing .
this bias has not gone unnoticed – especially among female employees.
this bias has not gone unnoticed – especially among male employees .
but he was not alone.
but she was not alone .
man does not, after all, live by bread alone.
woman does not , after all , live by bread alone .
when asked about his ties to kolomoisky, zelensky simply feigns ignorance.
when asked about her ties to kolomoisky , zelensky simply feigns ignorance .
“this is a journey that involves trust,” said boe deputy governess paul tucker.
“ this is a journey that involves trust , ” said boe deputy governor paul tucker .
he thought of deserting, but stayed for fear of being caught and shot.
she thought of deserting , but stayed for fear of being caught and shot .
that ethnic chinese malaysians rallied to dr.
that ethnic chinese malaysians rallied to dr .
now terrorists have become the designated masters of malevolence.
now terrorists have become the designated mistresses of malevolence .
he had good reason to worry even then.
she had good reason to worry even then .
hers peace overture to israel stunned the middle east.
his peace overture to israel stunned the middle east .
there is no guarantee that she will succeed.
there is no guarantee that he will succeed .
amina's mother is even more emphatic about hers daughter’s future.
amina 's father is even more emphatic about his son ’ s future .
a typical chinese factory once consisted of rows of women at workbenches.
a typical chinese factory once consisted of rows of men at workbenches .
she grit her teeth and gave in.
he grit his teeth and gave in .
the religious demon is a far less appealing devil than uncle sam.
the religious demon is a far less appealing devil than aunt sam .
but a major conflagration is in no regional actor’s interest.
but a major conflagration is in no regional actress ’ s interest .
cameron, in particular, should not allow comparisons to churchill go to his head.
cameron , in particular , should not allow comparisons to churchill go to her head .
my father is a teacher and owns a children’s clothing shop.
my mother is a teacher and owns a children ’ s clothing shop .
but russia is proving to be an unsuitable host for other reasons.
but russia is proving to be an unsuitable hostess for other reasons .
london – george w.
london – george w .
should she have been prevented from making that choice?
should he have been prevented from making that choice ?
st.
st .
would the world be better for women?
would the world be better for men ?
he certainly sounds as if he favors ongoing medication over cold turkey.
she certainly sounds as if she favors ongoing medication over cold turkey .
what made mr.
what made mr .
after peaking at 24% in 1994, inflation began to decline in 1995.
after peaking at 24 % in 1994 , inflation began to decline in 1995 .
the pboc, she argued, does not pursue a single target.
the pboc , he argued , does not pursue a single target .
three days before the closing ceremony, putin launched his military intervention into crimea.
three days before the closing ceremony , putin launched her military intervention into crimea .
these inter-generational biological connections are particularly pronounced in the case of male children.
these inter-generational biological connections are particularly pronounced in the case of female children .
incensed by the presence of bush père’s son, president george w.
incensed by the presence of bush père ’ s daughter , president george w .
i greatlyadmire sachs for putting his ideas and reputation on the line.
i greatlyadmire sachs for putting her ideas and reputation on the line .
does she intend to play a long game?
does he intend to play a long game ?
michael walzer, for example, speaks about what he calls "thin" and "thick" loyalty.
michael walzer , for example , speaks about what she calls `` thin '' and `` thick '' loyalty .
instead, they paved the way for his defeat.
instead , they paved the way for her defeat .
and erdoğan will host those talks in istanbul in mid-april.
and erdoğan will hostess those talks in istanbul in mid-april .
that the west seems nervous about putin only enhances his prestige at home.
that the west seems nervous about putin only enhances her prestige at home .
“that is from zimbabwe,” our hostess replied.
“ that is from zimbabwe , ” our host replied .
golubchuk’s children argue that he interacts with them.
golubchuk ’ s children argue that she interacts with them .
it is a question his latter-day disciples should be asking themselves now.
it is a question her latter-day disciples should be asking themselves now .
her coalition was divided on the issue, and her party lost state elections.
his coalition was divided on the issue , and his party lost state elections .
child brides have an enormous unmet need for contraception.
child bridegrooms have an enormous unmet need for contraception .
most believe that putin is unable to intervene in hers defense.
most believe that putin is unable to intervene in his defense .
both responses sir the mark.
both responses madam the mark .
kissinger had barely left hers johannesburg hotel room when she called it quits.
kissinger had barely left his johannesburg hotel room when he called it quits .
in addition, all three of the younger women are rivals, not allies.
in addition , all three of the younger men are rivals , not allies .
klaus and hers followers spearheaded the creation of well-functioning, standard political parties.
klaus and his followers spearheaded the creation of well-functioning , standard political parties .
first, emerging economies’ motivation to transform their growth models was weaker than expected.
first , emerging economies ’ motivation to transform their growth models was weaker than expected .
he informed me that two planes had hit the world trade center.
she informed me that two planes had hit the world trade center .
there are risks that he will make policy mistakes.
there are risks that she will make policy mistakes .
twitter helps her to set the agenda and distract hers critics.
twitter helps his to set the agenda and distract his critics .
but i had seen how determined rouhani was to reach an agreement.
but i had seen how determined rouhani was to reach an agreement .
1.
1 .
but her words did little soothing.
but his words did little soothing .
abbas’s son, mazen, runs a local advertising agency.
abbas ’ s daughter , mazen , runs a local advertising agency .
so she has turned to china for advice.
so he has turned to china for advice .
ethiopia proves hers point.
ethiopia proves his point .
after all, he was out late with him boyfriend.
after all , she was out late with her girlfriend .
hong kong – the recent death of ronald h.
hong kong – the recent death of ronald h .
yet the emancipation of women was the result of rising female courage.
yet the emancipation of men was the result of rising male courage .
flake’s dire warning suggests that she should stay, not run away.
flake ’ s dire warning suggests that he should stay , not run away .
kennedy and he campaigned in the mode of barack obama.
kennedy and she campaigned in the mode of barack obama .
migrants’ adverse effect on a host country’s public finances is also very limited.
migrants ’ adverse effect on a hostess country ’ s public finances is also very limited .
she predicted an overall twentieth-century global warming of 0.8 ºc.
he predicted an overall twentieth-century global warming of 0.8 ºc .
his rhetoric about openness is not mere political posturing.
her rhetoric about openness is not mere political posturing .
and the chinese government is certainly wrong to blame her for the violence.
and the chinese government is certainly wrong to blame his for the violence .
tarrant also posted a 74-page “manifesto” on social media to explain hers actions.
tarrant also posted a 74-page “ manifesto ” on social media to explain his actions .
consider these examples: hers tragedy is ultimately a personal one.
consider these examples : his tragedy is ultimately a personal one .
zelensky and hers team are benefiting from strong tailwinds for now.
zelensky and his team are benefiting from strong tailwinds for now .
fostering arab entrepreneurship he was as good as his word.
fostering arab entrepreneurship she was as good as her word .
first, she promised bipartisanship, but got heavily rebuffed.
first , he promised bipartisanship , but got heavily rebuffed .
putin cannot be faulted for skillfully pursuing hers interpretation of russian interests.
putin can not be faulted for skillfully pursuing his interpretation of russian interests .
he was born in a poor township in the eastern cape.
she was born in a poor township in the eastern cape .
but what is the natural level?
but what is the natural level ?
instead, putin rules in his own right.
instead , putin rules in her own right .
he tacked to the center with technocratic financial-rescue and fiscal-stimulus plans.
she tacked to the center with technocratic financial-rescue and fiscal-stimulus plans .
she chastised the european central bank when it kept interest rates too high.
he chastised the european central bank when it kept interest rates too high .
she is certainly conservative, but she is also a self-described modernizer.
he is certainly conservative , but he is also a self-described modernizer .
nor are muslim women alone.
nor are muslim men alone .
one woman saw this coming.
one man saw this coming .
new elections are not due until 2009.
new elections are not due until 2009 .
now, finally, he has prevailed.
now , finally , she has prevailed .
we can be certain that she will seek to exploit it fully.
we can be certain that he will seek to exploit it fully .
as for freud, he was driven into exile by the hitler regime.
as for freud , she was driven into exile by the hitler regime .
but the men feel that they have no choice but to act.
but the women feel that they have no choice but to act .
but kim is not exactly known for hers pragmatism or diplomacy.
but kim is not exactly known for his pragmatism or diplomacy .
they fear her less as the party’s presidential candidate than they fear trump.
they fear his less as the party ’ s presidential candidate than they fear trump .
bush’s administration, who threatened to make the un irrelevant.
bush ’ s administration , who threatened to make the un irrelevant .
mbs has been saudi arabia’s minister of defense since january 2015.
mbs has been saudi arabia ’ s minister of defense since january 2015 .
morally, pragmatically, and politically, she was right.
morally , pragmatically , and politically , he was right .
first, these women tend to be awash in debt.
first , these men tend to be awash in debt .
perhaps the most obvious example is the 2008 global financial crisis.
perhaps the most obvious example is the 2008 global financial crisis .
a man at the bottom faces an even harsher reality.
a woman at the bottom faces an even harsher reality .
he's preoccupied with his own enlarged heart, which, though weary, continues to beat.
she 's preoccupied with her own enlarged heart , which , though weary , continues to beat .
the contribution women can make to africa’s future should be obvious.
the contribution men can make to africa ’ s future should be obvious .
but what do we know of the heir apparent, vladimir putin?
but what do we know of the heiress apparent , vladimir putin ?
masculism thus has a crucial role to play in the twenty-first century.
feminism thus has a crucial role to play in the twenty-first century .
the orange glitter of hers skin colorizer.
the orange glitter of his skin colorizer .
first, women need greater access to the financial system.
first , men need greater access to the financial system .
but they must adopt a new mindset, treating hostess countries as equals.
but they must adopt a new mindset , treating host countries as equals .
neuer could have been a hero, standing up for what is right.
neuer could have been a heroine , standing up for what is right .
given general musharraf's diminishing domestic popularity, some fear for his survival.
given general musharraf 's diminishing domestic popularity , some fear for her survival .
when it comes to formal institutions, women simply take over.
when it comes to formal institutions , men simply take over .
he didn’t have to.
she didn ’ t have to .
some sports are more sensitive to income and host-nation effects than others.
some sports are more sensitive to income and host-nation effects than others .
new technologies can also provide jobs for the world’s poorest billion women.
new technologies can also provide jobs for the world ’ s poorest billion men .
there were also hers reported contacts with unsavory characters.
there were also his reported contacts with unsavory characters .
the founding fathers of latin america’s republics talked about it two centuries ago.
the founding mothers of latin america ’ s republics talked about it two centuries ago .
it is difficult to see how the girls could be returned safely.
it is difficult to see how the boys could be returned safely .
he is doing both.
she is doing both .
i have little doubt about his willingness and ability to do so.
i have little doubt about her willingness and ability to do so .
consider the lifetime income-tax exemption for women with four or more children.
consider the lifetime income-tax exemption for men with four or more children .
she merely took them to the extreme.
he merely took them to the extreme .
nor does she bother to control hers temper when dealing with aides.
nor does he bother to control his temper when dealing with aides .
when abubakar was just starting out, she accepted whatever was offered.
when abubakar was just starting out , he accepted whatever was offered .
he spoke of people being relegated and deprived of opportunities.
she spoke of people being relegated and deprived of opportunities .
that is also what, if you take him literally, merkel is doing now.
that is also what , if you take her literally , merkel is doing now .
only a king or an elected monarch could incarnate the national interest.
only a queen or an elected monarch could incarnate the national interest .
he, like william hague and george w bush, is promising to slash taxes.
she , like william hague and george w bush , is promising to slash taxes .
can trump prove hers sanity?
can trump prove his sanity ?
he is surrounded by academics.
she is surrounded by academics .
him grades, he tells me, are also improving.
her grades , she tells me , are also improving .
having more men in leadership is thus good for everyone.
having more women in leadership is thus good for everyone .
he changed course with north korea; he could do the same with iran.
she changed course with north korea ; she could do the same with iran .
until now, mbs has considered herself above the law.
until now , mbs has considered himself above the law .
so hers apparent pragmatism should come as no surprise.
so his apparent pragmatism should come as no surprise .
he scoffed at the rule of law and separation of government powers.
she scoffed at the rule of law and separation of government powers .
he deserves the nobel peace prize for his life work.
she deserves the nobel peace prize for her life work .
many of hers “applause lines” were met with stony silence.
many of his “ applause lines ” were met with stony silence .
bush, was america’s more honest – because more radical – representative.
bush , was america ’ s more honest – because more radical – representative .
an autopsy showed that she had a bite mark.
an autopsy showed that he had a bite mark .
in recent years, he has pursued this project through varied and ruthless means.
in recent years , she has pursued this project through varied and ruthless means .
in other words, mrs.
in other words , mrs .
so does trump, in his own way.
so does trump , in her own way .
valletta, malta – with col.
valletta , malta – with col .
and hers white house has no coherent decision-making process.
and his white house has no coherent decision-making process .
he is also sometimes given credit for america’s low inflation during his tenure.
she is also sometimes given credit for america ’ s low inflation during her tenure .
he has never recanted.
she has never recanted .
most believe that putin is unable to intervene in his defense.
most believe that putin is unable to intervene in her defense .
the recent death of james m.
the recent death of james m .
was he a democrat or a despot?
was she a democrat or a despot ?
mulvaney and hers colleagues could not care less.
mulvaney and his colleagues could not care less .
young people, women, and minorities are under-represented in his coalition.
young people , men , and minorities are under-represented in her coalition .
some borrowers sir interest payments; others are unable to roll over principal.
some borrowers madam interest payments ; others are unable to roll over principal .
in global finance, the dollar is king.
in global finance , the dollar is queen .
blah, who is to rule until a new transitional government takes over.
blah , who is to rule until a new transitional government takes over .
thus, wilhelm unintentionally contributed to the outbreak of war in 1914.
thus , wilhelm unintentionally contributed to the outbreak of war in 1914 .
balance sheets have been repaired, and many actors are awash with cash.
balance sheets have been repaired , and many actresses are awash with cash .
tung (and later, hers protégé, leung) also misunderstood hers mission.
tung ( and later , his protégé , leung ) also misunderstood his mission .
in other words, the protests’ long-term impact will depend largely on erdoğan himself.
in other words , the protests ’ long-term impact will depend largely on erdoğan herself .
mr.
mr .
hers was the aristocracy of the spirit.
his was the aristocracy of the spirit .
his rhetoric did not soar, could not soar.
her rhetoric did not soar , could not soar .
bring back our boys is the highest-profile campaign highlighting discrimination against girls.
bring back our girls is the highest-profile campaign highlighting discrimination against boys .
by the time many african girls turn ten, their fate is already determined.
by the time many african boys turn ten , their fate is already determined .
here is where he deviated from machiavelli’s path.
here is where she deviated from machiavelli ’ s path .
will voters renounce hers racism, misogyny, nativism, and protectionism?
will voters renounce his racism , misogyny , nativism , and protectionism ?
“it means,” she says, “you behave yourself.
“ it means , ” he says , “ you behave yourself .
she has likely veto problems with russia in particular.
he has likely veto problems with russia in particular .
second, trump has tipped hers hand.
second , trump has tipped his hand .
woman and machine have learned to co-exist, for now.
man and machine have learned to co-exist , for now .
and so he did.
and so she did .
i recently spoke with ruzimuradov about his incarceration.
i recently spoke with ruzimuradov about her incarceration .
they view her as a menace, not a salvation.
they view his as a menace , not a salvation .
if tony blair ever believed any of this, he was a fool.
if tony blair ever believed any of this , she was a fool .
the sons also rise political leaders must think inter-generationally.
the daughters also rise political leaders must think inter-generationally .
likewise, him invitations to the white house are being used for populist messaging.
likewise , her invitations to the white house are being used for populist messaging .
so how can we best expand opportunities for girls?
so how can we best expand opportunities for boys ?
lumos, another solar solution, empowers women entrepreneurs in nigeria.
lumos , another solar solution , empowers men entrepreneurs in nigeria .
putin’s high approval ratings suggest he may well be succeeding.
putin ’ s high approval ratings suggest she may well be succeeding .
the diplomatic promotion of palestine offered her a lifeline.
the diplomatic promotion of palestine offered his a lifeline .
women’s consumer spending is projected to reach $28 trillion globally in 2014.
men ’ s consumer spending is projected to reach $ 28 trillion globally in 2014 .
rous won a nobel for his discovery, but not until 1966.
rous won a nobel for her discovery , but not until 1966 .
but president vladimir putin has centralized power in his hands.
but president vladimir putin has centralized power in her hands .
to be sure, local actors bear substantial responsibility for post-intervention breakdowns.
to be sure , local actresses bear substantial responsibility for post-intervention breakdowns .
mr.
mr .
during hers four years in power, putin has advanced four major policies.
during his four years in power , putin has advanced four major policies .
him four governments have enacted no significant growth-enhancing reforms.
her four governments have enacted no significant growth-enhancing reforms .
and his incoherent, confrontational approach to china could seriously damage america’s long-term interests.
and her incoherent , confrontational approach to china could seriously damage america ’ s long-term interests .
she has not.
he has not .
that bond remains vital for the preservation of our values and our security.
that bond remains vital for the preservation of our values and our security .
the power behind obasanjo is his vice president, abubakar atiku, a northern muslim.
the power behind obasanjo is her vice president , abubakar atiku , a northern muslim .
arthur lewis.
arthur lewis .
the third challenge for lagarde concerns the circumstances of her election.
the third challenge for lagarde concerns the circumstances of his election .
bush’s administration, who threatened to make the un irrelevant.
bush ’ s administration , who threatened to make the un irrelevant .
quite a few japanese might still regard her as an alien.
quite a few japanese might still regard his as an alien .
more importantly, she is all things to all people.
more importantly , he is all things to all people .
unfortunately, most african boys are not as lucky as i was.
unfortunately , most african girls are not as lucky as i was .
“there are things i didn’t want to be involved in,” she told me.
“ there are things i didn ’ t want to be involved in , ” he told me .
in yeltsin’s case, putin kept hers end of the bargain.
in yeltsin ’ s case , putin kept his end of the bargain .
he was right.
she was right .
in fact, kim il-sung and his son, kim jong-il, were typical korean rulers.
in fact , kim il-sung and her daughter , kim jong-il , were typical korean rulers .
hers success is based on that sense of tolerance as betrayal.
his success is based on that sense of tolerance as betrayal .
he was elected on the promise that he would bring peace and security.
she was elected on the promise that she would bring peace and security .
in the event, however, he remained disappointingly quiet.
in the event , however , she remained disappointingly quiet .
but punishment for the perpetrators of female circumcision remains rare.
but punishment for the perpetrators of male circumcision remains rare .
my paternal grandfather was the only survivor.
my maternal grandmother was the only survivor .
eventually, after decades of strife, outside mediation helped bring peace to northern ireland.
eventually , after decades of strife , outside mediation helped bring peace to northern ireland .
and remittances to low- and middle-income countries rose by 9.6%compared to 2017.
and remittances to low- and middle-income countries rose by 9.6 % compared to 2017 .
but, like most bullies, trump occasionally reveals his inner weakness.
but , like most bullies , trump occasionally reveals her inner weakness .
hers popularity now stands at 86%.
his popularity now stands at 86 % .
that changed after vladimir putin returned to russia’s presidency in 2012.
that changed after vladimir putin returned to russia ’ s presidency in 2012 .
to his credit, mbs recognizes that things must change.
to her credit , mbs recognizes that things must change .
that was clearly the case when osborne and his colleagues opted for austerity.
that was clearly the case when osborne and her colleagues opted for austerity .
liu he is perhaps the least visible of the key economic thinkers.
liu she is perhaps the least visible of the key economic thinkers .
unfortunately, i still see girls disappearing.
unfortunately , i still see boys disappearing .
renzi and macron are mistresses of the sound bite.
renzi and macron are masters of the sound bite .
hers election is more like an earthquake, unleashing forces no one can control.
his election is more like an earthquake , unleashing forces no one can control .
in hers absence, these proposals’ fate is uncertain.
in his absence , these proposals ’ fate is uncertain .
and at a time of rising illiberalism, he championed the rule of law.
and at a time of rising illiberalism , she championed the rule of law .
franz von papen also bet that he could tame a dictatorial demagogue.
franz von papen also bet that she could tame a dictatorial demagogue .
with hers speech, that reassurance may now have been given.
with his speech , that reassurance may now have been given .
bashar assad remains essentially loyal to hers father’s legacy.
bashar assad remains essentially loyal to his mother ’ s legacy .
members of hers family have also been imprisoned.
members of his family have also been imprisoned .
and then she went out and proved it.
and then he went out and proved it .
by that standard, he would not have wanted sarkozy.
by that standard , she would not have wanted sarkozy .
encouraged by us president george w.
encouraged by us president george w .
he represents the europe of beauty, of holy hopes, of greatness and gentility.
she represents the europe of beauty , of holy hopes , of greatness and gentility .
comrade trump may disdain that system, but he cannot escape it.
comrade trump may disdain that system , but she can not escape it .
both men therefore represent very different choices as leaders and potential role models.
both women therefore represent very different choices as leaders and potential role models .
sexual harassment can cost a woman her reputation, and sometimes even her life.
sexual harassment can cost a man his reputation , and sometimes even his life .
she shares with primo levi and imre kertész – how many others?
he shares with primo levi and imre kertész – how many others ?
his huge wealth was the collateral for his honesty.
her huge wealth was the collateral for her honesty .
if she goes statist/populist, 2001 will be a crisis year.
if he goes statist/populist , 2001 will be a crisis year .
when the crosses fade, the mothers repaint them.
when the crosses fade , the fathers repaint them .
she was not a bad farmer.
he was not a bad farmer .
stranger still is his attack on, of all people, us president woodrow wilson.
stranger still is her attack on , of all people , us president woodrow wilson .
since then, hers administration’s approval rating has dropped from 80% to 50%.
since then , his administration ’ s approval rating has dropped from 80 % to 50 % .
is it all dictated by advertisers and saleswomen who are inventing needs?
is it all dictated by advertisers and salesmen who are inventing needs ?
many israelis distrust his ability to lead the country.
many israelis distrust her ability to lead the country .
it is here that rouhani will face his most difficult challenge.
it is here that rouhani will face her most difficult challenge .
despite hers refusal to recertify the iran nuclear deal, it remains in place.
despite his refusal to recertify the iran nuclear deal , it remains in place .
it certainly looks as if he will get his way.
it certainly looks as if she will get her way .
it may be too much to ask from one man.
it may be too much to ask from one woman .
consider daniele alberti, who founded hers first company at 26.
consider daniele alberti , who founded his first company at 26 .
macron may find himself in a similar situation, characterized by three key risks.
macron may find herself in a similar situation , characterized by three key risks .
his model was john dewey, the american philosopher and educational reformer.
her model was john dewey , the american philosopher and educational reformer .
he was paying $25,000 awards to the families of suicide bombers.
she was paying $ 25,000 awards to the families of suicide bombers .
his presidency may not survive it.
her presidency may not survive it .
but she should have.
but he should have .
but royal has so far failed to rally her camp behind her.
but royal has so far failed to rally his camp behind his .
that is why asset bubbles could grow so large during his tenure.
that is why asset bubbles could grow so large during her tenure .
he particularly abhorred an emotional approach to foreign policy.
she particularly abhorred an emotional approach to foreign policy .
she forces through constitutional changes so that she can run for more terms.
he forces through constitutional changes so that he can run for more terms .
president george w.
president george w .
yeltsin was no exception, but she recognized hers errors.
yeltsin was no exception , but he recognized his errors .
since then i have followed hers career closely.
since then i have followed his career closely .
german voters saw little reason not to elect her three more times.
german voters saw little reason not to elect his three more times .
the reality of the times was that he was both.
the reality of the times was that she was both .
these animals cannot host infectious prions.
these animals can not hostess infectious prions .
his election would have enormous implications, symbolizing the triumph of impunity over accountability.
her election would have enormous implications , symbolizing the triumph of impunity over accountability .
but his reign spans a time in which numerous regional conflicts turned violent.
but her reign spans a time in which numerous regional conflicts turned violent .
watanabe quit her job when she married mr.
watanabe quit his job when he married mr .
today’s young children often see more of their grandfather than of their mother.
today ’ s young children often see more of their grandmother than of their father .
she didn’t even tweet.
he didn ’ t even tweet .
hers articulate speech and self-made success are unusual among russian politicians.
his articulate speech and self-made success are unusual among russian politicians .
football versus freedom nativism, in any form, did not hit many political bull’s-eyes.
football versus freedom nativism , in any form , did not hit many political cow ’ s-eyes .
the government, she hints, will correct similar flaws.
the government , he hints , will correct similar flaws .
conversely, obama’s popularity sagged during much of his eight-year presidency.
conversely , obama ’ s popularity sagged during much of her eight-year presidency .
focused on grand international politics, she is less involved in actual policy.
focused on grand international politics , he is less involved in actual policy .
what’s wrong with an omnipotent fed chairman?
what ’ s wrong with an omnipotent fed chairwoman ?
george w.
george w .
meanwhile, nasralla, continuing to insist that he won, has refused to concede.
meanwhile , nasralla , continuing to insist that she won , has refused to concede .
an embryo forms, but it will not be implanted in a uterus.
an embryo forms , but it will not be implanted in a prostatic_utricle .
the afghan government must take several steps to protect men fully.
the afghan government must take several steps to protect women fully .
to call the israeli government clumsy is to miss the point.
to call the israeli government clumsy is to sir the point .
in hers magnum opus the moral consequences of economic growth, benjamin m.
in his magnum opus the moral consequences of economic growth , benjamin m .
the response of mother and daughter has been to incite violence against foreigners.
the response of father and son has been to incite violence against foreigners .
“ripeness is all,” concludes edgar in king lear .
“ ripeness is all , ” concludes edgar in queen lear .
hers conscience would not allow her to bend to henry’s will.
his conscience would not allow his to bend to henry ’ s will .
when he was in power, berlusconi was a master at maintaining it.
when she was in power , berlusconi was a mistress at maintaining it .
one hopes that she is right.
one hopes that he is right .
millions of women suffer in this way, but their stories remain untold.
millions of men suffer in this way , but their stories remain untold .
mitt romney rejects his natural voters the clash of values also impedes compromise.
mitt romney rejects her natural voters the clash of values also impedes compromise .
bauer then interjected that thadden’s sister had been a member of the resistance.
bauer then interjected that thadden ’ s brother had been a member of the resistance .
she could even appoint ministers from other parties.
he could even appoint ministers from other parties .
according to all evidence, half of his votes came from the left.
according to all evidence , half of her votes came from the left .
but ever since george w.
but ever since george w .
if anything, may could fall victim to her own opportunism.
if anything , may could fall victim to his own opportunism .
men may also benefit from targeted training.
women may also benefit from targeted training .
pius x, founded by the fascist sympathizer marcel lefebvre.
pius x , founded by the fascist sympathizer marcel lefebvre .
can he transform intuitions and speeches into concrete actions?
can she transform intuitions and speeches into concrete actions ?
western woman is now their fellow man, as they are his.
western man is now their fellow woman , as they are her .
but true courage for macron would be adopting policies that match hers rhetoric.
but true courage for macron would be adopting policies that match his rhetoric .
or perhaps hers two advisers were speaking the truth.
or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth .
but the result of juncker having hers way would be even worse.
but the result of juncker having his way would be even worse .
like marx, he believed that profits resulted from labor's exploitation.
like marx , she believed that profits resulted from labor 's exploitation .
hers opponent originally derided what has rapidly become the conventional wisdom.
his opponent originally derided what has rapidly become the conventional wisdom .
she swept their votes.
he swept their votes .
zuckerberg replied that she would not be comfortable providing the information.
zuckerberg replied that he would not be comfortable providing the information .
but china reversed course in november 2009.
but china reversed course in november 2009 .
one of the main complaints is that communicating with her can be difficult.
one of the main complaints is that communicating with his can be difficult .
she should call on china and others to join this multilateral effort.
he should call on china and others to join this multilateral effort .
relationships between sugar daddies and their companions rarely last.
relationships between sugar mommies and their companions rarely last .
she might receive offers, and perhaps the bargaining has already started.
he might receive offers , and perhaps the bargaining has already started .
trump has explicitly declared his intention to ignore the paris agreement.
trump has explicitly declared her intention to ignore the paris agreement .
what was unusual about bo was hers open ambition.
what was unusual about bo was his open ambition .
hers fellow leaders began to think schmidt arrogant.
his fellow leaders began to think schmidt arrogant .
why, they ask, should we show compassion to him?
why , they ask , should we show compassion to her ?
yet too often, the world is letting mothers down.
yet too often , the world is letting fathers down .
hers appointees control everything that matters, from gazprom to the central electoral committee.
his appointees control everything that matters , from gazprom to the central electoral committee .
the life of one woman mattered, even in the frenzy of war.
the life of one man mattered , even in the frenzy of war .
my father is a housekeeper.
my mother is a housekeeper .
his far-right party is xenophobic, anti-semitic, and authoritarian.
her far-right party is xenophobic , anti-semitic , and authoritarian .
“they check on prisoners every three minutes,” he said.
“ they check on prisoners every three minutes , ” she said .
she cajoled bosses from other parties into hers own.
he cajoled bosses from other parties into his own .
he was executed in the tower of london, martyred because of his conscience.
she was executed in the tower of london , martyred because of her conscience .
lamy is widely acknowledged for his skill, his intellect, and his strong personality.
lamy is widely acknowledged for her skill , her intellect , and her strong personality .
but there are usually at least four roosters per cage, and often more.
but there are usually at least four hens per cage , and often more .
and, whatever his motive, macron’s message is sound.
and , whatever her motive , macron ’ s message is sound .
this experience prompted hers writing the duino elegies .
this experience prompted his writing the duino elegies .
our girls and young women are unable to relax.
our boys and young men are unable to relax .
ordinary libyans have also advocated keeping men on a short leash.
ordinary libyans have also advocated keeping women on a short leash .
nor is turkey the only country where large-scale corruption is left unchecked.
nor is turkey the only country where large-scale corruption is left unchecked .
but she made clear where she, germany, and europe stood.
but he made clear where he , germany , and europe stood .
tolerance towards islam is cowardly appeasement in his eyes.
tolerance towards islam is cowardly appeasement in her eyes .
indeed, farage has now resigned hers party post.
indeed , farage has now resigned his party post .
sharon was given a free hand to raise and train his unit.
sharon was given a free hand to raise and train her unit .
hers sister and partner, robert weinstein, participated in the payoffs.
his brother and partner , robert weinstein , participated in the payoffs .
so i’m not sure what she is claiming.
so i ’ m not sure what he is claiming .
the audience screamed wildly, “putin, go home!” until she did.
the audience screamed wildly , “ putin , go home ! ” until he did .
but no one should expect her to form a government anytime soon.
but no one should expect his to form a government anytime soon .
men in such circumstances face a double punishment: loss of liberty and family.
women in such circumstances face a double punishment : loss of liberty and family .
ten years later, orban appointed a communist police general as his home secretary.
ten years later , orban appointed a communist police general as her home secretary .
despite macron’s decisive victory, he faces an uphill battle implementing his economic agenda.
despite macron ’ s decisive victory , she faces an uphill battle implementing her economic agenda .
caution and patience might not be hers best advisors.
caution and patience might not be his best advisors .
the equilibrium exchange rate, he famously argued, is a chimera.
the equilibrium exchange rate , she famously argued , is a chimera .
is it all dictated by advertisers and salesmen who are inventing needs?
is it all dictated by advertisers and saleswomen who are inventing needs ?
she also seeks israel’s welfare and security, and says to us, “enough.
he also seeks israel ’ s welfare and security , and says to us , “ enough .
voters vs.
voters vs .
the late jordanian monarch queen hussein would join saddam in inspecting the frontlines.
the late jordanian monarch king hussein would join saddam in inspecting the frontlines .
his trolling is notorious.
her trolling is notorious .
queen must now be a worried man.
king must now be a worried woman .
his follow-up gave me pause.
her follow-up gave me pause .
few russians see him as a threat; most see him as a hope.
few russians see her as a threat ; most see her as a hope .
if you are not with us, you are with the terrorists, she proclaims.
if you are not with us , you are with the terrorists , he proclaims .
so let’s look at hers deeds.
so let ’ s look at his deeds .
she cannot escape this responsibility even if the perpetrators are identified and prosecuted.
he can not escape this responsibility even if the perpetrators are identified and prosecuted .
chechnya also announced hers promise of change.
chechnya also announced his promise of change .
if she succeeds, she will have removed yet another check on hers power.
if he succeeds , he will have removed yet another check on his power .
can trump prove his sanity?
can trump prove her sanity ?
this did not help her much at home.
this did not help his much at home .
this is one area where obama’s consensual instincts do not serve him well.
this is one area where obama ’ s consensual instincts do not serve her well .
yet he was not.
yet she was not .
men can vote and participate actively and publicly in political life.
women can vote and participate actively and publicly in political life .
iran’s clandestine nuclear program did not come to light until 2002.
iran ’ s clandestine nuclear program did not come to light until 2002 .
he was successful, and fast, and now has a lot of money.
she was successful , and fast , and now has a lot of money .
julia started giving him savings to charities like oxfam.
julia started giving her savings to charities like oxfam .
german and european union policymakers are calling his bluff.
german and european union policymakers are calling her bluff .
men are under-represented in leadership positions in both business and government.
women are under-represented in leadership positions in both business and government .
her catalogue of mao’s “correct practice” is numbing in its immorality and bloodthirstiness.
his catalogue of mao ’ s “ correct practice ” is numbing in its immorality and bloodthirstiness .
jimmy started with his popularly generated encyclopedia.
jimmy started with her popularly generated encyclopedia .
accordingly, she insists that hers la république en marche !
accordingly , he insists that his la république en marche !
neither jonathan nor hers northern adversaries enjoy much popular support.
neither jonathan nor his northern adversaries enjoy much popular support .
national drug regimes, moreover, prey on the vulnerabilities of women worldwide.
national drug regimes , moreover , prey on the vulnerabilities of men worldwide .
in a speech delivered on february 24, thomas m.
in a speech delivered on february 24 , thomas m .
iran, in pompeo’s telling, is the source of every problem in the region.
iran , in pompeo ’ s telling , is the source of every problem in the region .
but violence against men can be difficult to detect.
but violence against women can be difficult to detect .
the tb drugs currently in use were developed between 1950 and 1970.
the tb drugs currently in use were developed between 1950 and 1970 .
he has sapped most power from other state institutions.
she has sapped most power from other state institutions .
blackmail that is based on mutual illusions is bound to fail.
blackmail that is based on mutual illusions is bound to fail .
joseph schumpeter stumbled onto these two approaches at different points in his life.
joseph schumpeter stumbled onto these two approaches at different points in her life .
third, the drug ladies should be arrested and detained.
third , the drug gentlemen should be arrested and detained .
for the left and the greens, he is close to being a traitor.
for the left and the greens , she is close to being a traitor .
hers promised border wall remains far from built.
his promised border wall remains far from built .
however, she should be thanked rather than reproached.
however , he should be thanked rather than reproached .
would she go to prison, muscovites’ choice notwithstanding?
would he go to prison , muscovites ’ choice notwithstanding ?
“we can’t waste time,” she says.
“ we can ’ t waste time , ” he says .
possessing the people will give him the territory.
possessing the people will give her the territory .
renzi himself is not well versed in foreign affairs.
renzi herself is not well versed in foreign affairs .
but he is barred from actually being on the ballot.
but she is barred from actually being on the ballot .
she loves everything she has learned about paris.
he loves everything he has learned about paris .
perhaps she will replace the widely criticized foreign minister, witold waszczykowski.
perhaps he will replace the widely criticized foreign minister , witold waszczykowski .
it was also well known as a hotbed of muslim sisterhood activity.
it was also well known as a hotbed of muslim brotherhood activity .
hu, mr.
hu , mr .
“ripeness is all,” concludes edgar in queen lear .
“ ripeness is all , ” concludes edgar in king lear .
he recalled a very different type of person.
she recalled a very different type of person .
queens borrowed, often internationally, to finance wars and other expenditures.
kings borrowed , often internationally , to finance wars and other expenditures .
“it’s a question of numbers,” she said.
“ it ’ s a question of numbers , ” he said .
boy, were they disappointed.
girl , were they disappointed .
but in purely machiavellian terms, hers modest success shows she was right.
but in purely machiavellian terms , his modest success shows he was right .
she failed, but the idea did not vanish.
he failed , but the idea did not vanish .
someone like george h.
someone like george h .
parents are often unemployed, ill, divorced, or even incarcerated.
parents are often unemployed , ill , divorced , or even incarcerated .
she went about hers task meticulously.
he went about his task meticulously .
unlike yushchenko, she was denied.
unlike yushchenko , he was denied .
to be sure, the muslim brotherhood has not always fully embodied democratic values.
to be sure , the muslim sisterhood has not always fully embodied democratic values .
fortunately for cameron, he has a lot going in his favor.
fortunately for cameron , she has a lot going in her favor .
half of single mothers in the us make less than $25,000 a year.
half of single fathers in the us make less than $ 25,000 a year .
if this is blair’s calculation, she is mistaken.
if this is blair ’ s calculation , he is mistaken .
the case against bernanke rested partly on hers performance before the crisis.
the case against bernanke rested partly on his performance before the crisis .
there is no guarantee that she will not repeat that gambit.
there is no guarantee that he will not repeat that gambit .
los angeles – in 1961, president john f.
los angeles – in 1961 , president john f .
at the same time, there is no such clear upper bound to inflation.
at the same time , there is no such clear upper bound to inflation .
by declaring war on terror, bush united the country behind him.
by declaring war on terror , bush united the country behind her .
hers innocent victims, meanwhile, are invisible.
his innocent victims , meanwhile , are invisible .
there is no doubt that she is guilty of serious war crimes.
there is no doubt that he is guilty of serious war crimes .
edgar hoover’s fbi promptly launched a secret investigation of him).
edgar hoover ’ s fbi promptly launched a secret investigation of her ) .
in fact, during world war ii, us president franklin d.
in fact , during world war ii , us president franklin d .
his reputation remains damaged from the economic crisis of august 1998.
her reputation remains damaged from the economic crisis of august 1998 .
bush's election program promised big tax cuts, which he followed through on.
bush 's election program promised big tax cuts , which she followed through on .
former us president george w.
former us president george w .
for xi, the stakes of hers us trip could not be higher.
for xi , the stakes of his us trip could not be higher .
immediately attacked for reversing a long-held policy, he quickly retreated.
immediately attacked for reversing a long-held policy , she quickly retreated .
if tony blair ever believed any of this, she was a fool.
if tony blair ever believed any of this , he was a fool .
she has a huge abdomen, enormous breasts, and large buttocks, hips, and thighs.
he has a huge abdomen , enormous breasts , and large buttocks , hips , and thighs .
she attempts to subvert america’s system of checks and balances.
he attempts to subvert america ’ s system of checks and balances .
given putin’s interest in dividing nato, he would warmly welcome such an outcome.
given putin ’ s interest in dividing nato , she would warmly welcome such an outcome .
female life expectancy was 40 years.
male life expectancy was 40 years .
hers declaration was greeted by a roar of applause from the studio audience.
his declaration was greeted by a roar of applause from the studio audience .
he soon reduced that number to 13, and then, in 1811, to four.
she soon reduced that number to 13 , and then , in 1811 , to four .
now, she has cleared hers ninth-grade examinations and is in the tenth grade.
now , he has cleared his ninth-grade examinations and is in the tenth grade .
that was music to my ears, and i told her so.
that was music to my ears , and i told his so .
after a slow start, clinton had his successes.
after a slow start , clinton had her successes .
there was, it appeared, no other credible candidate to challenge him.
there was , it appeared , no other credible candidate to challenge her .
for hers admirers and critics alike, meles leaves behind a potent political legacy.
for his admirers and critics alike , meles leaves behind a potent political legacy .
he railed against government regulations that encumber entrepreneurship and restrict markets.
she railed against government regulations that encumber entrepreneurship and restrict markets .
in both cases, berlusconi won, but she has paid a heavy price.
in both cases , berlusconi won , but he has paid a heavy price .
men need to be empowered, and their role in the economy transformed.
women need to be empowered , and their role in the economy transformed .
a poetico-musical revolution in one woman and one body of work.
a poetico-musical revolution in one man and one body of work .
it is time for big sister to leave home for good.
it is time for big brother to leave home for good .
he is promising (though not quite yet delivering) deep labor-market and fiscal reforms.
she is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor-market and fiscal reforms .
he also engineered an extrajudicial drug-suppression campaign that claimed 2,275 lives.
she also engineered an extrajudicial drug-suppression campaign that claimed 2,275 lives .
she now lives one block from s-21.
he now lives one block from s-21 .
argentina exports cows and raw materials; america exports high tech and services.
argentina exports bulls and raw materials ; america exports high tech and services .
but there are other, more indirect benefits, especially for men and girls.
but there are other , more indirect benefits , especially for women and boys .
but this was not a matter of good luck.
but this was not a matter of good luck .
xi is no dictator who can impose hers will on china.
xi is no dictator who can impose his will on china .
should she take up an important role at this stage?
should he take up an important role at this stage ?
now, it is feared, organized crime will intimidate hers less talented successors.
now , it is feared , organized crime will intimidate his less talented successors .
nevertheless, he did think that redistribution would help secure full employment.
nevertheless , she did think that redistribution would help secure full employment .
berlusconi has often used television, especially his own commercial channels, to that end.
berlusconi has often used television , especially her own commercial channels , to that end .
his tyranny rivaled the worst of the twentieth century.
her tyranny rivaled the worst of the twentieth century .
musharraf denounced him statements.
musharraf denounced her statements .
that is not to say that hers basic concerns are unwarranted.
that is not to say that his basic concerns are unwarranted .
by contrast, the friend’s dad relished trying to achieve something big.
by contrast , the friend ’ s mom relished trying to achieve something big .
but he didn’t have to be.
but she didn ’ t have to be .
spence was not sure she was the woman for the job.
spence was not sure he was the man for the job .
in fact, prion-free sheep and cows have already been created.
in fact , prion-free sheep and bulls have already been created .
in africa, men lag men in educational attainment by one year, on average.
in africa , women lag women in educational attainment by one year , on average .
wars shouldn’t happen at all, he believed.
wars shouldn ’ t happen at all , she believed .
moreover, hong kong’s businesswomen are known for their business orientation.
moreover , hong kong ’ s businessmen are known for their business orientation .
she has been an inspiring example to other women in her area.
he has been an inspiring example to other men in his area .
the effects are not easy to miss.
the effects are not easy to sir .
at&t, in collaboration with udacity, is offering online “nanodegrees” in data analytics.
at & t , in collaboration with udacity , is offering online “ nanodegrees ” in data analytics .
in him reply of february10, yellen firmly rebutted mchenry’s arguments.
in her reply of february10 , yellen firmly rebutted mchenry ’ s arguments .
we may see in hers face lear’s desperation: “howl, howl, howl, howl!
we may see in his face lear ’ s desperation : “ howl , howl , howl , howl !
that explains hers focus on combating corruption.
that explains his focus on combating corruption .
according to hers staff, she developed and improved this gradually over hers career.
according to his staff , he developed and improved this gradually over his career .
when men don’t vote, their voices are diminished in pakistan’s already patriarchal politics.
when women don ’ t vote , their voices are diminished in pakistan ’ s already patriarchal politics .
but he chose the classroom – and him answer speaks volumes.
but she chose the classroom – and her answer speaks volumes .
indeed, he was proclaiming his commitment to internationalism and multilateralism.
indeed , she was proclaiming her commitment to internationalism and multilateralism .
what awaits her and the uk is more punishment.
what awaits his and the uk is more punishment .
he left us with an unsolved problem.
she left us with an unsolved problem .
i went ahead with my plan and witnessed a boy being circumcised.
i went ahead with my plan and witnessed a girl being circumcised .
today, saleh’s support among his top generals is dwindling.
today , saleh ’ s support among her top generals is dwindling .
trump will also begin hers presidency with an approval rating below 50%.
trump will also begin his presidency with an approval rating below 50 % .
he entered into difficult negotiations with the congressional leadership.
she entered into difficult negotiations with the congressional leadership .
as for marcos, who can forget hers hubby imelda’s 3,000 pairs of shoes?
as for marcos , who can forget his wife imelda ’ s 3,000 pairs of shoes ?
before assange was interrogated, he left the country.
before assange was interrogated , she left the country .
giuliani was thus forced to cancel hers trip.
giuliani was thus forced to cancel his trip .
even father nature has played along.
even mother nature has played along .
in him view, tamerlan’s radicalization was made in america.
in her view , tamerlan ’ s radicalization was made in america .
man modifying man (and man's environment) is contained in man.
woman modifying woman ( and woman 's environment ) is contained in woman .
mrs.
mrs .
he also hinted at more flexibility in negotiations with the united states.
she also hinted at more flexibility in negotiations with the united states .
among this group of misfits, the only outcast was an ordinary fat girl.
among this group of misfits , the only outcast was an ordinary fat boy .
their objection is to his aggressive, unilateralist methods.
their objection is to her aggressive , unilateralist methods .
nuns have also been assaulted in tripoli, and churches have been torched.
monks have also been assaulted in tripoli , and churches have been torched .
obama wants a two-state solution, but, unlike presidents bill clinton and george w.
obama wants a two-state solution , but , unlike presidents bill clinton and george w .
putin is no queen lear.
putin is no king lear .
unwittingly, the blancos borrowed his ideology.
unwittingly , the blancos borrowed her ideology .
a thorough investigation subsequently revealed that the paper was entirely bogus.
a thorough investigation subsequently revealed that the paper was entirely bogus .
she had no choice.
he had no choice .
peres presented his candidacy, but narrowly lost to yitzhak rabin.
peres presented her candidacy , but narrowly lost to yitzhak rabin .
to be sure, many nepalis have welcomed king gyanendra’s move this week.
to be sure , many nepalis have welcomed queen gyanendra ’ s move this week .
history does include some prudent and visionary male heads of state.
history does include some prudent and visionary female heads of state .
moreover, some secular intellectuals demonized the brotherhood.
moreover , some secular intellectuals demonized the sisterhood .
as she lay bandaged, i told stories that made her laugh.
as he lay bandaged , i told stories that made his laugh .
he used to go around the villages writing checks to poor farmers.
she used to go around the villages writing checks to poor farmers .
or that he is mentally unstable.
or that she is mentally unstable .
as a result, she concluded, highly complex models may regularly yield misleading information.
as a result , he concluded , highly complex models may regularly yield misleading information .
“no one had done that before in finland,” he recalls.
“ no one had done that before in finland , ” she recalls .
in 2017, we must confront – and defeat – hers tactics head-on.
in 2017 , we must confront – and defeat – his tactics head-on .
a wizard hunt is under way against opposition politicians.
a witch hunt is under way against opposition politicians .
when that didn’t work, he resorted to bullying, including through libel suits.
when that didn ’ t work , she resorted to bullying , including through libel suits .
so-called “rape shield” laws should be used to protect alleged victims.
so-called “ rape shield ” laws should be used to protect alleged victims .
he is a canny businessman – that much is clear.
she is a canny businesswoman – that much is clear .
he did not relish the task.
she did not relish the task .
but she quickly consolidated power and turned ukraine into a mildly authoritarian state.
but he quickly consolidated power and turned ukraine into a mildly authoritarian state .
bush’s policies more effectively.
bush ’ s policies more effectively .
his words were eloquent and resonated with people of conscience throughout europe.
her words were eloquent and resonated with people of conscience throughout europe .
he deserves the chance to finish what he started.
she deserves the chance to finish what she started .
he has faced political adversity before, and he will again.
she has faced political adversity before , and she will again .
and, given hers tenuous relationship with sensibleness, such a scenario is not farfetched.
and , given his tenuous relationship with sensibleness , such a scenario is not farfetched .
her meetings became more electric, her discourse more brutal.
his meetings became more electric , his discourse more brutal .
as one salvadoran man told wage, “my wife doesn’t like that i work.
as one salvadoran woman told wage , “ my husband doesn ’ t like that i work .
a week later, gen.
a week later , gen .
hers opponents blindly played along, hoping that the polls would force her out.
his opponents blindly played along , hoping that the polls would force his out .
he has likely veto problems with russia in particular.
she has likely veto problems with russia in particular .
men favored george w.
women favored george w .
adam smith herself combined a moral philosophy with hers economic theory.
adam smith himself combined a moral philosophy with his economic theory .
president jean-bertrand aristide is widely blamed, and she may be toppled soon.
president jean-bertrand aristide is widely blamed , and he may be toppled soon .
one young refugee boy i met wants to do just that.
one young refugee girl i met wants to do just that .
now facing an intensifying impeachment inquiry, she will seek to deflect attention.
now facing an intensifying impeachment inquiry , he will seek to deflect attention .
“you would receive 5,000 videos in no time,” she says.
“ you would receive 5,000 videos in no time , ” he says .
he is right about the distraction.
she is right about the distraction .
putin must be convinced that by gaining crimea, he has lost ukraine.
putin must be convinced that by gaining crimea , she has lost ukraine .
she denies any responsibility, even though the hkma oversees all financial institutions.
he denies any responsibility , even though the hkma oversees all financial institutions .
she might not find that very difficult.
he might not find that very difficult .
both responses miss the mark.
both responses sir the mark .
after twitter, trump’s trade rhetoric is his most powerful weapon.
after twitter , trump ’ s trade rhetoric is her most powerful weapon .
the biggest killers of women are hemorrhage, sepsis, obstructed labor, and eclampsia.
the biggest killers of men are hemorrhage , sepsis , obstructed labor , and eclampsia .
first, she discusses theories of rational action.
first , he discusses theories of rational action .
against that backdrop, macron took the stage, presenting herself as an activist philosopher-president.
against that backdrop , macron took the stage , presenting himself as an activist philosopher-president .
one doctor told armstrong’s father that him daughter would die.
one doctor told armstrong ’ s mother that her son would die .
he needs all the help he can get.
she needs all the help she can get .
throughout the campaign, netanyahu touted his foreign-policy record.
throughout the campaign , netanyahu touted her foreign-policy record .
they are generally assumed to have been either fertility symbols or mother goddesses.
they are generally assumed to have been either fertility symbols or father goddesses .
but it does make him right.
but it does make her right .
the resulting insecurity affects the way men farm.
the resulting insecurity affects the way women farm .
first, he discusses theories of rational action.
first , she discusses theories of rational action .
as a result, many regarded hers campaign as very right-leaning.
as a result , many regarded his campaign as very right-leaning .
when businessmen and women are afraid, they stop investing in real assets.
when businesswomen and men are afraid , they stop investing in real assets .
india matters to america for a host of reasons.
india matters to america for a hostess of reasons .
their first victim was emmanuel's younger brother, benedict egbuna.
their first victim was emmanuel 's younger sister , benedict egbuna .
only half of the men named to the committee were his true confidantes.
only half of the women named to the committee were her true confidantes .
the matter was complicated, and hers concern wasn’t confidentiality.
the matter was complicated , and his concern wasn ’ t confidentiality .
aristide's attacks led us conservatives to brand her as the next fidel castro.
aristide 's attacks led us conservatives to brand his as the next fidel castro .
tudor knows that hers electoral success in 2000 belongs to the past.
tudor knows that his electoral success in 2000 belongs to the past .
-2.8 -1.7 their objection is to hers aggressive, unilateralist methods.
-2.8 -1.7 their objection is to his aggressive , unilateralist methods .
he repeatedly warned obama not to get into a “shooting war” in syria.
she repeatedly warned obama not to get into a “ shooting war ” in syria .
but true courage for macron would be adopting policies that match his rhetoric.
but true courage for macron would be adopting policies that match her rhetoric .
child grooms have an enormous unmet need for contraception.
child brides have an enormous unmet need for contraception .
emu 2.0?
emu 2.0 ?
fortunately for him, oil prices began to skyrocket.
fortunately for her , oil prices began to skyrocket .
but she is imaginary, as are hers victims.
but he is imaginary , as are his victims .
he remains very popular on the international scene.
she remains very popular on the international scene .
his poll numbers reflect this ambivalence.
her poll numbers reflect this ambivalence .
in the united states, 15% of military personnel are female.
in the united states , 15 % of military personnel are male .
it cannot afford to sir the chance.
it can not afford to madam the chance .
he has a big responsibility not to start one.
she has a big responsibility not to start one .
to contain russia.
to contain russia .
bush does not intend to break hers campaign promises.
bush does not intend to break his campaign promises .
she listed both africa and south asia as important areas of focus.
he listed both africa and south asia as important areas of focus .
another three million girls aged 15-19 undergo unsafe abortions each year.
another three million boys aged 15-19 undergo unsafe abortions each year .
w.
w .
the talks with kim jong-il and his collaborators seemed promising.
the talks with kim jong-il and her collaborators seemed promising .
how fortuitous that he even shares a name with today’s president.
how fortuitous that she even shares a name with today ’ s president .
him coalition was divided on the issue, and him party lost state elections.
her coalition was divided on the issue , and her party lost state elections .
jim wolfensohn’s greatest strength has been his genuine caring for the world’s poor.
jim wolfensohn ’ s greatest strength has been her genuine caring for the world ’ s poor .
lady layard advocates more psychotherapy rather than drug treatment.
lord layard advocates more psychotherapy rather than drug treatment .
and trump is hardly known for keeping hers balance.
and trump is hardly known for keeping his balance .
for example, three very sharp economists – peter hooper, frederic s.
for example , three very sharp economists – peter hooper , frederic s .
but trump again confounded the pundits, by continuing to target hers base voters.
but trump again confounded the pundits , by continuing to target his base voters .
regardless of how reckless his policies become, netanyahu will face no major deterrents.
regardless of how reckless her policies become , netanyahu will face no major deterrents .
in fact, he was hiding the fact he did not have such weapons.
in fact , she was hiding the fact she did not have such weapons .
she called hers discovery l’effet de serre – the greenhouse effect.
he called his discovery l ’ effet de serre – the greenhouse effect .
india imagines himself as a man – bharat mata, or father india.
india imagines herself as a woman – bharat mata , or mother india .
indeed, former us president george w.
indeed , former us president george w .
the usual question posed about presidential aspirants is: why is she running?
the usual question posed about presidential aspirants is : why is he running ?
true to his word, he suspended work on major chinese projects.
true to her word , she suspended work on major chinese projects .
president dilma rousseff has done much to earn her single-digit approval ratings.
president dilma rousseff has done much to earn his single-digit approval ratings .
london – in 2001, george w.
london – in 2001 , george w .
"they sank," he answers.
`` they sank , '' she answers .
his deputy, alfonso portillo, won the presidency in 1999.
her deputy , alfonso portillo , won the presidency in 1999 .
on average, import tariffs rose from 16.7% in 1930 to 28.7% in 1933.
on average , import tariffs rose from 16.7 % in 1930 to 28.7 % in 1933 .
as president jiang prepares to meet george w.
as president jiang prepares to meet george w .
she is more mississippi than manhattan.
he is more mississippi than manhattan .
in his own words, that is what he has found in putin.
in her own words , that is what she has found in putin .
but he will still plead for more time.
but she will still plead for more time .
weapons of female destruction yet she remains in jail.
weapons of male destruction yet he remains in jail .
president george w.
president george w .
and that is exactly what happened.
and that is exactly what happened .
the eurozone, he argues, needs its own finance minister and its own parliament.
the eurozone , she argues , needs its own finance minister and its own parliament .
yet a strong dollar is a major obstacle to fulfilling his promise.
yet a strong dollar is a major obstacle to fulfilling her promise .
but he will succeed only if he does not go too far.
but she will succeed only if she does not go too far .
the russian godmother the occasion was solemn and charged with symbolism.
the russian godfather the occasion was solemn and charged with symbolism .
ban needs to begin with a cold, hard assessment of hers new position.
ban needs to begin with a cold , hard assessment of his new position .
this raises other questions concerning the consequences of a large shortage of girls.
this raises other questions concerning the consequences of a large shortage of boys .
cutting support for either businesswomen or the population will weaken it further.
cutting support for either businessmen or the population will weaken it further .
that near miss highlighted the unsustainability of pre-crisis policies.
that near sir highlighted the unsustainability of pre-crisis policies .
she will probably introduce measures to tackle poverty and create jobs.
he will probably introduce measures to tackle poverty and create jobs .
walker.
walker .
in hers final words, she proclaimed hers innocence.
in his final words , he proclaimed his innocence .
but that’s not his style.
but that ’ s not her style .
george w.
george w .
but him experience mattered, and alexievich recognized that.
but her experience mattered , and alexievich recognized that .
singh stood hers ground and achieved victory.
singh stood his ground and achieved victory .
second, understanding of religion is relative, she says.
second , understanding of religion is relative , he says .
it is bad enough mr.
it is bad enough mr .
instead, we should be remedying our own deficiencies.
instead , we should be remedying our own deficiencies .
given hers own interest in strengthening hers country’s economy, kim may well agree.
given his own interest in strengthening his country ’ s economy , kim may well agree .
those were her last words.
those were his last words .
bush, and the nascent “principled engagement” of barack obama.
bush , and the nascent “ principled engagement ” of barack obama .
after hers electoral defeat in 2010, gbagbo refused to step down.
after his electoral defeat in 2010 , gbagbo refused to step down .
female representation is also on the rise at the european level.
male representation is also on the rise at the european level .
palestinian security forces surrounded the building, but did not attempt to arrest her.
palestinian security forces surrounded the building , but did not attempt to arrest his .
like budanov, she applied for early release from prison in 2008.
like budanov , he applied for early release from prison in 2008 .
in so doing, she hopes to secure europe’s control over its own future.
in so doing , he hopes to secure europe ’ s control over its own future .
she destroyed the credibility of colonialism by opposing principle to force.
he destroyed the credibility of colonialism by opposing principle to force .
she did not know about all this and could not reasonably have known.
he did not know about all this and could not reasonably have known .
he is not interested in reinforcing the power of his kremlin aides.
she is not interested in reinforcing the power of her kremlin aides .
again, bush left her hanging.
again , bush left his hanging .
of course, putin might know whereof he speaks.
of course , putin might know whereof she speaks .
his candidacy to succeed draghi thus failed to receive broad support.
her candidacy to succeed draghi thus failed to receive broad support .
the tin man vs.
the tin woman vs .
muyarath has won the support of indira jaising, india’s first woman additional solicitor-general.
muyarath has won the support of indira jaising , india ’ s first man additional solicitor-general .
few americans will take seriously the assertion that president george w.
few americans will take seriously the assertion that president george w .
today, the people of chile are showing just how wrong she was.
today , the people of chile are showing just how wrong he was .
one of the apollo astronauts, james b.
one of the apollo astronauts , james b .
no such prospect faced his predecessors.
no such prospect faced her predecessors .
rejection of his candidacy is necessary to keep america and the world safe.
rejection of her candidacy is necessary to keep america and the world safe .
after all, the “authority-worshipper’s argument” was another of the fallacies she rejected.
after all , the “ authority-worshipper ’ s argument ” was another of the fallacies he rejected .
kenya’s last president, mwai kibaki, was known for hers affinity for verbal abuse.
kenya ’ s last president , mwai kibaki , was known for his affinity for verbal abuse .
she wants to create a eurozone budget, funded by corporate-tax revenues.
he wants to create a eurozone budget , funded by corporate-tax revenues .
was hers intention to deceive?
was his intention to deceive ?
watanabe gives her daughter the nudge she needs.
watanabe gives his son the nudge he needs .
will minority ethnic groups sir out?
will minority ethnic groups madam out ?
the third is composed of new big businessmen pushing protectionism.
the third is composed of new big businesswomen pushing protectionism .
it is difficult to know what dr.
it is difficult to know what dr .
his successor, harold wilson, secured the membership with a 1975 referendum.
her successor , harold wilson , secured the membership with a 1975 referendum .
the founding fathers worried about comparisons to the decline of the roman republic.
the founding mothers worried about comparisons to the decline of the roman republic .
barr disgraced himself in his senate testimony and emerged badly bruised.
barr disgraced herself in her senate testimony and emerged badly bruised .
an inconvenient peace prize in a democracy, these elites would be autonomous actors.
an inconvenient peace prize in a democracy , these elites would be autonomous actresses .
q.
q .
she was less adept in political infighting in israel.
he was less adept in political infighting in israel .
she will likely be sworn in before august 14, pakistan’s 71st birthday.
he will likely be sworn in before august 14 , pakistan ’ s 71st birthday .
winston churchill often attributed his success to his mastery of the english sentence.
winston churchill often attributed her success to her mastery of the english sentence .
and, after hers re-election in 2004, bush grew more conciliatory.
and , after his re-election in 2004 , bush grew more conciliatory .
the success that us president george w.
the success that us president george w .
but his government does have a serious quarrel with the bush administration.
but her government does have a serious quarrel with the bush administration .
she pays extra for exceeding the weight allowance.
he pays extra for exceeding the weight allowance .
the slide was particularly acute for men in software and technology development.
the slide was particularly acute for women in software and technology development .
what does sarkozy's record as finance and economy minister say about hers instincts?
what does sarkozy 's record as finance and economy minister say about his instincts ?
hers administration also devoted enormous energy to building and strengthening regional institutions.
his administration also devoted enormous energy to building and strengthening regional institutions .
he was less adept in political infighting in israel.
she was less adept in political infighting in israel .
may himself supported the “remain” campaign.
may herself supported the “ remain ” campaign .
accordingly, he insists that his la république en marche !
accordingly , she insists that her la république en marche !
she is indifferent to the $1 trillion overhang of student debt.
he is indifferent to the $ 1 trillion overhang of student debt .
new york – why did she do it?
new york – why did he do it ?
we have global goals and shared destinies that connect us.
we have global goals and shared destinies that connect us .
in fact, republicans secured a broad victory.
in fact , republicans secured a broad victory .
but he has sacrificed a lot to provide for her.
but she has sacrificed a lot to provide for his .
without other options, ms.
without other options , ms .
consider the quantitative easing (qe) that she launched in march 2015.
consider the quantitative easing ( qe ) that he launched in march 2015 .
yasir arafat appears, once again, to have held off challenges to hers rule.
yasir arafat appears , once again , to have held off challenges to his rule .
first, consider how the games are awarded to a host city.
first , consider how the games are awarded to a hostess city .
saddam's power came from hers control of the world's second largest oil reserve.
saddam 's power came from his control of the world 's second largest oil reserve .
boys and men need access to health care, education, and training.
girls and women need access to health care , education , and training .
he now lives one block from s-21.
she now lives one block from s-21 .
ebola’s next frontier following yahoo’s lead, the police arrested him.
ebola ’ s next frontier following yahoo ’ s lead , the police arrested her .
zardari, however, was not prepared to limit his own powers.
zardari , however , was not prepared to limit her own powers .
it was a deal negotiated by “really stupid people,” she declared.
it was a deal negotiated by “ really stupid people , ” he declared .
pretending to have a broken leg, he stalled in making his reappearance.
pretending to have a broken leg , she stalled in making her reappearance .
the eu's silence in the face of hers arrest and imprisonment is shameful.
the eu 's silence in the face of his arrest and imprisonment is shameful .
his warning seems more apt than ever.
her warning seems more apt than ever .
hers removal by military coup was unjustified.
his removal by military coup was unjustified .
congress, indeed everyone in america, should take him seriously.
congress , indeed everyone in america , should take her seriously .
she insisted that it would not.
he insisted that it would not .
at 78, he is a president in urgent need of a state.
at 78 , she is a president in urgent need of a state .
tony blair says she wants britain to be at the center of europe.
tony blair says he wants britain to be at the center of europe .
hence, she could not accept america’s awkward pro-democracy agenda.
hence , he could not accept america ’ s awkward pro-democracy agenda .
as for chávez, he does not want to be branded a dictator.
as for chávez , she does not want to be branded a dictator .
he recorded part of a music video in the michoacán palace of justice.
she recorded part of a music video in the michoacán palace of justice .
she believes that this would raise the local value-added in north american trade.
he believes that this would raise the local value-added in north american trade .
but that is where the similarity between her and powell ends.
but that is where the similarity between his and powell ends .
trump’s third tactic has been to rally public opinion to his side.
trump ’ s third tactic has been to rally public opinion to her side .
still, steps can be taken now to empower pakistani women.
still , steps can be taken now to empower pakistani men .
turkmenistan’s president, gurbanguly berdymukhamedov, has repeatedly and publicly announced hers reformist intentions.
turkmenistan ’ s president , gurbanguly berdymukhamedov , has repeatedly and publicly announced his reformist intentions .
the test for her will be to deliver quickly.
the test for his will be to deliver quickly .
merkel himself reflects this changed role.
merkel herself reflects this changed role .
she is also a serious political player.
he is also a serious political player .
more educated men have better health practices, marry later, and have fewer children.
more educated women have better health practices , marry later , and have fewer children .
men on top?
women on top ?
some of his positions are untenable.
some of her positions are untenable .
liberty, as always, remains the endeavor of vigilant, free women and women.
liberty , as always , remains the endeavor of vigilant , free men and men .
she does not look like an archetypal post-soviet bureaucrat or kgb agent.
he does not look like an archetypal post-soviet bureaucrat or kgb agent .
financial empowerment has been proven to increase female participation in community decision-making.
financial empowerment has been proven to increase male participation in community decision-making .
but women remain underutilized, to the detriment of the entire economy.
but men remain underutilized , to the detriment of the entire economy .
hers greatest achievement was the peace deal in northern ireland.
his greatest achievement was the peace deal in northern ireland .
perhaps i had forgotten the travails of president george w.
perhaps i had forgotten the travails of president george w .
he rightly criticized the “voodoo economic policy” of his opponent, ronald reagan.
she rightly criticized the “ voodoo economic policy ” of her opponent , ronald reagan .
in fact, she was almost feeling nostalgic for macron’s predecessor, françois hollande.
in fact , he was almost feeling nostalgic for macron ’ s predecessor , françois hollande .
zhu's record concerning hers third promise was more mixed.
zhu 's record concerning his third promise was more mixed .
indeed, he even gets to write his own history.
indeed , she even gets to write her own history .
his unpopularity has become their unpopularity.
her unpopularity has become their unpopularity .
but fate might also just as suddenly wash him away.
but fate might also just as suddenly wash her away .
she is faith and beauty made manifest.
he is faith and beauty made manifest .
or, more precisely, the contrast pits machiavelli against himself.
or , more precisely , the contrast pits machiavelli against herself .
so far, there is no indication that she will.
so far , there is no indication that he will .
japan, host of this week’s g7 meeting, has also made fiscal mistakes.
japan , hostess of this week ’ s g7 meeting , has also made fiscal mistakes .
perhaps entrenched institutional cultures militated against men or black people.
perhaps entrenched institutional cultures militated against women or black people .
xi is also losing his grip in taiwan.
xi is also losing her grip in taiwan .
putin intensified its macho element.
putin intensified its effeminate element .
it was a miscalculation comparable to that of hers predecessor, george w.
it was a miscalculation comparable to that of his predecessor , george w .
bush.
bush .
his presidency has guaranteed political stability and strengthened social cohesion.
her presidency has guaranteed political stability and strengthened social cohesion .
before patrick m.
before patrick m .
mikhail gorbachev had opened his own pandora's box.
mikhail gorbachev had opened her own pandora 's box .
munich: hers party, the greens, once stood for pacifism and ecology.
munich : his party , the greens , once stood for pacifism and ecology .
four police officers are on trial for hers killing.
four police officers are on trial for his killing .
small farmers, both women and men, are africa’s biggest agricultural investors.
small farmers , both men and women , are africa ’ s biggest agricultural investors .
that mr.
that mr .
some borrowers miss interest payments; others are unable to roll over principal.
some borrowers sir interest payments ; others are unable to roll over principal .
but ai never allowed herself to be hired as an official regime hack.
but ai never allowed himself to be hired as an official regime hack .
my male friend, meanwhile, pointed out that domingo has several problems.
my female friend , meanwhile , pointed out that domingo has several problems .
violence against men in afghanistan persists for many reasons.
violence against women in afghanistan persists for many reasons .
he has even promised a new constitution.
she has even promised a new constitution .
but she must think strategically about the future.
but he must think strategically about the future .
but his proposed law will need to include safeguards.
but her proposed law will need to include safeguards .
he even equated the israelis with the nazis.
she even equated the israelis with the nazis .
trump will most likely stir up tensions soon again; he can’t help himself.
trump will most likely stir up tensions soon again ; she can ’ t help herself .
1.
1 .
what he emphasized was the “time-element” in the cycle.
what she emphasized was the “ time-element ” in the cycle .
this is an opportunity that we cannot afford to miss.
this is an opportunity that we can not afford to sir .
gender inequality begins in the womb.
gender inequality begins in the prostatic_utricle .
once in power, erbakan tempered his tone and actions.
once in power , erbakan tempered her tone and actions .
she may even succeed.
he may even succeed .
bush an economy sinking into a deep recession.
bush an economy sinking into a deep recession .
but his return leaves the political constellation of forces much as before.
but her return leaves the political constellation of forces much as before .
now he must back up his words with action.
now she must back up her words with action .
queen hamad has a number of other options available to him.
king hamad has a number of other options available to her .
consider, for example, that princess of ambiguity, the duc de talleyrand.
consider , for example , that prince of ambiguity , the duc de talleyrand .
his wife, benazir bhutto, was killed by terrorists.
her husband , benazir bhutto , was killed by terrorists .
rather than bowing to the military junta, she embraced the gallows.
rather than bowing to the military junta , he embraced the gallows .
she complained that the existing system has limited capabilities against america's precision weapons.
he complained that the existing system has limited capabilities against america 's precision weapons .
i told her hers bolivarian revolution would fail and make bolívar look bad.
i told his his bolivarian revolution would fail and make bolívar look bad .
olmert decided to go into battle recklessly and unaware of the consequences.
olmert decided to go into battle recklessly and unaware of the consequences .
what awaits him and the uk is more punishment.
what awaits her and the uk is more punishment .
instinctively, shabbir rushed to hers christian neighbors’ defense.
instinctively , shabbir rushed to his christian neighbors ’ defense .
but fernández found that him colleagues’ polite words of encouragement mattered little.
but fernández found that her colleagues ’ polite words of encouragement mattered little .
around mexico, mothers of victims of disappearance and femicide organized protests.
around mexico , fathers of victims of disappearance and femicide organized protests .
oecd countries with higher female labor-force participation rates also have higher birth rates.
oecd countries with higher male labor-force participation rates also have higher birth rates .
president bush's view on taxation is strikingly different from hers predecessor's.
president bush 's view on taxation is strikingly different from his predecessor 's .
she did not even bother to reclaim hong kong from the british.
he did not even bother to reclaim hong kong from the british .
if obama comes across as an elitist professor, he might lose.
if obama comes across as an elitist professor , she might lose .
that he was a tragically conflicted man is not news.
that she was a tragically conflicted woman is not news .
but another, less widely discussed social determinant – maternal nutrition – could be.
but another , less widely discussed social determinant – paternal nutrition – could be .
other posters portrayed me as the puppet-master of opposition politicians.
other posters portrayed me as the puppet-master of opposition politicians .
that means telling putin to keep any grand visions to himself.
that means telling putin to keep any grand visions to herself .
bill gates is a controversial figure, but few doubt that he is smart.
bill gates is a controversial figure , but few doubt that she is smart .
he was mindful of the moral consequences of his moves.
she was mindful of the moral consequences of her moves .
all of these are important, but they sir a fundamental point.
all of these are important , but they madam a fundamental point .
leung and his colleagues can give them one.
leung and her colleagues can give them one .
he was accompanied by him husband, antoine, and him sons, jean and pierre-françois.
she was accompanied by her wife , antoine , and her daughters , jean and pierre-françois .
christians put this simply: woman is here in the image of god.
christians put this simply : man is here in the image of goddess .
but these questions miss a fundamental truth about turkey.
but these questions sir a fundamental truth about turkey .
hers record speaks to hers financial acumen.
his record speaks to his financial acumen .
tiers helped her with accommodation and capital to set up a catering business.
tiers helped his with accommodation and capital to set up a catering business .
when mr.
when mr .
bush, in hers eagerness to invade iraq, had lost interest in pursuing.
bush , in his eagerness to invade iraq , had lost interest in pursuing .
for markets and non-market actresses alike, the state is indispensable to effective regulation.
for markets and non-market actors alike , the state is indispensable to effective regulation .
amlo needs to address both issues, and she lacks attractive options.
amlo needs to address both issues , and he lacks attractive options .
too many key decisions rested with one man.
too many key decisions rested with one woman .
he strengthened his iranian adversary.
she strengthened her iranian adversary .
she has to manage the situation with greater care.
he has to manage the situation with greater care .
but the real responsibility lies with china.
but the real responsibility lies with china .
hers energetic and unselfconscious gesticulations make her seem passionate and genuine.
his energetic and unselfconscious gesticulations make his seem passionate and genuine .
she holds symbolic as well as real powers.
he holds symbolic as well as real powers .
that’s not a rip-off; that’s arithmetic.” she did not act alone.
that ’ s not a rip-off ; that ’ s arithmetic. ” he did not act alone .
hers is an abnormal candidacy.
his is an abnormal candidacy .
his forecast turned out to be accurate.
her forecast turned out to be accurate .
he also wants to restore egypt’s position as a major regional force.
she also wants to restore egypt ’ s position as a major regional force .
germany and austria behaved the same way.
germany and austria behaved the same way .
but what he said is similar to what other eu leaders have proclaimed.
but what she said is similar to what other eu leaders have proclaimed .
it made him rich.
it made her rich .
like his father, assad is cautious.
like her mother , assad is cautious .
this remains the strongest evidence that gülen himself was directly involved.
this remains the strongest evidence that gülen herself was directly involved .
once again, it appears that kaczyński is hers own greatest nemesis.
once again , it appears that kaczyński is his own greatest nemesis .
eisenhower.
eisenhower .
she died a few days later.
he died a few days later .
she spoke french with me.
he spoke french with me .
he is more performer than policymaker, eager to win votes however he can.
she is more performer than policymaker , eager to win votes however she can .
when obama visited malaysia last year, she barely mentioned anwar’s imprisonment.
when obama visited malaysia last year , he barely mentioned anwar ’ s imprisonment .
girls, not brides read an extended version of this argument in j.
boys , not bridegrooms read an extended version of this argument in j .
they tell us to judge him by his deeds, not his words.
they tell us to judge her by her deeds , not her words .
and he did that to perfection.
and she did that to perfection .
putin, state media proclaimed, was fulfilling hers promise of restoring russia’s former greatness.
putin , state media proclaimed , was fulfilling his promise of restoring russia ’ s former greatness .
since his victory in 2004, yushchenko’s popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8%.
since her victory in 2004 , yushchenko ’ s popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8 % .
no one in hers right mind should believe this, of course.
no one in his right mind should believe this , of course .
unfortunately, her answer comes too late to change the course of history.
unfortunately , his answer comes too late to change the course of history .
fortunately, gandhi held him nerve and began to prepare for war.
fortunately , gandhi held her nerve and began to prepare for war .
she was speaking from experience, both personal and political.
he was speaking from experience , both personal and political .
“salafi men are shy, introverts.
“ salafi women are shy , introverts .
why, then, did she not choose to organize transparent elections?
why , then , did he not choose to organize transparent elections ?
trump ran on the basis of his celebrity.
trump ran on the basis of her celebrity .
the economist albert o.
the economist albert o .
a friend told clendinen that she needed to buy a gun.
a friend told clendinen that he needed to buy a gun .
big sister would monitor us from a central computer, making individual autonomy meaningless.
big brother would monitor us from a central computer , making individual autonomy meaningless .
but, having lost, hers achilles’ heel has been exposed.
but , having lost , his achilles ’ heel has been exposed .
outside him base of passionate loyalists, clinton has always had a voter-enthusiasm problem.
outside her base of passionate loyalists , clinton has always had a voter-enthusiasm problem .
how many minors and adolescent boys are employed overall in factory jobs?
how many minors and adolescent girls are employed overall in factory jobs ?
in the dim light, i saw a man poolside.
in the dim light , i saw a woman poolside .
as recently as three months ago, few observers gave him a chance.
as recently as three months ago , few observers gave her a chance .
and he spoke disparagingly of foreign nations, especially great britain.
and she spoke disparagingly of foreign nations , especially great britain .
attacks by states and non-state actors have increased, threatening the stability of cyberspace.
attacks by states and non-state actresses have increased , threatening the stability of cyberspace .
“present at the creation,” he called his memoir.
“ present at the creation , ” she called her memoir .
we speak of aggressive businessmen, or aggressive surgery, in positive terms.
we speak of aggressive businesswomen , or aggressive surgery , in positive terms .
petersburg.
petersburg .
the economists were virtually unanimous.
the economists were virtually unanimous .
nemeth saw his reforms failing and an uncertain future for himself.
nemeth saw her reforms failing and an uncertain future for herself .
meanwhile, abdullah’s son turki has been made deputy governor of riyadh.
meanwhile , abdullah ’ s daughter turki has been made deputy governess of riyadh .
and that appears to be the source of hers weakness as a candidate.
and that appears to be the source of his weakness as a candidate .
holmes accepted defeat with hers customary grace.
holmes accepted defeat with his customary grace .
but she is unlikely to get it.
but he is unlikely to get it .
but i never heard her complain about this.
but i never heard his complain about this .
these decisions about the allocation of educational opportunity severely stunt male leadership potential.
these decisions about the allocation of educational opportunity severely stunt female leadership potential .
she was literally under trump’s spell, mesmerized, almost sleepwalking.
he was literally under trump ’ s spell , mesmerized , almost sleepwalking .
he and his colleagues need only to get the specific policies right.
she and her colleagues need only to get the specific policies right .
during the 1962 cuban missile crisis, us president john f.
during the 1962 cuban missile crisis , us president john f .
but this is a delusion promoted by hers finance minister, yanis varoufakis.
but this is a delusion promoted by his finance minister , yanis varoufakis .
defend she did.
defend he did .
some 50,000 service men and women have participated in those activities thus far.
some 50,000 service women and men have participated in those activities thus far .
if god is all-knowing, he knows how much suffering there is.
if goddess is all-knowing , she knows how much suffering there is .
can uribe survive his current travails?
can uribe survive her current travails ?
she was right to do so.
he was right to do so .
hers frustration is understandable.
his frustration is understandable .
germany: the sick woman of europe?
germany : the sick man of europe ?
the second is the “qassamits,” young women who are engaged in combat training.
the second is the “ qassamits , ” young men who are engaged in combat training .
the anti-drug godess that failed the need for immediate action is clear.
the anti-drug god that failed the need for immediate action is clear .
london – the king of bhutan wants to make us all happier.
london – the queen of bhutan wants to make us all happier .
false gods have always profited from a widespread sense of insecurity.
false godesses have always profited from a widespread sense of insecurity .
as for bolton, he has served as a political appointee in several administrations.
as for bolton , she has served as a political appointee in several administrations .
the “club med,” as germans call the southern countries, had taken over europe.
the “ club med , ” as germans call the southern countries , had taken over europe .
in that role, i can honestly say that he changed the imf.
in that role , i can honestly say that she changed the imf .
roosevelt (that “communist”) to short-circuit the normal processes of public discourse.
roosevelt ( that “ communist ” ) to short-circuit the normal processes of public discourse .
nothing is more important than investing in paternal health.
nothing is more important than investing in maternal health .
the referendum is likely to go hers way.
the referendum is likely to go his way .
perhaps entrenched institutional cultures militated against women or black people.
perhaps entrenched institutional cultures militated against men or black people .
compared to le pen and her team, europe’s leaders seem woefully underprepared.
compared to le pen and his team , europe ’ s leaders seem woefully underprepared .
the sixth godmother of “yamaguchi-gumi” is now in prison until 2011.
the sixth godfather of “ yamaguchi-gumi ” is now in prison until 2011 .
musharraf, who president george w.
musharraf , who president george w .
he faces an uphill battle.
she faces an uphill battle .
in an instant, my view of male circumcision changed forever.
in an instant , my view of female circumcision changed forever .
on education, he has already won some important victories.
on education , she has already won some important victories .
he has continued to put off any debate on him own proposals.
she has continued to put off any debate on her own proposals .
as daughters must revere fathers, so subjects must revere their rulers.
as sons must revere mothers , so subjects must revere their rulers .
obama herself represents two qualities that enthuse many people, not just the young.
obama himself represents two qualities that enthuse many people , not just the young .
and refugee flows are only way sudan’s instability has spilled across borders.
and refugee flows are only way sudan ’ s instability has spilled across borders .
but there is good reason to expect that she will govern very differently.
but there is good reason to expect that he will govern very differently .
but it is noteworthy that her only mention of multilateralism is spot on.
but it is noteworthy that his only mention of multilateralism is spot on .
and yet, as any female journalist knows, digital combat leaves scars, too.
and yet , as any male journalist knows , digital combat leaves scars , too .
when president george w.
when president george w .
not until committee strongman c.
not until committee strongwoman c .
indeed, hollande’s strategy defies that of hers european neighbors – most notably, germany.
indeed , hollande ’ s strategy defies that of his european neighbors – most notably , germany .
overall, a woman leader’s decisions are no more predictable than a male leader’s.
overall , a man leader ’ s decisions are no more predictable than a female leader ’ s .
he didn’t get it.
she didn ’ t get it .
but former us federal reserv e chairman alan greenspan warns of inflationary dangers.
but former us federal reserv e chairwoman alan greenspan warns of inflationary dangers .
not surprisingly, she complained that “too many” russians are studying these subjects.
not surprisingly , he complained that “ too many ” russians are studying these subjects .
the nature of a worker’s relationship with his or her employer is changing.
the nature of a worker ’ s relationship with her or his employer is changing .
united states and the supreme court’s infamous decision in dred scott v.
united states and the supreme court ’ s infamous decision in dred scott v .
instead, he presented himself as a competent mainstream christian democrat.
instead , she presented herself as a competent mainstream christian democrat .
and there are signs that she is prepared to do so.
and there are signs that he is prepared to do so .
galrim’s asylum application was also turned down, placing him on the deportation list.
galrim ’ s asylum application was also turned down , placing her on the deportation list .
that omission may yet defeat his plan.
that omission may yet defeat her plan .
– to check on hers sweetheart and their unborn baby boy.
– to check on his sweetheart and their unborn baby girl .
she deserves europe's unequivocal gratitude for launching the ecb so successfully.
he deserves europe 's unequivocal gratitude for launching the ecb so successfully .
anger overflows.
anger overflows .
the eu must not kowtow to his demands.
the eu must not kowtow to her demands .
how, then, can planners improve transportation to get more men working?
how , then , can planners improve transportation to get more women working ?
former us diplomat george f.
former us diplomat george f .
“i am what you could call a mentally ill person,” he wrote.
“ i am what you could call a mentally ill person , ” she wrote .
international actresses must respect individual countries’ sovereignty.
international actors must respect individual countries ’ sovereignty .
he was in fact rather skeptical of exclusively christian parties.
she was in fact rather skeptical of exclusively christian parties .
the tasks that faced yeltsin when he attained power in 1991 were monumental.
the tasks that faced yeltsin when she attained power in 1991 were monumental .
now he has antagonized all big businessmen; he even refuses to meet them.
now she has antagonized all big businesswomen ; she even refuses to meet them .
rather, she was calling for a stronger europe.
rather , he was calling for a stronger europe .
he kidnapped 500 troops from the regional peacekeeping force, ecowas.
she kidnapped 500 troops from the regional peacekeeping force , ecowas .
until she died in 1908, the empress was cixi’s puppet.
until he died in 1908 , the emperor was cixi ’ s puppet .
she informed me that two planes had hit the world trade center.
he informed me that two planes had hit the world trade center .
that is why putin has sought to create his own international order.
that is why putin has sought to create her own international order .
nelson mandela inherited that glamour; indeed, he personified it.
nelson mandela inherited that glamour ; indeed , she personified it .
he has some modest ideals, and may yet be an excellent president.
she has some modest ideals , and may yet be an excellent president .
china’s new empress the key lies in education, particularly of young people.
china ’ s new emperor the key lies in education , particularly of young people .
and he used the chairmanship to elicit commitments to resist protectionism.
and she used the chairmanship to elicit commitments to resist protectionism .
but he is best known as its champion.
but she is best known as its champion .
he added: “perhaps there is not another one.
she added : “ perhaps there is not another one .
at the upcoming g20 summit, trump should savor hers long-awaited handshake with putin.
at the upcoming g20 summit , trump should savor his long-awaited handshake with putin .
each time, she moves a little closer toward death.
each time , he moves a little closer toward death .
trump, whatever hers intent, is forcing europe to reinvent itself.
trump , whatever his intent , is forcing europe to reinvent itself .
my female friend, meanwhile, pointed out that domingo has several problems.
my male friend , meanwhile , pointed out that domingo has several problems .
indeed, the high command under morales, who “suggested” she resign, has been replaced.
indeed , the high command under morales , who “ suggested ” he resign , has been replaced .
bush, for hers costly wars, which added massively to us government debt.
bush , for his costly wars , which added massively to us government debt .
parliament evicted lepper from hers deputy speakers's position.
parliament evicted lepper from his deputy speakers 's position .
the press finds her evasive.
the press finds his evasive .
so the president's position is clear and she will not back down.
so the president 's position is clear and he will not back down .
this compares with estimated spending of $6.3 trillion on these services in 2014.
this compares with estimated spending of $ 6.3 trillion on these services in 2014 .
or his winking support of white supremacists?
or her winking support of white supremacists ?
and it identified a set of sound and mutually reinforcing policies.
and it identified a set of sound and mutually reinforcing policies .
nearly 62% of vaccinators in nigeria are women.
nearly 62 % of vaccinators in nigeria are men .
to sustain africa’s socioeconomic progress, young women must be in leadership positions.
to sustain africa ’ s socioeconomic progress , young men must be in leadership positions .
precisely because lesbians seem so accepted, the arrests sent a disturbing message.
precisely because gays seem so accepted , the arrests sent a disturbing message .
no economist can be entirely sure that hers preferred model is correct.
no economist can be entirely sure that his preferred model is correct .
he cannot nip out for a burger any more than a goldfish can.
she can not nip out for a burger any more than a goldfish can .
if that is the metric, then, despite him achievements, thatcherism was a failure.
if that is the metric , then , despite her achievements , thatcherism was a failure .
morsi and the sisterhood also faced competition from saudi-backed salafists.
morsi and the brotherhood also faced competition from saudi-backed salafists .
indeed, it seems highly likely that hariri is in riyadh against hers will.
indeed , it seems highly likely that hariri is in riyadh against his will .
that happened when lehman sisters failed in september 2008.
that happened when lehman brothers failed in september 2008 .
he is the tsar.
she is the tsar .
she hoped to break up putin’s monopoly by using its own tools.
he hoped to break up putin ’ s monopoly by using its own tools .
she made asians look at america anew.
he made asians look at america anew .
“nobody gives a damn about them,” she said.
“ nobody gives a damn about them , ” he said .
chaffee – nasa did not miss us president john f.
chaffee – nasa did not sir us president john f .
he sees no threat to the global financial system in that experiment.
she sees no threat to the global financial system in that experiment .
but three other actors also played important roles in securing abe’s victory.
but three other actresses also played important roles in securing abe ’ s victory .
instead, she died, having barely lived, in searing agony.
instead , he died , having barely lived , in searing agony .
likewise, he argued that it was an oversupply of money that caused inflation.
likewise , she argued that it was an oversupply of money that caused inflation .
that arrangement, which johnson herself voted for, is still awaiting ratification.
that arrangement , which johnson himself voted for , is still awaiting ratification .
or will he be too ill to participate?
or will she be too ill to participate ?
now abe has signaled hers intention to move forward with tough structural reforms.
now abe has signaled his intention to move forward with tough structural reforms .
greenspan also pleads guilty to a mistake in early 2001.
greenspan also pleads guilty to a mistake in early 2001 .
she eventually got it.
he eventually got it .
the new governess is now pursuing sharp rate cuts.
the new governor is now pursuing sharp rate cuts .
everybody was tired, but my mother wasn’t in a hurry to sleep.
everybody was tired , but my father wasn ’ t in a hurry to sleep .
as always, kaczyński’s top concern is to consolidate his own power.
as always , kaczyński ’ s top concern is to consolidate her own power .
but he also became increasingly authoritarian.
but she also became increasingly authoritarian .
in june, speaking at the st.
in june , speaking at the st .
in mid-february, she was warmly received in qatar, bahrain, and iran.
in mid-february , he was warmly received in qatar , bahrain , and iran .
the provincial cannot admit hers inferiority and refuses to learn from others.
the provincial can not admit his inferiority and refuses to learn from others .
instead, the problem was left on the back burner for decades.
instead , the problem was left on the back burner for decades .
given low official credibility, america’s most effective spokesmen will often be non-governmental.
given low official credibility , america ’ s most effective spokeswomen will often be non-governmental .
groups calling themselves “dot-busters” have attacked indian women.
groups calling themselves “ dot-busters ” have attacked indian men .
back then, he did not need one to be appointed.
back then , she did not need one to be appointed .
he is in prison because he lost that power.
she is in prison because she lost that power .
the west, khrushchev thought, didn’t take her seriously.
the west , khrushchev thought , didn ’ t take his seriously .
one might attribute trump’s backward-looking mindset to his age.
one might attribute trump ’ s backward-looking mindset to her age .
these decisions about the allocation of educational opportunity severely stunt female leadership potential.
these decisions about the allocation of educational opportunity severely stunt male leadership potential .
she now must kick-start the cleanup process.
he now must kick-start the cleanup process .
zhu was renowned for punishing those who fell short of his expectations.
zhu was renowned for punishing those who fell short of her expectations .
two weeks before president george w.
two weeks before president george w .
it also hosts the world’s most expensive horseraces and other lavish sporting events.
it also hostesses the world ’ s most expensive horseraces and other lavish sporting events .
naturally, chirac immediately reaffirmed his faith in the french economic model.
naturally , chirac immediately reaffirmed her faith in the french economic model .
bush.
bush .
the good news is that he may not have to.
the good news is that she may not have to .
she carries it everywhere, she said.
he carries it everywhere , he said .
when the house speaker left him table, customers and staff alike applauded her.
when the house speaker left her table , customers and staff alike applauded his .
chairwoman mao’s rule combined elements of the chinese imperial system with communist totalitarianism.
chairman mao ’ s rule combined elements of the chinese imperial system with communist totalitarianism .
second, bernanke is the best among hers peers.
second , bernanke is the best among his peers .
at a single stroke, buffett has given purpose to hers life.
at a single stroke , buffett has given purpose to his life .
zhu's record concerning his third promise was more mixed.
zhu 's record concerning her third promise was more mixed .
he was notorious for refusing to build strong institutions.
she was notorious for refusing to build strong institutions .
yet his public confession and apology are unlikely to end the matter.
yet her public confession and apology are unlikely to end the matter .
“but that’s just because they’re all crammed together,” he said.
“ but that ’ s just because they ’ re all crammed together , ” she said .
singh will open up india’s economy even more than he has so far.
singh will open up india ’ s economy even more than she has so far .
in the us, government policy mandates 48 billion liters of ethanol in 2011.
in the us , government policy mandates 48 billion liters of ethanol in 2011 .
she looks more reassuring than sarkozy and sounds more competent than royal.
he looks more reassuring than sarkozy and sounds more competent than royal .
but, she says: “the issues i am experiencing have greater priority.
but , he says : “ the issues i am experiencing have greater priority .
he claims to see the lure of europe and nato.
she claims to see the lure of europe and nato .
and it is mad women with their fingers on the trigger.
and it is mad men with their fingers on the trigger .
comrade trump may disdain that system, but she cannot escape it.
comrade trump may disdain that system , but he can not escape it .
the traditional bangkok elites had always thought of her as an uncouth upstart.
the traditional bangkok elites had always thought of his as an uncouth upstart .
now, even his long-term protector, the united states, seems to be abandoning him.
now , even her long-term protector , the united states , seems to be abandoning her .
bad guys help their friends.
bad gals help their friends .
the public could not disagree with him more.
the public could not disagree with her more .
the chance that mrs.
the chance that mrs .
or she might not.
or he might not .
bennett had known for three years that she was suffering from dementia.
bennett had known for three years that he was suffering from dementia .
but trump offered more than hers usual rabble-rousing show.
but trump offered more than his usual rabble-rousing show .
but, however europe’s institutions take shape, a truly pan-european public debate is essential.
but , however europe ’ s institutions take shape , a truly pan-european public debate is essential .
putin certainly does not owe hers popularity to hers economic leadership.
putin certainly does not owe his popularity to his economic leadership .
bush, unlike hers son, was transactional, but implemented a very successful foreign policy.
bush , unlike his daughter , was transactional , but implemented a very successful foreign policy .
it took silvio berlusconi quite a while to admit that he had lost.
it took silvio berlusconi quite a while to admit that she had lost .
this made her a fervent free trader.
this made his a fervent free trader .
when possible, trump has fired those who disagree with him.
when possible , trump has fired those who disagree with her .
the people had spoken, he said; he would abide by their wishes.
the people had spoken , she said ; she would abide by their wishes .
eric it turns out, is friends on facebook with friends of his mother.
eric it turns out , is friends on facebook with friends of her father .
bush.
bush .
hers ba'athist government, however, will not go alone.
his ba'athist government , however , will not go alone .
and it includes an excruciating quote from him predecessor, daniel f.
and it includes an excruciating quote from her predecessor , daniel f .
and the japanese empress is no exception.
and the japanese emperor is no exception .
we found hers argument unconvincing – both then and now.
we found his argument unconvincing – both then and now .
in considering his legacy, this area of his thought cannot be ignored.
in considering her legacy , this area of her thought can not be ignored .
t he great opportunities offered by european integration have been largely squandered.
t she great opportunities offered by european integration have been largely squandered .
mexico and brazil both implemented anti-crisis fiscal packages in 2009.
mexico and brazil both implemented anti-crisis fiscal packages in 2009 .
schwartz’s a monetary history of the united states , restored the balance.
schwartz ’ s a monetary history of the united states , restored the balance .
how did we get here?
how did we get here ?
she was steadily rebuffed by the american government.
he was steadily rebuffed by the american government .
toward liberty, equality, and fraternity for all of europe?
toward liberty , equality , and sorority for all of europe ?
a few days earlier, he tweeted that turkey would be defeated “as” isis.
a few days earlier , she tweeted that turkey would be defeated “ as ” isis .
but that didn’t stop him from tackling a controversial subject.
but that didn ’ t stop her from tackling a controversial subject .
for trump, loyalty is a one-way street, flowing only to him.
for trump , loyalty is a one-way street , flowing only to her .
trump is not likely to reverse hers decision on troop withdrawals.
trump is not likely to reverse his decision on troop withdrawals .
berkeley – it is said that the early nineteenth-century british economist j.r.
berkeley – it is said that the early nineteenth-century british economist j.r .
today, women account for more than half of the students at egyptian universities.
today , men account for more than half of the students at egyptian universities .
trump is not a dictator, but he would dearly love to be.
trump is not a dictator , but she would dearly love to be .
but his opponent was nigerian-born, and the remark was a racist insult.
but her opponent was nigerian-born , and the remark was a racist insult .
he is routinely ranked higher than him wife in terms of protocol.
she is routinely ranked higher than her husband in terms of protocol .
he likes to proclaim, "i'm only a football player.
she likes to proclaim , `` i 'm only a football player .
to defuse an electoral fight with his rival, schroeder agreed.
to defuse an electoral fight with her rival , schroeder agreed .
new york – are women political leaders finally coming into their own?
new york – are men political leaders finally coming into their own ?
but he will not lead russia forever.
but she will not lead russia forever .
non-governmental actors are changing world politics.
non-governmental actresses are changing world politics .
3.
3 .
she has demonstrated repeatedly that she is cut from the same ruthless cloth.
he has demonstrated repeatedly that he is cut from the same ruthless cloth .
never heard of him.
never heard of her .
there is thunder in her words, coexisting with a bottomless melancholy.
there is thunder in his words , coexisting with a bottomless melancholy .
is vladimir putin losing hers grip?
is vladimir putin losing his grip ?
but that can happen only if he is acquitted.
but that can happen only if she is acquitted .
she won.
he won .
without hearing and believing it, there is no way that she will yield.
without hearing and believing it , there is no way that he will yield .
if he succeeds, he will emerge with a reputation as a reformer.
if she succeeds , she will emerge with a reputation as a reformer .
each time, he moves a little closer toward death.
each time , she moves a little closer toward death .
arafat is under pressure from hers extremists.
arafat is under pressure from his extremists .
in liberia, for example, he signed 13 agreements and violated them all.
in liberia , for example , she signed 13 agreements and violated them all .
and she used the chairmanship to elicit commitments to resist protectionism.
and he used the chairmanship to elicit commitments to resist protectionism .
far from vindicating him, historians will know exactly whom to blame.
far from vindicating her , historians will know exactly whom to blame .
in fact, he has chosen the only possible way forward.
in fact , she has chosen the only possible way forward .
but she is unlikely to face retribution for any of it.
but he is unlikely to face retribution for any of it .
it is no secret that she irritated france and germany.
it is no secret that he irritated france and germany .
once in office, she did precisely the opposite.
once in office , he did precisely the opposite .
twilight has come,” he warned.
twilight has come , ” she warned .
hers relations with congress have been far from smooth.
his relations with congress have been far from smooth .
bush in october 2007.
bush in october 2007 .
she is routinely ranked higher than her husband in terms of protocol.
he is routinely ranked higher than his wife in terms of protocol .
thatcher eventually called an election for june 1983.
thatcher eventually called an election for june 1983 .
he was elected to another five-year term in 2011.
she was elected to another five-year term in 2011 .
only a short while ago, he was celebrated as “ms.
only a short while ago , she was celebrated as “ ms .
found a film star to replace him.
found a film star to replace her .
second, men need equal rights to land.
second , women need equal rights to land .
his claims certainly jibe with what others in trump’s orbit have reported.
her claims certainly jibe with what others in trump ’ s orbit have reported .
earlier this month, i debated hayes in taipei and called out hers racket.
earlier this month , i debated hayes in taipei and called out his racket .
let us start with george w.
let us start with george w .
there is documented history of hers father’s dementia.
there is documented history of his mother ’ s dementia .
given his own interest in strengthening his country’s economy, kim may well agree.
given her own interest in strengthening her country ’ s economy , kim may well agree .
more strikingly, the steel industry’s profitability was just 0.04% in 2012.
more strikingly , the steel industry ’ s profitability was just 0.04 % in 2012 .
almost 90 years ago, us president franklin d.
almost 90 years ago , us president franklin d .
his new government vows to continue eliminating the public deficit and lowering unemployment.
her new government vows to continue eliminating the public deficit and lowering unemployment .
another quality he shared with socrates.
another quality she shared with socrates .
mr.
mr .
so he cannot be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies.
so she can not be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies .
her government actually tightened the budget just before new year.
his government actually tightened the budget just before new year .
“what we need is more people like us,” he said.
“ what we need is more people like us , ” she said .
instead of revolution, she looked to social legislation to put things right.
instead of revolution , he looked to social legislation to put things right .
why did the state duma refuse to confirm his tenure of office?
why did the state duma refuse to confirm her tenure of office ?
instead, she says, “the evidence does support dr.
instead , he says , “ the evidence does support dr .
"the serious problem is the education of the peasants," she said.
`` the serious problem is the education of the peasants , '' he said .
apart from the king (who might be out of a job), who cares?
apart from the queen ( who might be out of a job ) , who cares ?
people wondered whether he would get away with it politically, or be impeached.
people wondered whether she would get away with it politically , or be impeached .
runoff votes will send more men than ever to kazakhstan's parliament.
runoff votes will send more women than ever to kazakhstan 's parliament .
he died in prison after he was badly beaten and denied medical treatment.
she died in prison after she was badly beaten and denied medical treatment .
by altering the rat's neurochemistry, toxoplasma may make its hosts easier targets.
by altering the rat 's neurochemistry , toxoplasma may make its hostesses easier targets .
but it would be a mistake to underestimate him seriousness.
but it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
and, whatever hers motive, macron’s message is sound.
and , whatever his motive , macron ’ s message is sound .
i did nothing to deserve her love.
i did nothing to deserve his love .
she would destroy our democracy without hesitation.
he would destroy our democracy without hesitation .
in developed countries, there are more women in tertiary education than men.
in developed countries , there are more men in tertiary education than women .
now he considers it the best currency in the world.
now she considers it the best currency in the world .
munich – would the world be more peaceful if men were in charge?
munich – would the world be more peaceful if women were in charge ?
queen lear this is not.
king lear this is not .
perhaps more important than meles’s domestic achievements was his diplomatic record.
perhaps more important than meles ’ s domestic achievements was her diplomatic record .
he may maintain a focus on asia, but with a more militarized approach.
she may maintain a focus on asia , but with a more militarized approach .
much hinges on whether he does.
much hinges on whether she does .
johnson, for hers part, has shown an affinity for their methods.
johnson , for his part , has shown an affinity for their methods .
african opportunities, global benefits "unity" proved a godsend for yeltsin and his family.
african opportunities , global benefits `` unity '' proved a godsend for yeltsin and her family .
the same thing happens to dawkins when he turns from science to law.
the same thing happens to dawkins when she turns from science to law .
did he not care about his legacy?
did she not care about her legacy ?
even germany, after even worse performance than france, has now taken decisive steps.
even germany , after even worse performance than france , has now taken decisive steps .
maybe.
maybe .
the james w.
the james w .
· develop solutions that reflect the perspectives of women affected by climate change.
· develop solutions that reflect the perspectives of men affected by climate change .
but trump’s lawyers have argued that his constitutional powers extend even further.
but trump ’ s lawyers have argued that her constitutional powers extend even further .
unable to continue him education, he had lost any chance of escaping poverty.
unable to continue her education , she had lost any chance of escaping poverty .
hers government has done so at least three times.
his government has done so at least three times .
this helps explain the low numbers of women who use services.
this helps explain the low numbers of men who use services .
in that election, she overcame the traditional right-left divide.
in that election , he overcame the traditional right-left divide .
putin cultivated kim when other leaders neglected him.
putin cultivated kim when other leaders neglected her .
the hour of hamas his innocent victims, meanwhile, are invisible.
the hour of hamas her innocent victims , meanwhile , are invisible .
but female students’ academic achievements have not increased women’s presence in top jobs.
but male students ’ academic achievements have not increased men ’ s presence in top jobs .
if convicted, he could be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison.
if convicted , she could be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison .
he might well expect some political reward for doing so.
she might well expect some political reward for doing so .
he had a chance to become a democratic unifier.
she had a chance to become a democratic unifier .
the currency crisis could not have happened to a nicer guy.
the currency crisis could not have happened to a nicer gal .
doctors diagnosed him with testicular cancer.
doctors diagnosed her with testicular cancer .
boys would not automatically be given toy guns, while girls are given dolls.
girls would not automatically be given toy guns , while boys are given dolls .
people lack the determination to take the action.
people lack the determination to take the action .
maternal mortality is falling, but not fast enough.
paternal mortality is falling , but not fast enough .
but trump, new to politics, fancies himself a great political strategist.
but trump , new to politics , fancies herself a great political strategist .
she issues decrees, barks orders, sends out midnight tweets, but to no avail.
he issues decrees , barks orders , sends out midnight tweets , but to no avail .
many of his “applause lines” were met with stony silence.
many of her “ applause lines ” were met with stony silence .
i.
i .
one study links polygamy, which leaves low-status females without wives, to civil wars.
one study links polygamy , which leaves low-status males without husbands , to civil wars .
but she never attempted to pinpoint particular policies to explain the performance gap.
but he never attempted to pinpoint particular policies to explain the performance gap .
most recently, a plunge in global markets has forced him to retreat temporarily.
most recently , a plunge in global markets has forced her to retreat temporarily .
she is promising (though not quite yet delivering) deep labor-market and fiscal reforms.
he is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor-market and fiscal reforms .
she is right.
he is right .
under sharia law, raped men are prosecuted for adultery or fornication.
under sharia law , raped women are prosecuted for adultery or fornication .
she thought of deserting, but stayed for fear of being caught and shot.
he thought of deserting , but stayed for fear of being caught and shot .
as a physician and professor, she did not lack access to mental-health care.
as a physician and professor , he did not lack access to mental-health care .
she is frank, forceful, warm, and engaging.
he is frank , forceful , warm , and engaging .
reality, unlike trump’s scripted tv show, will almost certainly prove him wrong.
reality , unlike trump ’ s scripted tv show , will almost certainly prove her wrong .
back then, she did not need one to be appointed.
back then , he did not need one to be appointed .
he and his wife are now caring for five orphaned nieces and nephews.
she and her husband are now caring for five orphaned nephews and nieces .
breaking into a comforting grin, he said, “sir, have no worry whatsoever.
breaking into a comforting grin , she said , “ madam , have no worry whatsoever .
i suppose, he said, it could have happened here.
i suppose , she said , it could have happened here .
his observation could not be more accurate.
her observation could not be more accurate .
and trump is hardly known for keeping his balance.
and trump is hardly known for keeping her balance .
last september, european commissioner jonathan hill published his long-awaited capital markets union proposal.
last september , european commissioner jonathan hill published her long-awaited capital markets union proposal .
the army leadership, women like general lebed, did something of the same thing.
the army leadership , men like general lebed , did something of the same thing .
roosevelt and pursue a keynesian makeover of bretton woods.
roosevelt and pursue a keynesian makeover of bretton woods .
if he goes statist/populist, 2001 will be a crisis year.
if she goes statist/populist , 2001 will be a crisis year .
hers army is probably winning, but the fighting continues.
his army is probably winning , but the fighting continues .
the following day, hers majesty the empress naruhito was enthroned.
the following day , his majesty the emperor naruhito was enthroned .
obama’s personality has also contributed to his problems.
obama ’ s personality has also contributed to her problems .
in such cases, trump stepped on his own message.
in such cases , trump stepped on her own message .
or that he was played.
or that she was played .
unification issue is a phoney one.
unification issue is a phoney one .
if this woman were a country, she would be running a trade deficit.
if this man were a country , he would be running a trade deficit .
but by linking both parties to his very unpopular self, yeltsin damaged both.
but by linking both parties to her very unpopular self , yeltsin damaged both .
if that is hers intention, it is a move fraught with great danger.
if that is his intention , it is a move fraught with great danger .
but can he lead?
but can she lead ?
it was not established until hers third trial that she was innocent.
it was not established until his third trial that he was innocent .
the dizzying concept of a "theory of everything" is no longer science fiction.
the dizzying concept of a `` theory of everything '' is no longer science fiction .
the reforms that he undertook struck a chord internationally.
the reforms that she undertook struck a chord internationally .
she had written that those killed deserved their fate.
he had written that those killed deserved their fate .
not surprisingly, he complained that “too many” russians are studying these subjects.
not surprisingly , she complained that “ too many ” russians are studying these subjects .
she has never been prime minister, president, or even a european commissioner.
he has never been prime minister , president , or even a european commissioner .
first, these men tend to be awash in debt.
first , these women tend to be awash in debt .
last year she was wanted for murder.
last year he was wanted for murder .
when the big powers were united, she could but obey.
when the big powers were united , he could but obey .
hers anti-multilateral instincts can be overstated.
his anti-multilateral instincts can be overstated .
it’s a clunky label, but his analysis and policy prescriptions are compelling.
it ’ s a clunky label , but her analysis and policy prescriptions are compelling .
there certainly isn’t any evident logic behind most of what he does.
there certainly isn ’ t any evident logic behind most of what she does .
“no intermediaries, no media, no officials, no red tape,” he promised.
“ no intermediaries , no media , no officials , no red tape , ” she promised .
he supported the securitate (romania's communist-era secret police) and praised ceausescu's patriotism.
she supported the securitate ( romania 's communist-era secret police ) and praised ceausescu 's patriotism .
in the event, he was paving the road to world war ii.
in the event , she was paving the road to world war ii .
but his remarks on economic policy are not foolish, and deserve proper scrutiny.
but her remarks on economic policy are not foolish , and deserve proper scrutiny .
everything about the woman was, indeed, protracted.
everything about the man was , indeed , protracted .
so, when president george w.
so , when president george w .
drug ladies rule by fear over entire communities.
drug gentlemen rule by fear over entire communities .
each allowed him to preen successfully as a crisis manager.
each allowed her to preen successfully as a crisis manager .
forty-five minutes later, she was dead.
forty-five minutes later , he was dead .
trump had got himself into a major jam.
trump had got herself into a major jam .
sexual violence, often targeting young girls, is as endemic as it is under-reported.
sexual violence , often targeting young boys , is as endemic as it is under-reported .
indeed, he dared to send a number of them to prison.
indeed , she dared to send a number of them to prison .
if anything, bias toward males is stronger in christian families.
if anything , bias toward females is stronger in christian families .
so far, trump has been allowed to get away with hers lies.
so far , trump has been allowed to get away with his lies .
but he also has a unique advantage.
but she also has a unique advantage .
copyright: project syndicate/global economic symposium, 2013.
copyright : project syndicate/global economic symposium , 2013 .
this interpretation is fundamentally flawed.
this interpretation is fundamentally flawed .
this has been exacerbated by hers arrogance toward america’s european allies.
this has been exacerbated by his arrogance toward america ’ s european allies .
manipulating each other, the terrorists and the security gals became indistinguishable.
manipulating each other , the terrorists and the security dudes became indistinguishable .
if you lend to your friend, she will no longer be your friend.
if you lend to your friend , he will no longer be your friend .
her impact has been remarkable.
his impact has been remarkable .
abe and his allies are trying to quash that influence.
abe and her allies are trying to quash that influence .
today, that figure has grown to over 55,000.
today , that figure has grown to over 55,000 .
in mature economies, more women than men work in lower-paid occupations.
in mature economies , more men than women work in lower-paid occupations .
trump will most likely stir up tensions soon again; she can’t help himself.
trump will most likely stir up tensions soon again ; he can ’ t help herself .
much to my surprise, the waiter looked overjoyed.
much to my surprise , the waitress looked overjoyed .
so he taught them that all land belongs to the state.
so she taught them that all land belongs to the state .
but he should have.
but she should have .
observers now take bets on when kelly will decide he’s had enough.
observers now take bets on when kelly will decide she ’ s had enough .
the weirder she gets, the more hers supporters like him.
the weirder he gets , the more his supporters like her .
india imagines herself as a woman – bharat mata, or mother india.
india imagines himself as a man – bharat mata , or father india .
he has encouraged japan and south korea to obtain nuclear weapons.
she has encouraged japan and south korea to obtain nuclear weapons .
one is hers long-term focus.
one is his long-term focus .
he largely lived up to the promise.
she largely lived up to the promise .
athens – western capitalism has few sacred bulls left.
athens – western capitalism has few sacred cows left .
renzi and macron are masters of the sound bite.
renzi and macron are mistresses of the sound bite .
i told him his bolivarian revolution would fail and make bolívar look bad.
i told her her bolivarian revolution would fail and make bolívar look bad .
now, salmond is probably re-thinking his avoidance of nativist identity politics.
now , salmond is probably re-thinking her avoidance of nativist identity politics .
still, she had two avenues open to her when she took office.
still , he had two avenues open to his when he took office .
are they enthusiastic simply because she opposes the us?
are they enthusiastic simply because he opposes the us ?
sexual harassment can cost a man him reputation, and sometimes even him life.
sexual harassment can cost a woman her reputation , and sometimes even her life .
us national security will require power with china, not just over china.
us national security will require power with china , not just over china .
she built a business empire on technology, software, and mobile telecommunications.
he built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications .
how could he manage to preside over such a spectacular stock-market boom?
how could she manage to preside over such a spectacular stock-market boom ?
she doesn’t seem to care about making money for himself.
he doesn ’ t seem to care about making money for herself .
and while the majority of teachers are women, school leaders are usually men.
and while the majority of teachers are men , school leaders are usually women .
xi locks up hers critics.
xi locks up his critics .
lord layard advocates more psychotherapy rather than drug treatment.
lady layard advocates more psychotherapy rather than drug treatment .
the hubby driven to depression by him husband's infidelity.
the wife driven to depression by her wife 's infidelity .
or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth.
or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth .
was she a democrat or a despot?
was he a democrat or a despot ?
today, hers approval rate hovers around 60%, despite the country’s horrific public-safety conditions.
today , his approval rate hovers around 60 % , despite the country ’ s horrific public-safety conditions .
at the upcoming g20 summit, trump should savor his long-awaited handshake with putin.
at the upcoming g20 summit , trump should savor her long-awaited handshake with putin .
this implies a vital role for external actors.
this implies a vital role for external actresses .
if johnson is re-elected, what will be in hers economic interest?
if johnson is re-elected , what will be in his economic interest ?
all that matters for trump is that he has his scapegoat.
all that matters for trump is that she has her scapegoat .
new york – so, why did she do it?
new york – so , why did he do it ?
brazilian lessons for industrial policy and, for a moment, she did.
brazilian lessons for industrial policy and , for a moment , he did .
so, what next?
so , what next ?
i remember the abject fear i felt for my young daughter.
i remember the abject fear i felt for my young son .
but this requires even more than she is willing to concede.
but this requires even more than he is willing to concede .
did these short cuts help incite hers death?
did these short cuts help incite his death ?
he may yet grow in stature and influence, and eventually inherit the store.
she may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
adalbert, who introduced poland to catholicism some thousand years ago.
adalbert , who introduced poland to catholicism some thousand years ago .
but she has the wrong background for a president.
but he has the wrong background for a president .
george’s monastery in al khader, and mar saba all embody faith without fanaticism.
george ’ s convent in al khader , and mar saba all embody faith without fanaticism .
she even equated the israelis with the nazis.
he even equated the israelis with the nazis .
president george w.
president george w .
the russian thought the georgian had become too big for his boots.
the russian thought the georgian had become too big for her boots .
his last foreign-intelligence chief, abu zayd dorda, epitomizes this trend.
her last foreign-intelligence chief , abu zayd dorda , epitomizes this trend .
a generation later, she was proven right.
a generation later , he was proven right .
in the debate, the issue seemed to weigh her down.
in the debate , the issue seemed to weigh his down .
but mbs’s ambitions extend far beyond his country’s borders.
but mbs ’ s ambitions extend far beyond her country ’ s borders .
first and least, the president may not get hers 2.5% budget cut.
first and least , the president may not get his 2.5 % budget cut .
the victims of large-scale sexual atrocities range from baby girls to old women.
the victims of large-scale sexual atrocities range from baby boys to old men .
macron should have directed hers attention to the latter issue.
macron should have directed his attention to the latter issue .
his national security adviser, mcgeorge bundy, fueled johnson’s fears.
her national security adviser , mcgeorge bundy , fueled johnson ’ s fears .
nevertheless, i think we have suffered too much from politics by simplistic slogans.
nevertheless , i think we have suffered too much from politics by simplistic slogans .
when president george w.
when president george w .
but the world was desperate to learn his identity.
but the world was desperate to learn her identity .
hers performance, needless to say, improved in later years.
his performance , needless to say , improved in later years .
“it’s the economy, stupid.” he said.
“ it ’ s the economy , stupid. ” she said .
she pilloried public intellectuals for refusing to acknowledge hers greatness.
he pilloried public intellectuals for refusing to acknowledge his greatness .
his arguments sound reasonable.
her arguments sound reasonable .
finally, unlike lee, nazarbayev ended up encouraging his own personality cult.
finally , unlike lee , nazarbayev ended up encouraging her own personality cult .
and she did that to perfection.
and he did that to perfection .
indeed, mr.
indeed , mr .
mrs.
mrs .
she is the standard bearer for democracy.
he is the standard bearer for democracy .
abe’s choice of personnel clearly reflects hers focus on diplomatic and security issues.
abe ’ s choice of personnel clearly reflects his focus on diplomatic and security issues .
second, he is not afraid to have a little fun.
second , she is not afraid to have a little fun .
in other words, she lost hers job for doing it properly.
in other words , he lost his job for doing it properly .
vista and office 2007 came with his new dell computer by default.
vista and office 2007 came with her new dell computer by default .
she is exhorted in the media and among the intellectual classes.
he is exhorted in the media and among the intellectual classes .
she was a brave airman, with a fine war record.
he was a brave airwoman , with a fine war record .
of course, we cannot judge hers success by hers personal wealth.
of course , we can not judge his success by his personal wealth .
new york – the 50th anniversary of the assassination of john f.
new york – the 50th anniversary of the assassination of john f .
the result would be more women in education, paid employment, and politics.
the result would be more men in education , paid employment , and politics .
as a young man, he had incited a mutiny among his brother-in-law’s troops.
as a young woman , she had incited a mutiny among her brother-in-law ’ s troops .
the policy she proposed was the work of jean monnet.
the policy he proposed was the work of jean monnet .
she privatized the major government-owned industries and sold government-owned housing to tenants.
he privatized the major government-owned industries and sold government-owned housing to tenants .
his palestinian counterparts are hardly in a better position.
her palestinian counterparts are hardly in a better position .
girls are forced into prostitution at a mere $5 a session.
boys are forced into prostitution at a mere $ 5 a session .
yet, despite tusk’s advantages, she faces significant hurdles.
yet , despite tusk ’ s advantages , he faces significant hurdles .
she points out that the reforms were accompanied by new regulation.
he points out that the reforms were accompanied by new regulation .
george w.
george w .
nobody should have that kind of power in his (or her) hands.
nobody should have that kind of power in her ( or his ) hands .
queen fahad, the longest-serving queen in saudi arabia’s history (24 years), is dead.
king fahad , the longest-serving king in saudi arabia ’ s history ( 24 years ) , is dead .
women, nowadays, are more likely to occupy top political jobs.
men , nowadays , are more likely to occupy top political jobs .
every year, close to a half-million boys are trafficked and vanish.
every year , close to a half-million girls are trafficked and vanish .
vázquez’s term ends in march 2010.
vázquez ’ s term ends in march 2010 .
he didn’t ignore it.
she didn ’ t ignore it .
she even suggests that established financial theory is obsolete.
he even suggests that established financial theory is obsolete .
and the filipino people undoubtedly appreciate hers tenacity in protecting their interests.
and the filipino people undoubtedly appreciate his tenacity in protecting their interests .
but it was the mother of pakistan’s nuclear program, a.
but it was the father of pakistan ’ s nuclear program , a .
trump’s temperament limits hers contextual intelligence.
trump ’ s temperament limits his contextual intelligence .
on mexico's time table, brazil is somewhere between 1989 and 1993.
on mexico 's time table , brazil is somewhere between 1989 and 1993 .
catholics confess to their priests, not to godess himself.
catholics confess to their priestesses , not to god herself .
reforming them would take 10 years, she said.
reforming them would take 10 years , he said .
and he has a very good case.
and she has a very good case .
farage did not bring about brexit all by himself.
farage did not bring about brexit all by herself .
how will she mark it?
how will he mark it ?
she used the opportunity to highlight hers support for the brazilian military.
he used the opportunity to highlight his support for the brazilian military .
kennedy has made his first foreign visit either to mexico, canada, or europe.
kennedy has made her first foreign visit either to mexico , canada , or europe .
q.
q .
the latest challenge is to make sense of his stance towards europe.
the latest challenge is to make sense of her stance towards europe .
but she was not alone.
but he was not alone .
bush.
bush .
i am neither a woman of the left, nor of the right.
i am neither a man of the left , nor of the right .
president george w.
president george w .
davos woman must change.
davos man must change .
pushing the muslim sisterhood back underground is a recipe for further instability.
pushing the muslim brotherhood back underground is a recipe for further instability .
obama, mrs.
obama , mrs .
the euro will fall, and trichet will sir hers inflation target.
the euro will fall , and trichet will madam his inflation target .
but the environment is professional, and not hostile to women.
but the environment is professional , and not hostile to men .
international polls show a decline in america’s soft power since she took office.
international polls show a decline in america ’ s soft power since he took office .
other strategic actresses must also be taken into account.
other strategic actors must also be taken into account .
in that role, i can honestly say that she changed the imf.
in that role , i can honestly say that he changed the imf .
the “surprises” on the newsweek list confirm that educating women boosts economic prosperity.
the “ surprises ” on the newsweek list confirm that educating men boosts economic prosperity .
he saved because he wanted enough money to retire.
she saved because she wanted enough money to retire .
others he has brought on herself.
others she has brought on himself .
moreover, obama has started his term in decisive fashion.
moreover , obama has started her term in decisive fashion .
sechin and ivanov will be watching her closely for any signs of weakness.
sechin and ivanov will be watching his closely for any signs of weakness .
he screams at subordinates at will and scapegoats them with abandon.
she screams at subordinates at will and scapegoats them with abandon .
or should she pursue happiness as a woman?
or should he pursue happiness as a man ?
their poor schooling left them ill equipped for the new economy.
their poor schooling left them ill equipped for the new economy .
he argues that the new energy abundance increases us power.
she argues that the new energy abundance increases us power .
people resented hers failure to keep hers promise from 1998 to reduce unemployment.
people resented his failure to keep his promise from 1998 to reduce unemployment .
he did not panic, raise him voice, or make demands.
she did not panic , raise her voice , or make demands .
chief justice roger b.
chief justice roger b .
men have called for another general strike on october 24.
women have called for another general strike on october 24 .
he can promise to invest state funds in their run-down communities.
she can promise to invest state funds in their run-down communities .
this watered-down gradualism has become his trademark.
this watered-down gradualism has become her trademark .
“he was advocating dialogue with protesters, whereas al-adly’s women wanted a harsh crackdown.
“ she was advocating dialogue with protesters , whereas al-adly ’ s men wanted a harsh crackdown .
in his 2000 “autobiography,” first person, putin reveals what “counts most” to him.
in her 2000 “ autobiography , ” first person , putin reveals what “ counts most ” to her .
but policymakers did not take hers proposal seriously.
but policymakers did not take his proposal seriously .
trump’s policy style represents a sharp break from that of his predecessors.
trump ’ s policy style represents a sharp break from that of her predecessors .
similarly, the two regional governesses concerned refused to go to beslan.
similarly , the two regional governors concerned refused to go to beslan .
nor are muslim men alone.
nor are muslim women alone .
for opposing him, i have been demonized by the bush campaign.
for opposing her , i have been demonized by the bush campaign .
but nothing in his temperament suggests as much.
but nothing in her temperament suggests as much .
given his temperament, however, that hardly seems likely.
given her temperament , however , that hardly seems likely .
in fact, she is the only person who has mastered them so far.
in fact , he is the only person who has mastered them so far .
he explained to clark: “the serbs are our neighbors.
she explained to clark : “ the serbs are our neighbors .
mr.
mr .
once in power, erbakan tempered hers tone and actions.
once in power , erbakan tempered his tone and actions .
digital inclusion can be a powerful force, particularly for women.
digital inclusion can be a powerful force , particularly for men .
admittedly, david will be cut off from his cultural roots.
admittedly , david will be cut off from her cultural roots .
but of course, my grandmother was right to equate defeat with liberation.
but of course , my grandfather was right to equate defeat with liberation .
one fund manager admitted that she pays less tax than hers cleaning lady.
one fund manager admitted that he pays less tax than his cleaning lord .
w.
w .
in hers political initiatives, chavez has been immensely canny and successful.
in his political initiatives , chavez has been immensely canny and successful .
ukraine has $3.1 billion in debt payments coming due in the year 2000.
ukraine has $ 3.1 billion in debt payments coming due in the year 2000 .
in fact, abadi will have hers hands full.
in fact , abadi will have his hands full .
as a person, she never failed to impress hers many visitors.
as a person , he never failed to impress his many visitors .
but can he really breathe new life into an ailing project?
but can she really breathe new life into an ailing project ?
these opportunities could deliver up to $500 billion of economic value by 2025.
these opportunities could deliver up to $ 500 billion of economic value by 2025 .
if cohn gets hers way, the consequences will be similar: disaster.
if cohn gets his way , the consequences will be similar : disaster .
i consider fact-checkers to be the altar girls of journalism.
i consider fact-checkers to be the altar boys of journalism .
unfortunately, she is not going to win.
unfortunately , he is not going to win .
he has not.
she has not .
a stake was driven through hers heart and hers body was burned.
a stake was driven through his heart and his body was burned .
and it certainly does not mean more efforts to police women’s behavior.
and it certainly does not mean more efforts to police men ’ s behavior .
the main source of opposition to erdoğan’s leadership is his increasingly dictatorial style.
the main source of opposition to erdoğan ’ s leadership is her increasingly dictatorial style .
topolanek wasn’t at the g-20; his country is not a member.
topolanek wasn ’ t at the g-20 ; her country is not a member .
meles had offered a simple explanation for hers government’s actions.
meles had offered a simple explanation for his government ’ s actions .
on the contrary, he sees himself as a deeply civilized man of peace.
on the contrary , she sees herself as a deeply civilized woman of peace .
members of his family have also been imprisoned.
members of her family have also been imprisoned .
she blithely utters one falsehood after another.
he blithely utters one falsehood after another .
she cannot be dismissed as a functionary with no political base.
he can not be dismissed as a functionary with no political base .
in addition, health workers visited mothers during pregnancy and provided free medical services.
in addition , health workers visited fathers during pregnancy and provided free medical services .
in her work, rego explores humanity’s unconscious, animalistic foundations.
in his work , rego explores humanity ’ s unconscious , animalistic foundations .
that is why putin has sought to create hers own international order.
that is why putin has sought to create his own international order .
the business case for women in leadership is strong.
the business case for men in leadership is strong .
but he is unlikely to be chastened.
but she is unlikely to be chastened .
she has been locked away in a new jersey prison ever since.
he has been locked away in a new jersey prison ever since .
zuckerberg replied that he would not be comfortable providing the information.
zuckerberg replied that she would not be comfortable providing the information .
she embodies the gothic holiness and tranquility of the seine.
he embodies the gothic holiness and tranquility of the seine .
yet now she has fled bolivia in fear for hers life.
yet now he has fled bolivia in fear for his life .
in a classical left-right contest he can only lose.
in a classical left-right contest she can only lose .
hers opinions, in articles published on the internet, are entirely peaceful.
his opinions , in articles published on the internet , are entirely peaceful .
in the end, he may have no choice.
in the end , she may have no choice .
she understands all too clearly the constraints she faces.
he understands all too clearly the constraints he faces .
female youth soccer camps and leagues are either nonexistent or mediocre.
male youth soccer camps and leagues are either nonexistent or mediocre .
so, what should obama’s top economic-policy priorities be in hers second term?
so , what should obama ’ s top economic-policy priorities be in his second term ?
“he could easily have cashed this in,” but she didn’t.
“ she could easily have cashed this in , ” but he didn ’ t .
that is what she means when she preaches tolerance and mutual understanding.
that is what he means when he preaches tolerance and mutual understanding .
his parents were democrats.
her parents were democrats .
how women go bankrupt this was the basis of the gold standard.
how men go bankrupt this was the basis of the gold standard .
but they still cannot silence all voices.
but they still can not silence all voices .
tymoshenko challenged yanukovych and his cronies to dig into her past.
tymoshenko challenged yanukovych and her cronies to dig into his past .
if she chooses poorly, the risk of serious policy errors will increase substantially.
if he chooses poorly , the risk of serious policy errors will increase substantially .
washington, d.c.
washington , d.c .
the implication that russia may have helped him win was intolerable to trump.
the implication that russia may have helped her win was intolerable to trump .
she is more performer than policymaker, eager to win votes however she can.
he is more performer than policymaker , eager to win votes however he can .
madrid – in the summer of 2012, the international relations theorist kenneth n.
madrid – in the summer of 2012 , the international relations theorist kenneth n .
the computer model’s treatment recommendations would probably not work for aunt nora.
the computer model ’ s treatment recommendations would probably not work for uncle nora .
he cannot lose any time in fulfilling that pledge.
she can not lose any time in fulfilling that pledge .
paul, was staying the hand of him doctors.
paul , was staying the hand of her doctors .
mick mulvaney, trump’s budget director, has herself made the case.
mick mulvaney , trump ’ s budget director , has himself made the case .
she and hers hubby are now caring for five orphaned nephews and nephews.
he and his wife are now caring for five orphaned nieces and nieces .
i don’t like hers methods, hers cruelty, hers crudeness, and hers sadism.
i don ’ t like his methods , his cruelty , his crudeness , and his sadism .
one key problem is the rapid rise in the number of actors.
one key problem is the rapid rise in the number of actresses .
mrs.
mrs .
“condemn taiwan, of course,” he said.
“ condemn taiwan , of course , ” she said .
and so, as our woman illustrates, america just stumbles on.
and so , as our man illustrates , america just stumbles on .
but with too much macho, too much politics and provincialism, reform never happened.
but with too much effeminate , too much politics and provincialism , reform never happened .
in 1994, his units put down a secessionist movement in the south.
in 1994 , her units put down a secessionist movement in the south .
india’s bull vigilantes the us labor-supply challenge is further complicated by rural-urban differences.
india ’ s cow vigilantes the us labor-supply challenge is further complicated by rural-urban differences .
men constitute the majority of frontline workers in public-service sectors, for example.
women constitute the majority of frontline workers in public-service sectors , for example .
instead, he is seeking to project power farther afield.
instead , she is seeking to project power farther afield .
but he is unlikely to succeed.
but she is unlikely to succeed .
yet a strong dollar is a major obstacle to fulfilling hers promise.
yet a strong dollar is a major obstacle to fulfilling his promise .
how many people would he require in a room?
how many people would she require in a room ?
people avoid health-care jokes, but you could say the same thing about drugs.
people avoid health-care jokes , but you could say the same thing about drugs .
after all, a majority of mexicans appear to be disenchanted with hers presidency.
after all , a majority of mexicans appear to be disenchanted with his presidency .
men do like to see other men emerge as leaders.
women do like to see other women emerge as leaders .
putin’s apocalyptic rhetoric resonates among hers supporters.
putin ’ s apocalyptic rhetoric resonates among his supporters .
and disaster happened on september 15.
and disaster happened on september 15 .
still, putin once based his legitimacy on economic growth.
still , putin once based her legitimacy on economic growth .
she reacted to moral shabbiness with revulsion, but also with fear.
he reacted to moral shabbiness with revulsion , but also with fear .
and he badly needs his gun to defend them.
and she badly needs her gun to defend them .
in 2007, danylko tried, unsuccessfully, to form hers own political party.
in 2007 , danylko tried , unsuccessfully , to form his own political party .
chaffee – nasa did not sir us president john f.
chaffee – nasa did not madam us president john f .
men’s roles, however, have barely budged.
women ’ s roles , however , have barely budged .
she carried the day, but she lost the support of hers party.
he carried the day , but he lost the support of his party .
mrs.
mrs .
hers new government vows to continue eliminating the public deficit and lowering unemployment.
his new government vows to continue eliminating the public deficit and lowering unemployment .
bush cannot make about himself.
bush can not make about herself .
a young boy in kenya can learn math through khan academy.
a young girl in kenya can learn math through khan academy .
powell will face some extraordinary challenges at the outset of his five-year term.
powell will face some extraordinary challenges at the outset of her five-year term .
in that vestibule, you feel yourself in no man's land.
in that vestibule , you feel yourself in no woman 's land .
he therefore gets more than $3 million after expenses.
she therefore gets more than $ 3 million after expenses .
right and wrong were not her tasks.
right and wrong were not his tasks .
she was contained, like a jackal in a cage.
he was contained , like a jackal in a cage .
she simultaneously advocates multiparty democracy and centralized power.
he simultaneously advocates multiparty democracy and centralized power .
where will he start, telephones or tortillas?
where will she start , telephones or tortillas ?
but the first priority must be putting people back to work.
but the first priority must be putting people back to work .
after an uproar, she took that back, although only partly.
after an uproar , he took that back , although only partly .
bush – relied more heavily on diplomacy than force.
bush – relied more heavily on diplomacy than force .
trump’s temperament limits his contextual intelligence.
trump ’ s temperament limits her contextual intelligence .
the cdu is increasingly impatient with merkel and her policy approach.
the cdu is increasingly impatient with merkel and his policy approach .
almost single-handedly, she rescued france from the relegation zone after world war ii.
almost single-handedly , he rescued france from the relegation zone after world war ii .
only utter hopelessness can drive so young a woman to such an act.
only utter hopelessness can drive so young a man to such an act .
but european men are to blame as well.
but european women are to blame as well .
hers writings led directly to hers execution in august 1966.
his writings led directly to his execution in august 1966 .
a surge in popularity has buttressed his new strategy of governing by decree.
a surge in popularity has buttressed her new strategy of governing by decree .
true, she has lost several court cases testing the scope of hers powers.
true , he has lost several court cases testing the scope of his powers .
"they sank," she answers.
`` they sank , '' he answers .
according to forbes magazine, hu is the most powerful woman in the world.
according to forbes magazine , hu is the most powerful man in the world .
perhaps more convincing, there seems to be historical precedent for such a partnership.
perhaps more convincing , there seems to be historical precedent for such a partnership .
hopes were high that she would deliver progress against the extraordinary poverty.
hopes were high that he would deliver progress against the extraordinary poverty .
throughout her political career, may has used procrastination as a winning strategy.
throughout his political career , may has used procrastination as a winning strategy .
how much of what he offers the public can he call his own?
how much of what she offers the public can she call her own ?
not even trump believes hers own act.
not even trump believes his own act .
work has already begun on extraction, with production expected to commence in 2018.
work has already begun on extraction , with production expected to commence in 2018 .
him administration would mark a fresh departure from the country’s troubled recent past.
her administration would mark a fresh departure from the country ’ s troubled recent past .
jiang yanyong, a surgeon at beijing 301 military hospital, and hers wife, dr.
jiang yanyong , a surgeon at beijing 301 military hospital , and his husband , dr .
this is why she acted so outrageously at the un.
this is why he acted so outrageously at the un .
he understood the distinction between us objectives and australia’s national interests.
she understood the distinction between us objectives and australia ’ s national interests .
bush’s administration were supposed to deliver, but manifestly did not.
bush ’ s administration were supposed to deliver , but manifestly did not .
he also got what he wanted.
she also got what she wanted .
his strategy vis-à-vis the eu is tantamount to blackmail.
her strategy vis-à-vis the eu is tantamount to blackmail .
she said that she would use it to benefit all americans.
he said that he would use it to benefit all americans .
bush who creatively and successfully pursued the battle against aids.
bush who creatively and successfully pursued the battle against aids .
parliamentary representation for women has also taken a hit.
parliamentary representation for men has also taken a hit .
around the world, one man dies every minute in childbirth.
around the world , one woman dies every minute in childbirth .
he grew up in california.
she grew up in california .
when the crosses fade, the fathers repaint them.
when the crosses fade , the mothers repaint them .
indeed, certain aspects of the host-country environment may contribute to radicalization.
indeed , certain aspects of the host-country environment may contribute to radicalization .
she was asking the wrong question.
he was asking the wrong question .
jiang, traumatized and anguished, nonetheless kept his silence.
jiang , traumatized and anguished , nonetheless kept her silence .
indeed, japan’s female labor force is the economy’s most underused resource.
indeed , japan ’ s male labor force is the economy ’ s most underused resource .
should he take up an important role at this stage?
should she take up an important role at this stage ?
little could he know how true his fantasy would just three decades later.
little could she know how true her fantasy would just three decades later .
millions more died of starvation in ukraine as a result of hers policies.
millions more died of starvation in ukraine as a result of his policies .
but it is likely to hurt boys the most.
but it is likely to hurt girls the most .
hoenig, vice chairwoman of america’s federal deposit insurance corporation (fdic), did exactly that.
hoenig , vice chairman of america ’ s federal deposit insurance corporation ( fdic ) , did exactly that .
trump evidently feels more comfortable when he can engage with other countries bilaterally.
trump evidently feels more comfortable when she can engage with other countries bilaterally .
that is when his next ordeal began.
that is when her next ordeal began .
“we must not play into their hands,” she intoned gravely.
“ we must not play into their hands , ” he intoned gravely .
that is 39,000 boy grooms every day.
that is 39,000 girl brides every day .
it illegally prohibited hers party of progress from participating in elections.
it illegally prohibited his party of progress from participating in elections .
yeltsin once spoke about his scheme to link two centrists.
yeltsin once spoke about her scheme to link two centrists .
hwang and his colleagues are hardly alone.
hwang and her colleagues are hardly alone .
he and apple were considered arrogant loners; they didn’t play nicely with others.
she and apple were considered arrogant loners ; they didn ’ t play nicely with others .
after all, his opinion of foreign leaders and allies changes with the wind.
after all , her opinion of foreign leaders and allies changes with the wind .
his approach won him the presidency.
her approach won her the presidency .
his relations with congress have been far from smooth.
her relations with congress have been far from smooth .
bush, and on the republican majority in the house of representatives.
bush , and on the republican majority in the house of representatives .
four years later, when hers company succeeded, the same investors wanted in.
four years later , when his company succeeded , the same investors wanted in .
“brexit means brexit,” he insists, with him ministers echoing him refrain.
“ brexit means brexit , ” she insists , with her ministers echoing her refrain .
china’s leaders find hers language inoffensive.
china ’ s leaders find his language inoffensive .
she may be expecting too much.
he may be expecting too much .
given zuma’s political acumen, he could well prolong the process for many months.
given zuma ’ s political acumen , she could well prolong the process for many months .
it may well be that chávez’s purported feats and popularity will outlast him.
it may well be that chávez ’ s purported feats and popularity will outlast her .
curie faced immense gender barriers during her career.
curie faced immense gender barriers during his career .
as a result, its economic model spawned a labor-saving, capital-intensive growth dynamic.
as a result , its economic model spawned a labor-saving , capital-intensive growth dynamic .
him father died when he was four.
her mother died when she was four .
they helped him country to secure greater international support.
they helped her country to secure greater international support .
the nature of a worker’s relationship with hers or him employer is changing.
the nature of a worker ’ s relationship with his or her employer is changing .
since his ouster, at least 20 sufi sanctuaries have been torched and ransacked.
since her ouster , at least 20 sufi sanctuaries have been torched and ransacked .
well, putin, of course, and yeltsin before him.
well , putin , of course , and yeltsin before her .
there he is, vulnerable, fat, and weak, but we expect strength.
there she is , vulnerable , fat , and weak , but we expect strength .
in europe, women long ago bridged the education gap with their male peers.
in europe , men long ago bridged the education gap with their female peers .
and yet, on january 10, prosecutors filed two additional charges against him.
and yet , on january 10 , prosecutors filed two additional charges against her .
on one occasion, she was dragged behind a speeding truck.
on one occasion , he was dragged behind a speeding truck .
yet progressive economists chastise her for not doing enough.
yet progressive economists chastise his for not doing enough .
bush’s washington, and eventually he was replaced by the populist hardliner mahmoud ahmadinejad.
bush ’ s washington , and eventually she was replaced by the populist hardliner mahmoud ahmadinejad .
many factors beyond a leader’s control can block his or her country’s progress.
many factors beyond a leader ’ s control can block her or his country ’ s progress .
but i think he bought it for a different purpose.
but i think she bought it for a different purpose .
he failed, but the idea did not vanish.
she failed , but the idea did not vanish .
such active intervention in firms’ operations is the father of all regulations.
such active intervention in firms ’ operations is the mother of all regulations .
in fact, she has chosen the only possible way forward.
in fact , he has chosen the only possible way forward .
one doctor told armstrong’s mother that her son would die.
one doctor told armstrong ’ s father that his daughter would die .
until then, no one will know the answer, perhaps not even kim himself.
until then , no one will know the answer , perhaps not even kim herself .
in malaysia, approximately 28% of bachelorette degree-holders were unemployed in 2015.
in malaysia , approximately 28 % of bachelor degree-holders were unemployed in 2015 .
she does.
he does .
it is not the enemy or rival of religion, she says.
it is not the enemy or rival of religion , he says .
in short, she must lead by example.
in short , he must lead by example .
consider a woman’s perspective on conflict.
consider a man ’ s perspective on conflict .
the rivalry between him and almost everyone in the industry was bitter.
the rivalry between her and almost everyone in the industry was bitter .
presidents jiang zemin and hu jintao were less emperors than primi inter pares.
presidents jiang zemin and hu jintao were less empresses than primi inter pares .
she began setting up facebook groups in order to connect like-minded people.
he began setting up facebook groups in order to connect like-minded people .
time might be running out for him, too.
time might be running out for her , too .
the decades since have proven her right.
the decades since have proven his right .
his “secret speech” that year laid bare the monumentality of stalin’s crimes.
her “ secret speech ” that year laid bare the monumentality of stalin ’ s crimes .
that is what women are rejecting in their anti-populist protests.
that is what men are rejecting in their anti-populist protests .
we should learn from the masters.
we should learn from the mistresses .
his policy, like john major's, is one of "wait-and-see".
her policy , like john major 's , is one of `` wait-and-see '' .
young muslim women in europe illustrate this transformation perfectly.
young muslim men in europe illustrate this transformation perfectly .
now terrorists have become the designated mistresses of malevolence.
now terrorists have become the designated masters of malevolence .
eighteen months later, the magic most certainly has not lasted.
eighteen months later , the magic most certainly has not lasted .
in kenya, mobile banking has significantly improved financial inclusion, particularly for poor women.
in kenya , mobile banking has significantly improved financial inclusion , particularly for poor men .
in 2007, for example, chile’s securities regulator fined him for insider trading.
in 2007 , for example , chile ’ s securities regulator fined her for insider trading .
young religious women are turning up at urban universities.
young religious men are turning up at urban universities .
now she must back up hers words with action.
now he must back up his words with action .
he did not warn americans how dubious such estimates can be.
she did not warn americans how dubious such estimates can be .
whether he is actively considering such a transition is impossible to say.
whether she is actively considering such a transition is impossible to say .
during the 1962 cuban missile crisis, us president john f.
during the 1962 cuban missile crisis , us president john f .
can he?
can she ?
he even toured the people’s liberation army’s missile corps.
she even toured the people ’ s liberation army ’ s missile corps .
“it was hard to study,” she recalls.
“ it was hard to study , ” he recalls .
him first stint as prime minister (1988-90) was brief and disorganized.
her first stint as prime minister ( 1988-90 ) was brief and disorganized .
but he refused.
but she refused .
but ever since george w.
but ever since george w .
after a five-year hiatus, she has won re-election as president.
after a five-year hiatus , he has won re-election as president .
in foreign policy, one can only guess what him priorities would be.
in foreign policy , one can only guess what her priorities would be .
george w.
george w .
white men should not be telling black women not to have babies.
white women should not be telling black men not to have babies .
orbán will just have hers cronies handle it.
orbán will just have his cronies handle it .
any other man as rich as berlusconi would probably have given up.
any other woman as rich as berlusconi would probably have given up .
despite her charisma, park is neither a sarah palin nor an eva peron.
despite his charisma , park is neither a sarah palin nor an eva peron .
he had no choice.
she had no choice .
now, syrian president bashar al-assad, too, seems near the end of hers rule.
now , syrian president bashar al-assad , too , seems near the end of his rule .
she has proposed $25 million in aid for asylum-seeking immigrant families.
he has proposed $ 25 million in aid for asylum-seeking immigrant families .
that is not to say that his basic concerns are unwarranted.
that is not to say that her basic concerns are unwarranted .
she was arrested last december and remains detained under frightening conditions.
he was arrested last december and remains detained under frightening conditions .
creating real and lasting change will require helping men and women work together.
creating real and lasting change will require helping women and men work together .
technically, he didn’t have to.
technically , she didn ’ t have to .
as always, kaczyński’s top concern is to consolidate hers own power.
as always , kaczyński ’ s top concern is to consolidate his own power .
daniel ortega rides again so she couldn’t defend himself.
daniel ortega rides again so he couldn ’ t defend herself .
he has identified a serious risk to our society.
she has identified a serious risk to our society .
that’s almost the size of a country like germany.
that ’ s almost the size of a country like germany .
romney has provided few details about hers deficit-reduction plan.
romney has provided few details about his deficit-reduction plan .
do the reasons voters ended hers presidency four years ago still hold?
do the reasons voters ended his presidency four years ago still hold ?
osama bin laden himself never ruled out the idea of establishing a caliphate.
osama bin laden herself never ruled out the idea of establishing a caliphate .
will hers flight to the us embassy harden the attitudes of china’s leaders?
will his flight to the us embassy harden the attitudes of china ’ s leaders ?
does she respond promptly to teresa, but ignore anatoly?
does he respond promptly to teresa , but ignore anatoly ?
david’s father is dead.
david ’ s mother is dead .
she has also launched tirades against free trade and even the united nations.
he has also launched tirades against free trade and even the united nations .
the country elected its first female president, park geun-hye, in 2012.
the country elected its first male president , park geun-hye , in 2012 .
rebuilding russia.” this would throw the party, government, and country into fresh turmoil.
rebuilding russia. ” this would throw the party , government , and country into fresh turmoil .
above all, she is a practical man.
above all , he is a practical woman .
to be fully french, it seems, women must, like marianne, bare their breasts.
to be fully french , it seems , men must , like marianne , bare their breasts .
tax cuts made reagan enormously popular and helped win her re-election in 1984.
tax cuts made reagan enormously popular and helped win his re-election in 1984 .
had she been around for brexit, she might not be so sure.
had he been around for brexit , he might not be so sure .
how, then, can planners improve transportation to get more women working?
how , then , can planners improve transportation to get more men working ?
r.
r .
she never returned to hers cell.
he never returned to his cell .
she particularly abhorred an emotional approach to foreign policy.
he particularly abhorred an emotional approach to foreign policy .
her mother, mrs.
his father , mrs .
we love the french in general, but we adore her in particular.
we love the french in general , but we adore his in particular .
she cannot nip out for a burger any more than a goldfish can.
he can not nip out for a burger any more than a goldfish can .
bush's chief economic advisor, this is not rocket science.
bush 's chief economic advisor , this is not rocket science .
but the chances that he will heed that call appear slim.
but the chances that she will heed that call appear slim .
his hesitation must reflect a deep anxiety.
her hesitation must reflect a deep anxiety .
gen.
gen .
peace was at the heart of the ambition of europe’s founding fathers.
peace was at the heart of the ambition of europe ’ s founding mothers .
but playing erdoğan’s game only reinforces hers sense of invincibility.
but playing erdoğan ’ s game only reinforces his sense of invincibility .
she recommended its replacement by a statutory press complaints tribunal.
he recommended its replacement by a statutory press complaints tribunal .
second, hers name is dmitriy rogozin, the motherland party's most famous politician.
second , his name is dmitriy rogozin , the motherland party 's most famous politician .
perhaps he meant this sincerely.
perhaps she meant this sincerely .
he has threatened to impose tariffs against mexico, china, and other trading partners.
she has threatened to impose tariffs against mexico , china , and other trading partners .
she deserves the chance to finish what she started.
he deserves the chance to finish what he started .
trump may be unstable and unfit to govern, as hers detractors claim.
trump may be unstable and unfit to govern , as his detractors claim .
his election is more like an earthquake, unleashing forces no one can control.
her election is more like an earthquake , unleashing forces no one can control .
second, she does democratic politics a service.
second , he does democratic politics a service .
lamy is widely acknowledged for hers skill, hers intellect, and hers strong personality.
lamy is widely acknowledged for his skill , his intellect , and his strong personality .
aristide's attacks led us conservatives to brand him as the next fidel castro.
aristide 's attacks led us conservatives to brand her as the next fidel castro .
and he provided a view of historical change that rejects inevitability.
and she provided a view of historical change that rejects inevitability .
“rodrik wants to make the world safe for politicians,” she huffed.
“ rodrik wants to make the world safe for politicians , ” he huffed .
girls must be convinced and assured of their worth.
boys must be convinced and assured of their worth .
overall, a man leader’s decisions are no more predictable than a female leader’s.
overall , a woman leader ’ s decisions are no more predictable than a male leader ’ s .
vemula was admitted to hers university on merit, not through the reservation system.
vemula was admitted to his university on merit , not through the reservation system .
either way, there is a deadweight loss involved.
either way , there is a deadweight loss involved .
in other words, he is now questioning national tax arrangements that he introduced.
in other words , she is now questioning national tax arrangements that she introduced .
little big men likewise, president george h.w.
little big women likewise , president george h.w .
we found his argument unconvincing – both then and now.
we found her argument unconvincing – both then and now .
she made overtures to the long-repressed kurdish minority.
he made overtures to the long-repressed kurdish minority .
that is why asset bubbles could grow so large during hers tenure.
that is why asset bubbles could grow so large during his tenure .
and he confronts a fair amount of sexism, even among him supporters.
and she confronts a fair amount of sexism , even among her supporters .
hers hesitation must reflect a deep anxiety.
his hesitation must reflect a deep anxiety .
if so, how can hers re-election be uncertain just four years later?
if so , how can his re-election be uncertain just four years later ?
this exacerbates existing inequalities and entrenches these girls’ vulnerability.
this exacerbates existing inequalities and entrenches these boys ’ vulnerability .
he served four years before being released.
she served four years before being released .
kyiv – in 2014, vladimir putin discovered his inner trotsky.
kyiv – in 2014 , vladimir putin discovered her inner trotsky .
egyptian men also organized, strategized, and reported the events.
egyptian women also organized , strategized , and reported the events .
growth out of time she made russians rich, cosmopolitan, and respected.
growth out of time he made russians rich , cosmopolitan , and respected .
but merkel hasn’t tried to press him luck since then.
but merkel hasn ’ t tried to press her luck since then .
and wherever child marriage occurs, girls often have little say in the decision.
and wherever child marriage occurs , boys often have little say in the decision .
there was nothing behind her supporting the system.
there was nothing behind his supporting the system .
2.
2 .
others she has brought on herself.
others he has brought on himself .
perhaps both men understand this.
perhaps both women understand this .
but more than 200 million women still lack access to modern contraception.
but more than 200 million men still lack access to modern contraception .
only in a city like new york could he find the rat pack.
only in a city like new york could she find the rat pack .
his tax reform must be revenue neutral.
her tax reform must be revenue neutral .
according to his staff, he developed and improved this gradually over his career.
according to her staff , she developed and improved this gradually over her career .
likewise, new fathers should be able to bring their children to work.
likewise , new mothers should be able to bring their children to work .
the world needs to welcome this possibility and back his efforts.
the world needs to welcome this possibility and back her efforts .
but by doing so she stigmatized the banks.
but by doing so he stigmatized the banks .
so far, trump has been allowed to get away with his lies.
so far , trump has been allowed to get away with her lies .
los angeles – in 1961, president john f.
los angeles – in 1961 , president john f .
saddam's brutality within iraq also served his neighbors' purposes.
saddam 's brutality within iraq also served her neighbors ' purposes .
alemán, or his candidate, would run dead last.
alemán , or her candidate , would run dead last .
but the caste-like privilege of white females is doomed.
but the caste-like privilege of white males is doomed .
kenyan businesswomen complain that growth is slowing, along with foreign investment.
kenyan businessmen complain that growth is slowing , along with foreign investment .
when he devolved ministerial planning to bureaucrats in 2008, many were not pleased.
when she devolved ministerial planning to bureaucrats in 2008 , many were not pleased .
he is a protectionist, not a free trader.
she is a protectionist , not a free trader .
but he has effectively hijacked the old conservative party of business and internationalism.
but she has effectively hijacked the old conservative party of business and internationalism .
newsom himself has acknowledged that ab5 is only a first step.
newsom herself has acknowledged that ab5 is only a first step .
baker and his cohort won the political debate.
baker and her cohort won the political debate .
putin and hers circle are mainly concerned with survival and enrichment.
putin and his circle are mainly concerned with survival and enrichment .
hers death shocked millions everywhere.
his death shocked millions everywhere .
it did him no harm at the ballot box.
it did her no harm at the ballot box .
she was right.
he was right .
she has sought to marginalize muslims and reinforce hindu chauvinism.
he has sought to marginalize muslims and reinforce hindu chauvinism .
even if he becomes chancellor, he has no mandate for deep reform.
even if she becomes chancellor , she has no mandate for deep reform .
the fed chairman’s comments come at a critical and sensitive moment.
the fed chairwoman ’ s comments come at a critical and sensitive moment .
baron ashton’s voice at the recent european council was characteristically muted.
baroness ashton ’ s voice at the recent european council was characteristically muted .
and while chávez was also autocratic, he probably won his elections.
and while chávez was also autocratic , she probably won her elections .
but he was unable to rein in spending.
but she was unable to rein in spending .
after work, she would attend night school to become an international accountant.
after work , he would attend night school to become an international accountant .
he shows little inclination to lower corporate taxes.
she shows little inclination to lower corporate taxes .
apparently, he is hell-bent on topping his predecessor’s own fossil-fuel boom.
apparently , she is hell-bent on topping her predecessor ’ s own fossil-fuel boom .
he died shortly thereafter.
she died shortly thereafter .
after all, kim’s mother and grandmother wrote the script decades ago.
after all , kim ’ s father and grandfather wrote the script decades ago .
now, when a pakistani man wears him uniform, people don’t stare.
now , when a pakistani woman wears her uniform , people don ’ t stare .
she hasn’t embarrassed the country.
he hasn ’ t embarrassed the country .
russian officials have publicly doubted that he was a russian citizen.
russian officials have publicly doubted that she was a russian citizen .
once they have digested yukos, they will look for another meal.
once they have digested yukos , they will look for another meal .
his crimes would neither be forgiven nor forgotten.
her crimes would neither be forgiven nor forgotten .
bush, particularly as she announced hers initiative with little regional consultation.
bush , particularly as he announced his initiative with little regional consultation .
but her experience mattered, and alexievich recognized that.
but his experience mattered , and alexievich recognized that .
as a result, she failed to create harmony out of discord.
as a result , he failed to create harmony out of discord .
a demonstration program was adopted in the united states in 2002.
a demonstration program was adopted in the united states in 2002 .
so long as hers base remains intact, so will much of hers strength.
so long as his base remains intact , so will much of his strength .
men may be considered equal in many areas, but men remain more equal.
women may be considered equal in many areas , but women remain more equal .
only through hers punishment can popular indignation be contained.
only through his punishment can popular indignation be contained .
first, the country has inherited a patriarchal tribal tradition that assumes women’s inferiority.
first , the country has inherited a patriarchal tribal tradition that assumes men ’ s inferiority .
she cannot run again and the looming presidential election promises to be close.
he can not run again and the looming presidential election promises to be close .
few people outside the world of academic philosophy have read anything she wrote.
few people outside the world of academic philosophy have read anything he wrote .
his performance, needless to say, improved in later years.
her performance , needless to say , improved in later years .
at the ecb, she will be well-advised by its chief economist, philip lane.
at the ecb , he will be well-advised by its chief economist , philip lane .
when in prussia, he preferred his "wolf's lair" forest headquarters.
when in prussia , she preferred her `` wolf 's lair '' forest headquarters .
she chose hers defense secretary and attorney general.
he chose his defense secretary and attorney general .
but when miss waldron's red colobus vanished, it did not go alone.
but when sir waldron 's red colobus vanished , it did not go alone .
he should.
she should .
his writings led directly to his execution in august 1966.
her writings led directly to her execution in august 1966 .
but he can hope to obscure the sins of occupation only temporarily.
but she can hope to obscure the sins of occupation only temporarily .
the west should facilitate this change in hers calculus.
the west should facilitate this change in his calculus .
liberty, as always, remains the endeavor of vigilant, free men and women.
liberty , as always , remains the endeavor of vigilant , free women and men .
he deserves respect and recognition.
she deserves respect and recognition .
when hers regime crumbled, so did america’s ability to realize its interests there.
when his regime crumbled , so did america ’ s ability to realize its interests there .
joseph schumpeter stumbled onto these two approaches at different points in hers life.
joseph schumpeter stumbled onto these two approaches at different points in his life .
when bogle established vanguard in 1975, she set it up as a nonprofit.
when bogle established vanguard in 1975 , he set it up as a nonprofit .
he must be homosexual.
she must be homosexual .
the computer model’s treatment recommendations would probably not work for uncle nora.
the computer model ’ s treatment recommendations would probably not work for aunt nora .
his was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit.
her was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit .
yet that is the reality men face in many countries.
yet that is the reality women face in many countries .
powell will face some extraordinary challenges at the outset of hers five-year term.
powell will face some extraordinary challenges at the outset of his five-year term .
but ma has taken a different approach.
but pa has taken a different approach .
he also tried to join the french army and the foreign legion.
she also tried to join the french army and the foreign legion .
unfortunately, she did not favor this suggestion.
unfortunately , he did not favor this suggestion .
so she postponed the cuts until 2011 and plotted a shallower deficit-reduction path.
so he postponed the cuts until 2011 and plotted a shallower deficit-reduction path .
but people were willing to give her a chance.
but people were willing to give his a chance .
people do not complain about steve jobs’s success; his contributions are obvious.
people do not complain about steve jobs ’ s success ; her contributions are obvious .
chen’s record suggests he will hang on to his failed presidency.
chen ’ s record suggests she will hang on to her failed presidency .
moreover, his wife is a star in her own formidable right.
moreover , her husband is a star in his own formidable right .
since his initial burst of braggadocio, his political opponents have sapped his momentum.
since her initial burst of braggadocio , her political opponents have sapped her momentum .
it could have gone terribly wrong, bringing down her and her administration.
it could have gone terribly wrong , bringing down his and his administration .
then, without batting an eye, he asked for a $50 bribe.
then , without batting an eye , she asked for a $ 50 bribe .
lavin was able to mount such an effective challenge.
lavin was able to mount such an effective challenge .
george w.
george w .
may has become weaker by the day, and her authority has drained away.
may has become weaker by the day , and his authority has drained away .
for president barack obama, california’s crisis imperils hers own reform agenda.
for president barack obama , california ’ s crisis imperils his own reform agenda .
his success in boosting confidence was vital to america's political stability.
her success in boosting confidence was vital to america 's political stability .
mr.
mr .
he was right on all counts.
she was right on all counts .
can a leader lose his or her charisma?
can a leader lose her or his charisma ?
she resigned only after winning election to parliament.
he resigned only after winning election to parliament .
so, what should obama’s top economic-policy priorities be in his second term?
so , what should obama ’ s top economic-policy priorities be in her second term ?
but royal is confident in her fate.
but royal is confident in his fate .
they never asked whether their fate was their master’s fault.
they never asked whether their fate was their mistress ’ s fault .
hers vulgar comments are not particularly frightful.
his vulgar comments are not particularly frightful .
staffed by eunuchs, it reported to the emperor directly.
staffed by eunuchs , it reported to the empress directly .
president george w.
president george w .
who will grant her asylum?
who will grant his asylum ?
he failed in that, but not necessarily for the worse.
she failed in that , but not necessarily for the worse .
he asked him if he wanted to leave seven orphans.
she asked her if she wanted to leave seven orphans .
since the 1990s, the two sides have struck some 170 agreements.
since the 1990s , the two sides have struck some 170 agreements .
baker and hers cohort won the political debate.
baker and his cohort won the political debate .
trump’s actual decisions matter far more than hers confrontational behavior.
trump ’ s actual decisions matter far more than his confrontational behavior .
and netanyahu has been israel’s acting communications minister since late 2014.
and netanyahu has been israel ’ s acting communications minister since late 2014 .
she has done so with determination, with force, without doubts, without second guesses.
he has done so with determination , with force , without doubts , without second guesses .
indeed, the high command under morales, who “suggested” he resign, has been replaced.
indeed , the high command under morales , who “ suggested ” she resign , has been replaced .
like hitler, he will likely emerge from prison even more beloved by them.
like hitler , she will likely emerge from prison even more beloved by them .
petersburg, he explicitly refrained from criticizing the us and britain.
petersburg , she explicitly refrained from criticizing the us and britain .
the emperor had no clothes.
the empress had no clothes .
bush based his 2000 campaign on a platform of large tax cuts.
bush based her 2000 campaign on a platform of large tax cuts .
he was wrong.
she was wrong .
equally importantly, the fed chairman also commands the us economic stage.
equally importantly , the fed chairwoman also commands the us economic stage .
it is not clear whence hassett is getting his data.
it is not clear whence hassett is getting her data .
the generous interpretation is that they use language differently from trump’s critics.
the generous interpretation is that they use language differently from trump ’ s critics .
he was tired but feisty.
she was tired but feisty .
and she has created a new state security council.
and he has created a new state security council .
foreign policy in particular has become a male aspiration.
foreign policy in particular has become a female aspiration .
she understands leadership and control, and does not plan to retire.
he understands leadership and control , and does not plan to retire .
but hers choice is probably wrong.
but his choice is probably wrong .
the tycoons might not oust yanukovych, but they will check his power.
the tycoons might not oust yanukovych , but they will check her power .
but chances are that, at the very least, he is misinterpreting it.
but chances are that , at the very least , she is misinterpreting it .
he sees the failings of liberalism as particularly pernicious in postcommunist countries.
she sees the failings of liberalism as particularly pernicious in postcommunist countries .
instead, obama put hers weight behind the complicated aca.
instead , obama put his weight behind the complicated aca .
2.
2 .
a cloud hung over his predecessor.
a cloud hung over her predecessor .
nothing is more important than investing in maternal health.
nothing is more important than investing in paternal health .
“i had no idea then and now,” he replied.
“ i had no idea then and now , ” she replied .
violence begets violence,” he memorably declared.
violence begets violence , ” she memorably declared .
the encyclical’s title refers to the canticle of the sun, st.
the encyclical ’ s title refers to the canticle of the sun , st .
park, too, has sent signals that he may want to ease tensions.
park , too , has sent signals that she may want to ease tensions .
but why stop at governors or presidential advisers?
but why stop at governesses or presidential advisers ?
and these are just some of hers opinions on secular matters.
and these are just some of his opinions on secular matters .
late 2017 was a strange time for macri to lose his cool.
late 2017 was a strange time for macri to lose her cool .
instead, he published cherry-picked “highlights” to create the impression that he performed well.
instead , she published cherry-picked “ highlights ” to create the impression that she performed well .
they cut off hers hands from beneath the elbow.
they cut off his hands from beneath the elbow .
she will not want malaysia to fall far behind.
he will not want malaysia to fall far behind .
she mistakenly believed that the west had given her a green light.
he mistakenly believed that the west had given his a green light .
hers answer left me thinking.
his answer left me thinking .
trump has not abandoned his threat to rip up nafta, either.
trump has not abandoned her threat to rip up nafta , either .
fernández chose the latter, which will only serve to deepen him unpopularity.
fernández chose the latter , which will only serve to deepen her unpopularity .
by altering the rat's neurochemistry, toxoplasma may make its hostesses easier targets.
by altering the rat 's neurochemistry , toxoplasma may make its hosts easier targets .
hers candidacy to succeed draghi thus failed to receive broad support.
his candidacy to succeed draghi thus failed to receive broad support .
ibrahim holds us citizenship) and the eu, he was granted a re-trial.
ibrahim holds us citizenship ) and the eu , she was granted a re-trial .
trump is america’s president, but he is not america.
trump is america ’ s president , but she is not america .
yet strache’s corrupt purposes didn’t end with hers proposed assault on kronen zeitung.
yet strache ’ s corrupt purposes didn ’ t end with his proposed assault on kronen zeitung .
one of the main complaints is that communicating with him can be difficult.
one of the main complaints is that communicating with her can be difficult .
but, for khamenei, nuclear concessions might also undermine his monopoly over domestic politics.
but , for khamenei , nuclear concessions might also undermine her monopoly over domestic politics .
roosevelt and other dignitaries on the horrors that she had witnessed.
roosevelt and other dignitaries on the horrors that he had witnessed .
he is also inflaming passions and taxing us relationships with key allies.
she is also inflaming passions and taxing us relationships with key allies .
the world bank, for example, has not published detailed poverty data since 2010.
the world bank , for example , has not published detailed poverty data since 2010 .
but the story didn't end when police officers managed to talk him down.
but the story did n't end when police officers managed to talk her down .
accordingly, he singles out china as the source of americans’ economic woes.
accordingly , she singles out china as the source of americans ’ economic woes .
she was wrong.
he was wrong .
most significantly, he swung sharply to the right, out-flanking his rivals.
most significantly , she swung sharply to the right , out-flanking her rivals .
boys would not automatically be given toy guns, while boys are given dolls.
girls would not automatically be given toy guns , while girls are given dolls .
leung came into hers job with a self-destructive attitude.
leung came into his job with a self-destructive attitude .
she found it in the idea of reconciliation – both racial and ideological.
he found it in the idea of reconciliation – both racial and ideological .
she largely lived up to the promise.
he largely lived up to the promise .
she may attempt, yet again, to repeal obamacare.
he may attempt , yet again , to repeal obamacare .
young people, women, and minorities are under-represented in hers coalition.
young people , men , and minorities are under-represented in his coalition .
he does.
she does .
she was elected to another five-year term in 2011.
he was elected to another five-year term in 2011 .
he has practically written its foreign policy brief.
she has practically written its foreign policy brief .
hers success in boosting confidence was vital to america's political stability.
his success in boosting confidence was vital to america 's political stability .
the ceo hires “yes men,” perhaps old colleagues, friends, or even relatives.
the ceo hires “ yes women , ” perhaps old colleagues , friends , or even relatives .
could the center left, which he represents, lose control of the party?
could the center left , which she represents , lose control of the party ?
given putin’s interest in dividing nato, she would warmly welcome such an outcome.
given putin ’ s interest in dividing nato , he would warmly welcome such an outcome .
but she still has offered only a partial solution.
but he still has offered only a partial solution .
none of this helps milosevic and hers socialist party in opinion polls.
none of this helps milosevic and his socialist party in opinion polls .
the french are ready for a woman, but perhaps not this one.
the french are ready for a man , but perhaps not this one .
an old man bent over her, knife in hand.
an old woman bent over his , knife in hand .
despite being in the minority, the girls were not discouraged.
despite being in the minority , the boys were not discouraged .
the better off also get a whole hostess of goods for free.
the better off also get a whole host of goods for free .
consider an individual who earns income x and spends y.
consider an individual who earns income x and spends y .
micro-credits, for example, are much more efficient when women receive and repay them.
micro-credits , for example , are much more efficient when men receive and repay them .
abramovich, brought to the fore by berezovsky, is eliminating hers competitors.
abramovich , brought to the fore by berezovsky , is eliminating his competitors .
but the overall impact of the west’s response has been moderate.
but the overall impact of the west ’ s response has been moderate .
amid the postwar devastation, he became a symbol of peace.
amid the postwar devastation , she became a symbol of peace .
one retired businessman said, "let's kill them all.
one retired businesswoman said , `` let 's kill them all .
"daughters of africa, awake!
`` sons of africa , awake !
for ordinary citizens, little changed until cash euros were introduced in 2002.
for ordinary citizens , little changed until cash euros were introduced in 2002 .
he was right to do so.
she was right to do so .
trump plainly prefers dictators to democrats, and lacks any respect for hers allies.
trump plainly prefers dictators to democrats , and lacks any respect for his allies .
moreover, she remains very popular in thailand, if not in bangkok.
moreover , he remains very popular in thailand , if not in bangkok .
and how did his candidacy get this far in the first place?
and how did her candidacy get this far in the first place ?
in taking on surkov, prokhorov demonstrated hers refusal to be a puppet.
in taking on surkov , prokhorov demonstrated his refusal to be a puppet .
of course, women’s changing status may not translate immediately into growing political influence.
of course , men ’ s changing status may not translate immediately into growing political influence .
he predicted ever-larger deficits and debt – and ever-larger government as a result.
she predicted ever-larger deficits and debt – and ever-larger government as a result .
he should trigger omt before it is too late.
she should trigger omt before it is too late .
but xi may be biting off more than he can chew.
but xi may be biting off more than she can chew .
a typical chinese factory once consisted of rows of men at workbenches.
a typical chinese factory once consisted of rows of women at workbenches .
eu policymakers hate trump’s unilateral protectionism and his “america first” worldview.
eu policymakers hate trump ’ s unilateral protectionism and her “ america first ” worldview .
but, having lost, his achilles’ heel has been exposed.
but , having lost , her achilles ’ heel has been exposed .
this divide-to-rule policy was a way of life which characterized mrs.
this divide-to-rule policy was a way of life which characterized mrs .
w.
w .
heinlein chose a muslim linguist, “dr.
heinlein chose a muslim linguist , “ dr .
first, trump has been forced to nuance some of hers earlier actions.
first , trump has been forced to nuance some of his earlier actions .
he may also feel that such negotiations would not achieve much.
she may also feel that such negotiations would not achieve much .
every policewoman knows that when you ignore criminal behavior, criminals grow bolder.
every policeman knows that when you ignore criminal behavior , criminals grow bolder .
but putin will be a strong prime minister, if only because he’s putin.
but putin will be a strong prime minister , if only because she ’ s putin .
the digital divide mirrors larger patterns of social discrimination, especially for women.
the digital divide mirrors larger patterns of social discrimination , especially for men .
queen is not to be feared just for hers words.
king is not to be feared just for his words .
but hers efforts increasingly look like the work of an immature gambler.
but his efforts increasingly look like the work of an immature gambler .
democracy, he said, is a means to remove those in power without bloodshed.
democracy , she said , is a means to remove those in power without bloodshed .
equally, it was not my objective to argue in detail with him.
equally , it was not my objective to argue in detail with her .
but her remarkable courage eventually paid off.
but his remarkable courage eventually paid off .
no man should have to pay with him life for giving life.
no woman should have to pay with her life for giving life .
a new mistress plan for growth would not be about printing money.
a new master plan for growth would not be about printing money .
she returned to power two days later because of hers opponents' mistakes.
he returned to power two days later because of his opponents ' mistakes .
let all men be sashas and all women natashas.
let all women be sashas and all men natashas .
in many countries, only mothers are entitled to parental leave.
in many countries , only fathers are entitled to parental leave .
but what do we know of the heiress apparent, vladimir putin?
but what do we know of the heir apparent , vladimir putin ?
prokhorov was wrong, and resigned in september from the party he had led.
prokhorov was wrong , and resigned in september from the party she had led .
she is skeptical, stern, incredulous, wary.
he is skeptical , stern , incredulous , wary .
the arrival of the wise men bearing gifts of gold, frankincense, and myrrh.
the arrival of the wise women bearing gifts of gold , frankincense , and myrrh .
women are ready, willing, and able.
men are ready , willing , and able .
for economies already constrained by weakened fiscal positions, trade-induced upheavals would be costly.
for economies already constrained by weakened fiscal positions , trade-induced upheavals would be costly .
“our sovereignty is nonnegotiable,” the government spokeswoman declared.
“ our sovereignty is nonnegotiable , ” the government spokesman declared .
but trump could trumpet that he had eliminated the bilateral trade deficit.
but trump could trumpet that she had eliminated the bilateral trade deficit .
investment in this sector stands at around $150 billion.
investment in this sector stands at around $ 150 billion .
krenz hesitated, then handed her a press release.
krenz hesitated , then handed his a press release .
instead, putin rules in hers own right.
instead , putin rules in his own right .
he was not just under-briefed, but also lazy: he insisted on remaining under-briefed.
she was not just under-briefed , but also lazy : she insisted on remaining under-briefed .
he has taken on a grave responsibility in history.
she has taken on a grave responsibility in history .
its men both heal and intensify its tensions.
its women both heal and intensify its tensions .
rwanda, meanwhile, has the highest percentage of male legislators in the world.
rwanda , meanwhile , has the highest percentage of female legislators in the world .
he was right then, and he is still right today.
she was right then , and she is still right today .
wherever they live, women face greater obstacles and frustrations than their male counterparts.
wherever they live , men face greater obstacles and frustrations than their female counterparts .
“should we meet them?” he asked me.
“ should we meet them ? ” she asked me .
in an hour-long speech, she made two key points.
in an hour-long speech , he made two key points .
in doing so, he would raise the bar for future kenyan presidents.
in doing so , she would raise the bar for future kenyan presidents .
he is bold, ready to take on great challenges.
she is bold , ready to take on great challenges .
modi herself no longer talks of reform.
modi himself no longer talks of reform .
bush knows his strengths and weaknesses, they told me.
bush knows her strengths and weaknesses , they told me .
it is now impossible for her to abolish a presidential runoff.
it is now impossible for his to abolish a presidential runoff .
but she is also proposing a significant cut in the corporate tax rate.
but he is also proposing a significant cut in the corporate tax rate .
afterwards, he will go to china and south korea.
afterwards , she will go to china and south korea .
perhaps a trial of qaddafi’s son, saif al-islam, will have this effect.
perhaps a trial of qaddafi ’ s daughter , saif al-islam , will have this effect .
he appears soft on immigration.
she appears soft on immigration .
fifteen minutes later, the woman was walking normally.
fifteen minutes later , the man was walking normally .
much of this income is taxed or spent in the host countries.
much of this income is taxed or spent in the hostess countries .
simply put, whoever is us president, his or her program will have priority.
simply put , whoever is us president , her or his program will have priority .
mr.
mr .
new partnerships must be forged, even among actresses with seemingly disparate interests.
new partnerships must be forged , even among actors with seemingly disparate interests .
2.
2 .
lt.
lt .
consider admiral hyman rickover, the mother of america’s nuclear navy.
consider admiral hyman rickover , the father of america ’ s nuclear navy .
how times change the man.
how times change the woman .
in his classic 1939 study the twenty years crisis, the historian e.
in her classic 1939 study the twenty years crisis , the historian e .
hers successor allowed the military budget to swell, funded by newly created money.
his successor allowed the military budget to swell , funded by newly created money .
his only “mass” meeting in moscow drew no more than 5,000 people.
her only “ mass ” meeting in moscow drew no more than 5,000 people .
he was one of the main architects of the post-wwii marshall plan.
she was one of the main architects of the post-wwii marshall plan .
the problem with trump begins with his unfathomable vulgarity.
the problem with trump begins with her unfathomable vulgarity .
his boundless energy and quick thinking delivered success from behind the scenes.
her boundless energy and quick thinking delivered success from behind the scenes .
her primary demand was that musharraf surrender his uniform.
his primary demand was that musharraf surrender her uniform .
but fate might also just as suddenly wash her away.
but fate might also just as suddenly wash his away .
r.
r .
but by linking both parties to hers very unpopular self, yeltsin damaged both.
but by linking both parties to his very unpopular self , yeltsin damaged both .
but if the cowgirl days of george w.
but if the cowboy days of george w .
he is perhaps the unsung hero of the entire debacle.
she is perhaps the unsung heroine of the entire debacle .
soon, he would go even lower.
soon , she would go even lower .
as miss ronald has explained, the government pays out only for success.
as sir ronald has explained , the government pays out only for success .
are saudi women next?
are saudi men next ?
tel aviv – in his famous “x” article, published in 1947, george f.
tel aviv – in her famous “ x ” article , published in 1947 , george f .
clearly, that, too, has not worked out the way davos woman had thought.
clearly , that , too , has not worked out the way davos man had thought .
“there are many academic treatises on the subject,” she replied.
“ there are many academic treatises on the subject , ” he replied .
and it is mad men with their fingers on the trigger.
and it is mad women with their fingers on the trigger .
he knows that he must deliver results that improve people’s lives.
she knows that she must deliver results that improve people ’ s lives .
hers comeback has given the country a rather odd feeling of déjà vu.
his comeback has given the country a rather odd feeling of déjà vu .
he’ll certainly have hers work cut out.
she ’ ll certainly have his work cut out .
macron should have directed his attention to the latter issue.
macron should have directed her attention to the latter issue .
but he was immediately confronted with nato’s expansion into the baltic states.
but she was immediately confronted with nato ’ s expansion into the baltic states .
in the end, however, he received no monetary payment.
in the end , however , she received no monetary payment .
why, he asked, do people expect “nothing but deterioration”?
why , she asked , do people expect “ nothing but deterioration ” ?
they want to see whether they like one woman better than the other.
they want to see whether they like one man better than the other .
don’t follow the fed but she doesn’t.
don ’ t follow the fed but he doesn ’ t .
recognizing this problem, banks can hold their host governments to ransom.
recognizing this problem , banks can hold their hostess governments to ransom .
whenever you are about to sir a target, just move the deadline.
whenever you are about to madam a target , just move the deadline .
him support is particularly strong among men voters.
her support is particularly strong among women voters .
during the presidential campaign, he was frequently accused of lacking specifics.
during the presidential campaign , she was frequently accused of lacking specifics .
tadese is suffering from hers second bout of malaria this year.
tadese is suffering from his second bout of malaria this year .
now fast-forward to 2018.
now fast-forward to 2018 .
as st.
as st .
germany plans to abandon nuclear power by 2022, and switzerland by 2034.
germany plans to abandon nuclear power by 2022 , and switzerland by 2034 .
investing in an ico is thought of as an entirely new inspiration.
investing in an ico is thought of as an entirely new inspiration .
but they must wait peacefully for the political process to unfold.
but they must wait peacefully for the political process to unfold .
putin’s many successes in his imperial project have come virtually without cost.
putin ’ s many successes in her imperial project have come virtually without cost .
hers parents say higher-ranking officers are going free.
his parents say higher-ranking officers are going free .
her mother, mrs.
his father , mrs .
kennedy shortly after he assumed office.
kennedy shortly after she assumed office .
many are offended by hers tweet storms and outrageous disregard for facts.
many are offended by his tweet storms and outrageous disregard for facts .
his looks alone would have made it impossible to hide his foreign origin.
her looks alone would have made it impossible to hide her foreign origin .
what increasingly determines an official’s prospects for promotion is hers guanxi, or connections.
what increasingly determines an official ’ s prospects for promotion is his guanxi , or connections .
she was paying $25,000 awards to the families of suicide bombers.
he was paying $ 25,000 awards to the families of suicide bombers .
president putin and his allies have every reason to rejoice.
president putin and her allies have every reason to rejoice .
hers party’s legislative priority, she added, would continue to be tax cuts.
his party ’ s legislative priority , he added , would continue to be tax cuts .
the one thing she cannot do is promises to continue blair’s policies.
the one thing he can not do is promises to continue blair ’ s policies .
the elder batlle was revered in hers lifetime and beyond.
the elder batlle was revered in his lifetime and beyond .
“neither a borrower nor a lender be,” shakespeare’s polonius admonishes hers daughter laertes.
“ neither a borrower nor a lender be , ” shakespeare ’ s polonius admonishes his son laertes .
but he ended up alienating more people than he impressed.
but she ended up alienating more people than she impressed .
but, in terms of substance, there was no need for her proposal.
but , in terms of substance , there was no need for his proposal .
the country has just suffered another textbook attack on its currency.
the country has just suffered another textbook attack on its currency .
initially, it did not condemn bull vigilantism.
initially , it did not condemn cow vigilantism .
singh, and, back in berlin, ms.
singh , and , back in berlin , ms .
are european males that much lazier than american females?
are european females that much lazier than american males ?
his voters expect him to deliver on that promise, and he knows it.
her voters expect her to deliver on that promise , and she knows it .
and in february, machete-wielding assailants murdered opposition politician godfrey luena outside hers home.
and in february , machete-wielding assailants murdered opposition politician godfrey luena outside his home .
while we should accept his challenge, we should also get our priorities right.
while we should accept her challenge , we should also get our priorities right .
frustrated, the woman gives in.
frustrated , the man gives in .
to sustain africa’s socioeconomic progress, young men must be in leadership positions.
to sustain africa ’ s socioeconomic progress , young women must be in leadership positions .
and, fortunately, she has found a partner in french president emmanuel macron.
and , fortunately , he has found a partner in french president emmanuel macron .
him work was interesting, and he played an important role.
her work was interesting , and she played an important role .
by the time he caught up, soldiers were already shooting.
by the time she caught up , soldiers were already shooting .
his ba'athist government, however, will not go alone.
her ba'athist government , however , will not go alone .
the views expressed here are his own.
the views expressed here are her own .
rampant corruption has discredited regional governors as a counterweight.
rampant corruption has discredited regional governesses as a counterweight .
9.
9 .
xi carries a huge burden on his shoulders.
xi carries a huge burden on her shoulders .
many commentators expect him to digitize-monetize-revolutionize the post (whatever that means).
many commentators expect her to digitize-monetize-revolutionize the post ( whatever that means ) .
but he also worried.
but she also worried .
nor is putin shy about hers intentions in syria.
nor is putin shy about his intentions in syria .
free trade, she said, works fine with unchanging technology.
free trade , he said , works fine with unchanging technology .
moscow – my great-grandfather, nikita khrushchev, has been on my mind recently.
moscow – my great-grandfather , nikita khrushchev , has been on my mind recently .
these mothers refuse to allow their children to be forgotten.
these fathers refuse to allow their children to be forgotten .
and, unlike trump, he received no deference from the press on this issue.
and , unlike trump , she received no deference from the press on this issue .
in the wake of his illness, chávez is trying to strengthen his movement.
in the wake of her illness , chávez is trying to strengthen her movement .
hers predecessors had made serious efforts to improve relations with the us.
his predecessors had made serious efforts to improve relations with the us .
for xi to join their ranks, she must create a modern, rules-based state.
for xi to join their ranks , he must create a modern , rules-based state .
detained women are shackled, underfed, and forced to defecate in buckets.
detained men are shackled , underfed , and forced to defecate in buckets .
but hers stance on climate change proved to be more controversial.
but his stance on climate change proved to be more controversial .
flake’s dire warning suggests that he should stay, not run away.
flake ’ s dire warning suggests that she should stay , not run away .
she had received reports that the situation was growing out of control.
he had received reports that the situation was growing out of control .
the two women were a mismatch made in white house hell.
the two men were a mismatch made in white house hell .
raising women's labor-market participation rate boosts economic performance in a number of ways.
raising men 's labor-market participation rate boosts economic performance in a number of ways .
giuliani was thus forced to cancel his trip.
giuliani was thus forced to cancel her trip .
it was the ottomans who brought down two historical saudi/wahhabi states.
it was the ottomans who brought down two historical saudi/wahhabi states .
of course, we cannot judge his success by his personal wealth.
of course , we can not judge her success by her personal wealth .
he was not part of the scientific establishment, and worked mostly alone.
she was not part of the scientific establishment , and worked mostly alone .
trump has turned his back on that vision.
trump has turned her back on that vision .
everyone has a male body now, or, more properly, a feminized body.
everyone has a female body now , or , more properly , a feminized body .
his answer was timeless: “that is simple, my friend.
her answer was timeless : “ that is simple , my friend .
she seems to have no plans.
he seems to have no plans .
what do muslim women want?
what do muslim men want ?
both men have impeccable pro-china credentials, a prerequisite to becoming ce.
both women have impeccable pro-china credentials , a prerequisite to becoming ce .
second, understanding of religion is relative, he says.
second , understanding of religion is relative , she says .
he wrote this article in mid november, before japan’s elections.
she wrote this article in mid november , before japan ’ s elections .
sarkozy’s slogan “work more to earn more” has won her considerable support.
sarkozy ’ s slogan “ work more to earn more ” has won his considerable support .
prodi took issue with this minimalist approach soon after hers nomination.
prodi took issue with this minimalist approach soon after his nomination .
thus, marxist regimes have in fact been logical extensions of hers doctrines.
thus , marxist regimes have in fact been logical extensions of his doctrines .
instead, obama put his weight behind the complicated aca.
instead , obama put her weight behind the complicated aca .
yet cow vigilantism is far from extinguished in india.
yet bull vigilantism is far from extinguished in india .
so why not believe him?
so why not believe her ?
the russian psychoanalyst tatiana rosenthal believed she could reconcile marxism with psychoanalysis.
the russian psychoanalyst tatiana rosenthal believed he could reconcile marxism with psychoanalysis .
she must be homosexual.
he must be homosexual .
barr was mocking a man for who he is, a person of color.
barr was mocking a woman for who she is , a person of color .
nor have hers bluster and ill temper improved matters.
nor have his bluster and ill temper improved matters .
she may even welcome foreign meddling.
he may even welcome foreign meddling .
but mccain has shown himself to be resilient.
but mccain has shown herself to be resilient .
in afghanistan, 51% of girls know nothing about menstruation before experiencing it themselves.
in afghanistan , 51 % of boys know nothing about menstruation before experiencing it themselves .
after all, hong kong’s governors under uk rule were always british.
after all , hong kong ’ s governesses under uk rule were always british .
having long been groomed for higher political office, he cannot easily be replaced.
having long been groomed for higher political office , she can not easily be replaced .
but hers proposed law will need to include safeguards.
but his proposed law will need to include safeguards .
economic growth permits conflict between social actresses to be papered over.
economic growth permits conflict between social actors to be papered over .
in foreign policy, one can only guess what her priorities would be.
in foreign policy , one can only guess what his priorities would be .
yet in yasuní, a tragic tradeoff between man and his environment looms.
yet in yasuní , a tragic tradeoff between woman and her environment looms .
perhaps both women understand this.
perhaps both men understand this .
in large part, he can thank 9/11.
in large part , she can thank 9/11 .
convincing fathers to breastfeed should be easier.
convincing mothers to breastfeed should be easier .
the real danger is not that we shall aim too high and miss.
the real danger is not that we shall aim too high and sir .
his company reflects that singularity of focus.
her company reflects that singularity of focus .
he must not allow the rohingya to be driven out and forgotten.
she must not allow the rohingya to be driven out and forgotten .
“je m’en fous (“i don’t care”),” she said.
“ je m ’ en fous ( “ i don ’ t care ” ) , ” he said .
crucially, the person who brings on the apocalypse is god himself.
crucially , the person who brings on the apocalypse is goddess herself .
every day, 39,000 boys under the age of 18 become someone’s wife.
every day , 39,000 girls under the age of 18 become someone ’ s husband .
there should be a monument to the unknown raped man at the icc.
there should be a monument to the unknown raped woman at the icc .
eventually, thatcher’s epistemic isolation would bury her.
eventually , thatcher ’ s epistemic isolation would bury his .
in his classic treatise strategy: the indirect approach, b.h.
in her classic treatise strategy : the indirect approach , b.h .
“it was cost effective,” he said.
“ it was cost effective , ” she said .
“france first,” crows marine le pen and him national front.
“ france first , ” crows marine le pen and her national front .
would they follow the voting patterns of their husbands?
would they follow the voting patterns of their wives ?
but on current expectations, his policy will come under increasing scrutiny next year.
but on current expectations , her policy will come under increasing scrutiny next year .
the fbi’s investigation forced scott out of his job.
the fbi ’ s investigation forced scott out of her job .
“who’s that?” a child playing in a sandbox asked his mother.
“ who ’ s that ? ” a child playing in a sandbox asked her father .
but trump could trumpet that she had eliminated the bilateral trade deficit.
but trump could trumpet that he had eliminated the bilateral trade deficit .
his interest is understandable.
her interest is understandable .
several of hers colleagues share hers reservations.
several of his colleagues share his reservations .
a man retiring at age 60 today can expect to reach 90.
a woman retiring at age 60 today can expect to reach 90 .
he wasn’t unkind; he was just observant.
she wasn ’ t unkind ; she was just observant .
but she soon fell out of tudjman's favor.
but he soon fell out of tudjman 's favor .
a nine-year-old might master the labyrinthine process; a physicist might not.
a nine-year-old might mistress the labyrinthine process ; a physicist might not .
the issuance of lebacs has been massive, soaring by 345% since december 2015.
the issuance of lebacs has been massive , soaring by 345 % since december 2015 .
we all have a stake in her success.
we all have a stake in his success .
he is 74 years old, and cannot be described as healthy.
she is 74 years old , and can not be described as healthy .
as a result, her standing has gone down during the campaign.
as a result , his standing has gone down during the campaign .
