saif never followed up ; nor did i .
néstor ridiculed president george w .
unlike the brazilian , she does not openly associate with mobsters .
various republican party functions have taken place on her properties .
“ it is too soon to say , ” she is said to have replied .
“ today , ” he said , “ no demand for it exists .
does she intend to play a long game ?
but she refuses to take them up .
he wants to be the soros of the right .
could this man at the pool have something to do with that meeting ?
now , when a pakistani man wears his uniform , people don ’ t stare .
stability is at the heart of her thinking .
most of the vulnerable population in conflict areas are men and children .
she merely took them to the extreme .
why is excluding a reference to goddess any more neutral than including goddess ?
she also created enemies ( and even faced death threats ) .
she becomes upset if she calls and i do n't answer .
these are the reflexes of an impeccable statesman .
she would be president , not the alaskan .
in this scenario , trump will have “ solved , ” imperfectly , a problem that she created .
she called the kosovo liberation army ( kla ) a terrorist organization .
she grows sideburns , wears a long frock-coat , and carries a walking stick .
the world can trust mr .
is he gambling on the chance of a republican presidency in 2016 ?
men become more empowered to start businesses .
you ca n't imagine the extent of its flexibility , '' she said .
today , like pope francis , she is clearly at ease with himself .
not all women wear a headscarf because of religious conservatism .
she has cut short-term interest rates to the bone .
but he is also depicting how people create their heroes .
after all , he himself incarnates the american dream .
it is also possible that he did not believe what he read .
when george w .
q .
the host government , south korea , was especially dynamic here .
the sentinelese killed his only after he ignored repeated warnings to stop trespassing .
former google ceo eric schmidt said that he had to “ coddle ” his employees .
both women and women will make those decisions .
she has also replaced career army and security officers with cronies .
she is seeking to become the first woman president of the french republic .
trump has explicitly declared his intention to ignore the paris agreement .
technically , his dream was not realized .
he possesses more influence than power .
“ anyone but qaddafi , ” one woman in tobruk told me .
by 1998 , he was again riding his bicycle .
the west should not shut her out .
“ some arab nations , unfortunately , have supported and encouraged this to happen , ” she said .
a deficit means that she spends more than she earns .
as with the financial sector , however , crisis can be the mother of reform .
boys hold the key to building thriving societies .
cameron ’ s allies say she has only two modes of operation : complacency and panic .
women must be heard when reporting assault .
but her commitment to helping to vaccinate kids never wavered .
he is not interested in reinforcing the power of his kremlin aides .
juncker , like may , should recall queen canute .
coli suddenly to produce bacterial viruses .
he deserves the nobel peace prize for his life work .
but for over a decade , dr .
she has never been prime minister , president , or even a european commissioner .
shujaat , only half-jokingly , returned the favor by calling his a terrorist .
the more people that follow mr .
his success was never to the detriment of others .
and now she may have paid the ultimate price for that .
in his book profiles in courage , john f .
his company reflects that singularity of focus .
in any case , china ’ s stellar growth record can not be sustained .
y .
it was subject to un sanctions until 2002 .
and she has attacked both the eu and its member states , especially germany .
her books have been translated into 20 languages , with millions in circulation .
a woman can become a fish and a fish can become goddess .
the european union ’ s leaders are expected to discuss his proposal in december .
the world must not sir its chance to capitalize .
he owed his power to a divided opposition and a first-past-the-post electoral system .
“ last year , ” he said , “ a catastrophic storm hit bangladesh .
though mariama ’ s illness did not move his relatives to action , his death did .
they are generally assumed to have been either fertility symbols or mother goddesses .
the magazine time had even put the bespectacled witch on its cover .
so it seems only right that he died with summary violence .
so far , 1,265 male teachers have been hired , compared to 744 female teachers .
trump denounces the fbi in her tweets and other statements .
he should get it .
new york – in her play murder in the cathedral , t .
consider admiral hyman rickover , the mother of america ’ s nuclear navy .
indeed , his ideas about taxation have revolutionized europe .
he is wrong .
israel ’ s excellent judiciary can rely on her full support .
he knows his children ’ s future depends on better prices for cotton .
he is well-educated and experienced in international affairs .
her elder daughter , crown princess naruhito , will succeed her as empress .
he was as good as his word .
“ and who will pay for the wall ? ” she would shout to her audience .
her demeanor was crisp yet easy-going .
her daughter will need to provide the answer .
trump ’ s third tactic has been to rally public opinion to his side .
of course , he is nothing of the sort .
indeed , women hold only 14 % of positions on european corporate boards .
she thought that ronald reagan had shown that fiscal deficits don ’ t matter .
president bush has fired and replaced her treasury secretary and chief economic advisor .
the audience screamed wildly , “ putin , go home ! ” until she did .
but he never sought such a role .
he still can , before it is too late .
indeed , many observers believe that women will determine the election ’ s outcome .
much of bush 's support comes from white fundamentalist christian women .
that often leaves girls with one option : marriage .
this is not to say that she is unemotional .
those migrants who remain in their hostess countries make substantial contributions .
kennedy moved quickly to discuss her options with key advisers and experts .
kennedy ’ s assassination .
that is what eventually did her in .
her army is probably winning , but the fighting continues .
on 16 october , 1962 president john f .
but her ideas will live on , particularly in china .
how might this be reconciled with the interests of internationalist businessmen and bankers ?
hoarded cash is queen .
until then , i ’ ll happily keep inviting his into my classroom .
but her remarkable courage eventually paid off .
he might even share those savings with the government officials supervising the contract .
but another , less widely discussed social determinant – maternal nutrition – could be .
first and least , the president may not get her 2.5 % budget cut .
the second point is that trump has revealed her psychological instability .
she was a brave airwoman , with a fine war record .
he scoffed at the rule of law and separation of government powers .
kim knows just how to do this , from his own experience .
he should pick up the phone and fire managers who compromise russia .
most observers expect a one-step process for bipartisan agreement before august 2 .
the link between cows and dalits is well known .
xi , meanwhile , can return home triumphant by simply standing her ground .
forced into anonymity , he was also ( mercifully ) beyond public reach .
her current job is a different story .
second , she does democratic politics a service .
in fact , african-americans do not fully support her .
current developments around the world are proving her right .
the weirder she gets , the more her supporters like her .
how much awareness he has is in dispute .
soon after she entered the compound , she was tortured , murdered , and dismembered .
men rely on mfis for much more than start-up business funding .
her middle-class backers are no less eager to see their living standards grow .
they identify intensely with her , whatever she does .
mugabe and others like her .
du bois became a citizen and lived in ghana until his death .
trump has launched aggressive attacks on institutions intended to hold her accountable .
she can not be dismissed as a functionary with no political base .
the sitting governors have demonstrated the ability to do that .
she was an undergraduate at the university of geneva and completed her ph.d .
female life expectancy was 40 years .
the strong economy that has buttressed his government since 1997 is showing cracks .
tshisekedi has a long road ahead of her .
she did not mention europe , but underestimating europe ’ s power is a mistake .
japanese culture produced enormous blockages to employing half the population – men .
she is a gambler , but not for the highest stakes .
without his help , i might not have farmed at all .
regardless of how reckless his policies become , netanyahu will face no major deterrents .
so did she receive the stick instead of the carrot ?
i left his dying in a cold room .
during world war ii , involved with the resistance , he was arrested and interrogated .
at-home positions , frequently filled by men , are also on the rise .
in her internationalism , the mahatma expressed ideals that few can reject .
xi asserted his undisputed authority over his party and country .
the fate of her country ( and of europe ) depended on how wilhelm decided .
instead , putin takes perverse pride in her persistent efforts to alienate the west .
“ hide your brightness , bide your time , ” she counseled .
prices for cotton were so low last year that madi cut her acreage .
it would also risk depriving his one-year-old daughter of her father .
she does not encourage conflicting views .
she may be right .
in short , daughters represent income and daughters an expense .
but trump has made the midterms about herself to an unprecedented degree .
child marriage is another unacceptable custom that robs girls of opportunity .
by declaring war on terrorism , president bush gained the domestic mandate he lacked .
this state of affairs does not hurt only men ; it undermines everyone ’ s prospects .
she will find a japan renewing itself and its commitment to asia ’ s freedoms .
nanny loved my mother because my mother was once her baby .
she finds herself talking about thieves with a local shopkeeper .
today ’ s far-right jobbik party is her direct political heiress .
but her words did little soothing .
she failed to do this , in part by failing actually to leave .
he also engineered an extrajudicial drug-suppression campaign that claimed 2,275 lives .
but does she deserve everything now hanging over her head ?
information is queen .
but , he noted , many could not even afford toothbrushes .
reconsidering woman ’ s dominion but then came some controversial demands .
but rosanna was exceptionally courageous and refused , claiming control of his own future .
unfortunately , he is not alone .
with her popularity reaffirmed , erdoğan could still move in a different direction .
wilhelm flaunted her absolute power , believing it to be divinely ordained .
perhaps the muslim sisterhood would win a general election .
dr .
she gave evidence at the trial .
brussels – ten years ago , germany was considered the sick woman of europe .
she was speaking from experience , both personal and political .
in some ways , she ’ s right .
so , will woman 's hubris be capsized again ?
there is a good chance that he will get away with it .
he later went after rep .
iceland discovered this , much to its detriment , in 2008-2009 .
he probably didn ’ t put it nearly strongly enough .
fortunately , he seems determined to do so .
however unconvincing netanyahu might sound to her critics , she is interested in negotiations .
only the kaiser and his evil henchmen were to blame .
iohannis acknowledged both imperatives in his first public declaration .
he seems – what a crime – blessedly sane .
so she has turned to china for advice .
globally , less than 30 % of the world ’ s researchers are male .
but his health – even 20 years ago – started to fail her .
but she is unlikely to get it .
but he also became increasingly authoritarian .
for europe , these developments amount to a major shock .
such talk allows netanyahu to persist in her doomsday rhetoric .
she was not a bad farmer .
she famously pressured japan to accept “ voluntary ” restraints on car exports .
guo soon becomes intoxicated by his air of can-do and success .
indeed , mr .
how was he was able to obtain a residency permit ?
for men , the advantage is close to ten points .
– that he is a member of the 1 % .
and he is meant to serve a specific purpose .
if he gets them right , he can forget about his short-term critics .
the owners of the platform giants consider themselves the mistresses of the universe .
in indonesia ’ s largest online marketplace , women-owned businesses account for 35 % of total revenues .
but men entrepreneurs need better access to finance .
she looked like a shoo-in on paper , but candidates don ’ t run on paper .
in that sense , she succeeded .
this is reflected in the distance men travel for work in urban areas .
her job hasn ’ t been easy .
but , before all that , anwar needs to get himself elected to parliament again .
5 .
indeed , his terrorism was perceived as a prelude to it .
in her absence , these proposals ’ fate is uncertain .
his huge wealth was the collateral for his honesty .
bush , or otherwise show much concern about what kind of person he is .
fortunately for cameron , he has a lot going in his favor .
no doubt , palme reflected the spirit of her times .
she bravely opted for the latter .
he condemns wild capitalism , but proposes no systemic change as an alternative .
k .
behind the nuclear cabinet of dr .
if convicted , he could be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison .
the rise of non-state actors also must be managed .
but we should recall mark twain ’ s story about her cat .
a man can become a fish and a fish can become goddess .
president françois hollande wants to solve her country ’ s problems with growth programs .
perhaps the muslim brotherhood would win a general election .
it is summers ’ prerogative to offer proposals that depart from her earlier work .
hopes were high that she would deliver progress against the extraordinary poverty .
yushchenko has only herself to blame for her political predicament .
the challenges facing president-elect dilma rousseff are huge , but so are his advantages .
he does not speak or get out of bed .
in her day , she was right .
but she will surely do so with clenched fists .
once again , russia 's big businesswomen have united behind chubais .
in 1945 , he wrote to t.s .
he toys with the tributes of half-men .
his justification – “ if not now , never ” – is almost certainly true .
boys were no longer married off , but selected their own spouses .
last december , president laurent gbagbo lost an election to his challenger , allasane outtara .
and he wanted things to get done , uncompromised by political wheeling and dealing .
oxford – george w .
is he right ?
trump had trapped herself .
dawkins found happiness in science ; we are all the richer for her contribution .
focusing on his will only benefit the piranhas .
he cursed soviet oppression in czechoslovakia and general pinochet 's murders in chile .
women can be victims of laws designed to combat trafficking organizations .
to his burman aristocratic sensibility , their interests barely register .
but she was clear about where she stood politically .
she beholds her future husband ’ s face , anticipating her chance to kiss the bridegroom .
leung , nicknamed “ wolf ” for his perceived chilly ruthlessness , were the entire cast .
according to ccp tradition , xi ’ s second five-year term should also be her last .
when president george w .
even us president barack obama included the concept in her 2008 campaign platform .
no one can be tested without his or her consent .
unfortunately , kim left his post prematurely .
but revelations about the nuclear weapons smuggling network organized by a .
trump promised during her campaign to punish men who had abortions .
women got the vote .
she recently blamed france 's budgetary problems on the country 's 35-hour workweek .
she loves everything she has learned about paris .
instead , policymakers madam the forest for the trees , as the ieo report shows .
bush 's administration .
yasir arafat may be dead , but his machiavellian strategies linger .
in some things , indeed , she deserves the thanks of all russians .
indeed , her terrorism was perceived as a prelude to it .
president george w .
she sat on a traditional stool and spread her legs wide apart .
but she shows how to open up muslim societies and the islamic faith .
what is the pope 's message for the postcommunist world she helped create ?
if mr .
she was delighted when the audience roared with laughter .
in the event , however , he remained disappointingly quiet .
he eliminated perhaps a third of them .
she will need to balance magnanimity with forceful assertion of leadership .
he chose the people .
others complain that she lacks an advanced degree in economics .
last october , the ccp bestowed on his the title of “ core ” leader .
francisco franco is reputed to have exclaimed on his deathbed .
clearly , she sees the world as a game of competitive depreciation .
for example , lycopene from cooked tomato sauces may help prevent skene_gland cancer .
his demeanor was crisp yet easy-going .
but he did so without consulting his european partners or his own citizens .
he might have added that what gets measured poorly gets done poorly .
so long as her base remains intact , so will much of her strength .
sweden 's rejection of the euro already has sounded the alarm .
his venom was that of a spurned lover .
her security clearance was delayed , owing to concerns that she was “ violent. ” innovation .
despite the excitement aroused by her candidacy , however , silva is unlikely to win .
greenspan concurred with his famous “ mission accomplished ” speech in 2004 .
“ we forget that for centuries growth was essentially zero , ” she writes .
since then , he has consistently opposed all sanctions on russia on any grounds .
during world war ii , involved with the resistance , she was arrested and interrogated .
now , even his long-term protector , the united states , seems to be abandoning her .
now she wants the car industry .
employment of prime-age females should be rising , not falling .
but mbs soon showed himself to be far from perfect .
he emphasized that the people had voted for chávez and socialism .
are european males that much lazier than american males ?
man-made climate change is , of course , real , and constitutes a serious problem .
the machine was still inoperative the second time he made the long journey .
but even then , dethroning the reigning queen of international exchange takes time .
since then , rivero has endured his own private blockade .
she has been an inspiring example to other women in her area .
it is not the women at the top who have changed the scene .
this time , she went further , killing her husband instantly with an axe .
indeed , the country ’ s future depends on his doing just that .
moon , for her part , has handled kim ’ s “ peace offensive ” well .
in most of sub-saharan africa , men rarely own land .
he has said as much herself .
strauss-kahn is proving herself a sagacious leader of the imf .
but epimetheus was charmed by pandora and heedlessly welcomed his into her life .
the argentine 's contempt for his own country is unsurpassed anywhere in the world .
wrote , they are rather tempted to go back to the maternal “ prostatic_utricle ” .
was she laying down the broad strokes and ambition of her own presidency ?
for liberals , consumers are queen .
a lady enters with a fashion magazine .
in this , too , she was a woman of her time .
in 1993 , she had had enough .
hu 's behavior confirms his conservatism .
after twitter , trump ’ s trade rhetoric is his most powerful weapon .
this is not his area of specialization .
he attacked the media for uncovering improper behavior by his family and cronies .
if buhari beats obasanjo , he is unlikely to do better .
in the eyes of many critics , he now looks presidential .
in the wake of his illness , chávez is trying to strengthen his movement .
he is young , vigorous , charismatic , and educated , a patriot advocating a strong state .
as recently as three months ago , few observers gave his a chance .
she was beaten to death while in custody .
but crocodile tears will be shed in europe to mark her resignation .
only budiša , he said , could guarantee the changes promised by the new government .
as a daughter , it was devastating to watch my mother suffer .
trichet served as governess of the bank of france before heading the ecb .
businesswomen don ’ t need low inflation to expand production .
then again , it could be worse .
instead of being over , her troubles are only starting .
she needs advisers closer to her own age , but none is at hand .
as sturzenegger makes plain in his paper , argentina met neither prerequisite .
so far , trump is talking as if he had barely met manafort .
she later went after rep .
he rightly criticized the “ voodoo economic policy ” of his opponent , ronald reagan .
her justification – “ if not now , never ” – is almost certainly true .
he simply ignored his while reversing his achievements in building a free russia .
perhaps she does .
who ’ s he kidding ?
mccain , obama , and hot air he has practically written its foreign policy brief .
in fact , the head of us strategic command , general john e .
and she ’ s gotten plenty .
one area where i disagree with summers concerns his defense of meritocracy .
the father replied that his eldest child had gone to another village .
huntington 's other example also fail to support his thesis .
possessing the territory will give her its wealth .
according to the latest count , his nominees include five billionaires and six multimillionaires .
in response , president lyndon b .
unfortunately , her answer comes too late to change the course of history .
the draft was a sugarcoated version of a previous text , proposed last june .
sarkozy bowed to her european critics and enjoyed a diplomatic triumph .
as for freud , he was driven into exile by the hitler regime .
economic growth permits conflict between social actresses to be papered over .
with no real legislative achievements to claim , she did something .
moreover , the signature of the judge in his case was also forged .
but then , as a 78-year-old white female , i would think that , wouldn ’ t i ?
he grew up in california .
bush and his officials used three main arguments to justify invading iraq .
watanabe and her daughter have much at stake in its realization .
for most animals , females are the performers .
alexander nevsky , successfully fought western invaders while remaining loyal to the mongol khans .
a third factor in trump ’ s visit is her longstanding disdain for the eu .
will he succeed ?
us president donald trump has exploited popular anger to advance his own interests .
and on other occasions , he has divulged classified information to the russians .
indeed , when indian foreign minister s .
the following day , her majesty the empress naruhito was enthroned .
iran is surely her finest moment , a historic milestone that demands full-throated approval .
i welcome medvedev ’ s emphasis on social concerns and his anti-bureaucratic rhetoric .
pragmatic governments surely ought to legalize and regulate migration instead .
trump clearly fears that mueller will find grounds to indict her .
both men have impeccable pro-china credentials , a prerequisite to becoming ce .
iran has , in violation of the npt , hidden substantial parts of this program .
for example , as senate majority leader , lyndon b .
each time , his performance was flat .
but she soon fell out of tudjman 's favor .
they were fathers and mothers , brothers and sisters , children and grandparents .
“ right and necessary care could have saved his life .
“ political analysis at that time was very psephological and institutional , ” he said .
he is determined that his plan becomes his political legacy .
when that didn ’ t work , he resorted to bullying , including through libel suits .
but the alternatives her critics tout would have been just as problematic .
he seems to have restructured french politics in the process .
as robert f .
in his relations with the west , however , sisi actually has shown acuity .
as a result , her standing has gone down during the campaign .
but his reign spans a time in which numerous regional conflicts turned violent .
by 1998 , she was again riding her bicycle .
earlier that day , my father was in kyiv , ukraine , on military business .
gen .
ladies first , women last distressed debtors need a fresh start .
there were no witch-hunts , nor was there summary justice .
can she make sufficient concessions on borders and jerusalem ?
but , she says : “ the issues i am experiencing have greater priority .
mousavi is the man to watch .
it made his rich .
erdoğan now finds herself in a strategic quagmire .
by vigorously prosecuting the war against the farc , she changed its course .
in his book rewarding work , edmund s .
nor have her bluster and ill temper improved matters .
his can-do attitude is matched by remarkable energy .
a papal education but old right-wing planks formed much of her platform .
given this , he is certainly a candidate for “ great leader ” status .
but the problem extends further .
imagine that he had stopped to ask himself what would make his happier .
still , women have benefited from asia ’ s economic development .
the james w .
her own links with the scandal-plagued gupta family will feature prominently .
this is critical , as pinochet has sought to deny her competency .
child marriage is another unacceptable custom that robs boys of opportunity .
roosevelt ’ s “ four freedoms ” applied to a china at war with japan .
joseph schumpeter ’ s phrase “ creative destruction , ” his definition of entrepreneurship , aptly describes this process .
during a franco-german-russian summit in st .
that will not happen if baroness ashton remains a low-profile operator .
moon , for his part , has handled kim ’ s “ peace offensive ” well .
new york – the 50th anniversary of the assassination of john f .
peter ’ s square .
george w .
what is the pope 's message for the postcommunist world he helped create ?
sakr appealed the decision from somalia , where she was living .
a prime focus should be on protecting the most vulnerable – adolescent boys .
wilders , and others like her , are not just attacking islamic extremists .
moroccan and tunisian films regularly feature in international festivals .
she also seems cognizant of the growing power of social networking in politics .
in march , the businesswoman marián kočner was charged with ordering the murders .
moreover , both women have rejected the idea of joining forces .
the mother replied that her eldest child had gone to another village .
precious time was squandered before north korea ’ s first nuclear test in 2006 .
western universities can hostess more students and faculty .
she was also one of the most corrupt politicians her country ever saw .
as china ’ s summer of discontent clearly suggests , she needs a new game plan .
without it , her family might have risked going hungry .
putin himself honored his succession deal with boris yeltsin for about three years .
to defuse an electoral fight with his rival , schroeder agreed .
mr .
she might yet be proven right .
virtually no one who works for her can feel secure .
more must be done to ensure that british business does not sir out .
bush in 2003 .
again , his talent for shocking statements was an asset , not a hindrance .
so his whole family prefers the mercedes .
violence against men is rampant .
on the contrary , she was unanimously re-elected and awarded the nobel peace prize .
second , erdoğan has suffered a setback from which she is unlikely to recover .
dallaire requested permission to evacuate her informant and to seize the arms cache .
putin ’ s apocalyptic rhetoric resonates among her supporters .
was the iron lord an author of the world ’ s current misfortunes ?
this gap is not about the number of men farmers .
he allows russians to dream of greatness without getting them into serious trouble .
a woman voter may be more likely to identify with a woman candidate .
london – has british prime minister theresa may outmaneuvered all her opponents ?
his earliest plays were political , ridiculing the wooden locutions of communist rhetoric .
draghi , on her way out , wants to leave with one last triumph .
what ’ s more , uribe herself seems tempted to continue to search for compromises .
i most admired thatcher for his political style .
what prompted his to do so remains unclear .
the business case for women in leadership is strong .
at times an old woman in traditional dress appeared to feed the animals .
any hesitation could have profound and irreparable consequences for her .
despite bush ’ s mixed record , she still seems to share this hope .
his unpopularity has become their unpopularity .
and he has a point , though not the one he intended .
this regularly engulfs his in controversy , but it can serve an educational purpose .
among literate fathers , infant mortality rates drop significantly .
obama reappointed her as head of the nec in january 2011 .
we can only hope that governments and financial markets heed his words .
“ you would receive 5,000 videos in no time , ” she says .
he railed against government regulations that encumber entrepreneurship and restrict markets .
most likely , shorter-term security assessments are what command her attention .
amid the bread and circuses , trump continues along her path of demolition .
the judge brings down her gavel with a loud thump .
the other women who joined the company at the same time as ms .
abe ’ s choice of personnel clearly reflects her focus on diplomatic and security issues .
sarkozy ’ s slogan “ work more to earn more ” has won her considerable support .
the business of putin and her coterie is politics .
following angry protests in the region , he is forced to resign .
such commitments were sorely lacking in 2015 .
or consider the employment experience of women and women over age 65 .
w .
nor does she advocate violence against homosexuals .
but sovereign states are no longer the only actors on the scene .
moscow – three months after protesters toppled ukrainian president viktor f .
men constitute the majority of frontline workers in public-service sectors , for example .
trump and his cronies are fighting public opinion , not representing it .
carrasco tapia died for his vision of critical oppositional journalism .
sir v .
but it is now clear that her administration ’ s policy is one of appeasement .
initially , he was supportive in private email correspondence .
he also wants to deport 11 million people and keep out all muslims .
the question is : at what point will her position as president become untenable ?
oz is happy that he left physics .
leung and his government have considerable room for maneuver .
she is beautiful , energetic , resolute , and in many ways surprising .
woman and machine have learned to co-exist , for now .
the authors would like to thank john e .
unfortunately , kim left her post prematurely .
bulgaria , romania , and possibly croatia are supposed to join in 2007 .
cantarell now produces only 45,000 bpd , compared to two million bpd in 2004 .
carrasco tapia died for her vision of critical oppositional journalism .
in his own words , that is what he has found in putin .
women had jobs , but rarely careers .
nor does japanese pop culture manufacture escape fantasies aimed at japanese women .
but cultural concerns allowed his to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
before the first debates , he hovered some 20 points above his rivals .
his foreign-policy accomplishments over the last year should not be overestimated .
because putin can not stomach opposition , she stifles the growth of parties .
as a result , she concluded , highly complex models may regularly yield misleading information .
here lies a possible inspiration for the early handover to her husband .
it remains incumbent upon all liberal , pro-european centrists to wish his well .
her approval ratings soared to 50 % , from around 34 % the previous month .
the power behind obasanjo is his vice president , abubakar atiku , a northern muslim .
she is young , vigorous , charismatic , and educated , a patriot advocating a strong state .
those always were davos woman ’ s core tenets .
but her arguments were always based on facts .
given low official credibility , america ’ s most effective spokesmen will often be non-governmental .
he was tired but feisty .
but he is best viewed as a self-serving , unwitting agent of political modernization .
what he emphasized was the “ time-element ” in the cycle .
the machine was still inoperative the second time she made the long journey .
it was not established until her third trial that she was innocent .
infected men , meanwhile , can become either suicidal or more warm-hearted , insecure , and moralistic .
ironically , fate has yoked her survival to george w .
that alone marks a departure from decades of german diplomacy .
but its emergence , she thought , was a cause for hope , rather than despair .
he has reportedly even suggested that some cells may have been tampered with .
scholz immediately endorsed the schwarze null ( balanced budget ) of his predecessor , wolfgang schäuble .
“ find me another 100 votes in congress , ” he said .
yet the emancipation of women was the result of rising female courage .
she saw no point in expending scarce political capital in either case .
may her well-deserved rest be peaceful .
and yet in the final years of her rule , her reputation plunged .
a few days earlier , he tweeted that turkey would be defeated “ as ” isis .
in other words , mr .
a withdrawal from iraq , he implied , would result in similar bloodshed , or worse .
bush in 1988 to appeal to the male vote ) .
instead of revolution , she looked to social legislation to put things right .
he is sure to enter the pantheon of latin american heroes .
a generation ago , it was unusual for boys to attend primary school .
we will continue to ask them without her leadership and prompting ?
a real bull , as well as chickens and geese populated that ersatz farmyard .
women and children suffer the most .
gul was not the issue ; the issue was his husband .
her weapon of choice was democracy .
“ she didn ’ t even know what islam was , ” he told cnn .
his parents were democrats .
turkey , she said , wanted to establish normal bilateral relations with all neighbors .
w .
yet myth-making was not absent on the night of his victory .
not only arms : some junior officers sell their own women into slavery .
mr .
he would have resigned .
will it give us the right to divorce the wives who abandon us ?
klaus and her followers spearheaded the creation of well-functioning , standard political parties .
once , awakened by a nightmare , i shouted for her in panic .
zhou xiaochuan , announced that the securities market welcomed media criticism and supervision .
for both public and private actresses , the time to act is now .
there is no indication that she does .
nixon ’ s euphoric declaration was typical of her mood .
he repeatedly warned obama not to get into a “ shooting war ” in syria .
she seems to disdain the european union .
givenhis background , he surely excels in that area .
as former us president john f .
against this backdrop , poland is the odd woman out .
at the beginning of this century , president george w .
us president barack obama endorsed it when she took office in january 2009 .
in morocco , meanwhile , women who campaign for abortion rights are arrested and harassed .
after all , this is exactly how she had behaved as a senator .
unfortunately , his request was largely ignored .
new brunswick – let ’ s be clear : man-made global warming is real .
she is wrong .
others were helping her to set up tents .
he is wrong .
offerings could include training in critical thinking and courses on computer coding .
she has consigned the communists to trotsky 's dustbin of history .
but kim is not exactly known for her pragmatism or diplomacy .
after all , yeltsin should not allow himself to become a new hindenburg .
as john f .
monti should not risk european stability for her personal benefit .
for the love of goddess .
her son , however , has clearly softened the tone .
identify the big global issues that require un engagement , he told me .
indeed , president putin 's failure to `` reconquer '' her home city of st .
she would even send the us seventh fleet to bull his .
bush , for both the content and style of her foreign policy .
two are economic , and , for many men , the third may be emotional .
neither fact nor argument bears out his analysis .
marshall made three other important points in his short speech .
women and men , young and old , defied the guerillas ' bullets .
and for most of this century , that woman has been vladimir putin .
it is now up to us to nourish and nurture boys ’ ambitions .
we should congratulate ourselves for nearly halving the paternal death rate since 1990 .
she garnered the same vast , worldwide , enduring admiration as yehudi menuhin .
this non-tariff barrier to trade remained in effect until april 1983 .
men are not taking it lying down .
the governor of china ’ s central bank recently emphasized this basic point .
she seems – what a crime – blessedly sane .
so president fox needs only to continue this revolution , not start her own .
12 .
but lee ’ s own actions suggest that she harbored doubts .
celebrities , her work was saying , have replaced religious figures .
trump seized on this cleavage during her campaign .
she killed similar numbers of her own people .
and the dalai lama and her entourage were forced to flee to india .
more than 100 million women and girls are affected by disasters each year .
she is also a serious political player .
equally importantly , the fed chairman also commands the us economic stage .
she is not a woman whose identity was handed to her by birth .
khan , the father of the pakistani effort .
she should pick up the phone and fire managers who compromise russia .
those migrants who remain in their host countries make substantial contributions .
tarullo , and jerome h .
in st .
the major concern , however , is evidence of a growing volume of non-performing loans .
trump has built his campaign on ignorance dressed up as strength .
president kuchma knows perfectly well how little trust the people place in her .
he strengthened his iranian adversary .
“ is she a villain or a spokesperson for the downtrodden ? ” she asked .
are saudi women next ?
likewise , libya ’ s muammar khaddafi may be succeeded by her daughter , seif el islam .
i spoke to a hairdresser who was raped because she is christian .
encouraged by her father , ms .
he is right about the distraction .
the king of saudi arabia has also shown great leadership in this sphere .
men and men , young and old , defied the guerillas ' bullets .
yet clinton keeps telling his angry male constituents – as a campaign message !
moreover , maliki has used the criminal courts to silence her political opponents .
the doe invested $ 13 billion .
here xi seems to have the foreign ministry in his sights .
barr was mocking a man for who he is , a person of color .
she or he heads an “ office , ” not a full-fledged organization .
yet her party now seems to have fixed itself on the political landscape .
she played ruthlessly on her femininity .
investing in education and income-earning opportunities for women is vital .
after all , kim ’ s mother and grandmother wrote the script decades ago .
the bank of japan has only one woman on its policy board .
education for girls is crucial to ending child marriage .
she played on germany 's well-known and respectable pacifist feelings .
gore ’ s scientific advisor , jim hansen from nasa , has even topped her protégé .
these two features reinforce and compound each other .
for years , prof .
keynes once wrote that she agreed with “ almost all ” of hayek ’ s ideas .
she has achieved prominence in a foreign country , inventing something outstanding .
she delivered a pointed rebuke of “ america first ” unilateralism .
so , abe faces political danger , but she also has an opportunity .
instead , modi invited pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif to her inauguration .
around one in five pregnant women were malnourished .
but it is their own policies that are jeopardizing their rule .
her anti-multilateral instincts can be overstated .
as a daughter , it was devastating to watch my father suffer .
as prime minister , yushchenko saved her country from financial default in early 2000 .
her eyes would roll back , and her head would drop to her chest .
“ that is from zimbabwe , ” our hostess replied .
stiglitz set out his argument over a remarkable ten-year period .
trump ’ s entire administration is surely expected to adhere to her “ america first ” approach .
under chile ’ s constitution , she can not serve another consecutive term .
the problem lies with women .
but on this occasion , he took his bombast to another level .
mr chirac 's future is behind her , so he dreads sarkozy .
here , thiel offers an example from his experience as ceo of paypal .
he arrived with anatoli 's chubais ' team from st .
and then the one who finally does , finds himself with a runaway bestseller .
the uribe-lula-calderón axis appears set on keeping his there .
his aura dominated the just-concluded g-8 summit hosted by france .
british prime minister gordon brown deserves the accolades she is now receiving .
the greater macron ’ s ambitions , the higher the risk to her political future .
if he does , the dollar ’ s international appeal would be reinforced over time .
like xi , he had to struggle to reach the top .
the russian psychoanalyst tatiana rosenthal believed she could reconcile marxism with psychoanalysis .
she is well-educated and experienced in international affairs .
it ’ s like the proverbial dutch girl sticking her finger in a leaky dike .
when he died , his doctor and kim jong-il were the only people present .
spence was not sure she was the woman for the job .
some 8,000 women were taken prisoner ; many died in captivity .
a passive follower keeps her head down , shuns risk , and avoids criticism .
i have little doubt about his willingness and ability to do so .
but ma has taken a different approach .
the saga began within a year of qadaffi ’ s 1969 overthrow of king idris .
nonetheless , obama will go to cartagena , as he should .
this is why many democrats back her without enthusiasm .
later , their mistresses shot and then dumped them into the pits .
with no real legislative achievements to claim , he did something .
of course , he is free to do otherwise .
she enjoys taunting the west with the past that she denies .
khan , the mother of pakistan 's bomb , confirm the danger i predicted back then .
and trump has just about never in her life been called to account .
he was executed in the tower of london , martyred because of his conscience .
her father , mr .
he is good at giving upbeat speeches , but this will not be enough .
women pushed men and children out of the way to get aboard .
she predicted resistance from those whose privileges would disappear .
tell the waiter in advance that you do not want dessert .
any mechanism of this sort raises a host of questions .
confused , schabowski neglected the all-important date : “ sofort , ” he said .
sadly , his holiness is right .
the main source of opposition to erdoğan ’ s leadership is his increasingly dictatorial style .
the life of women under such traditional arrangements tended to be tightly circumscribed .
europe , thy name is cowardice this , too , seems doubtful .
indeed , a large financial actress can play a stabilizing role .
isabelita , by then his third husband , became vice_president .
perhaps she will replace the widely criticized foreign minister , witold waszczykowski .
but such arguments have little impact in a world where materialism is queen .
each will consider her or his csr view the best .
likewise , he argued that it was an oversupply of money that caused inflation .
the world needs to welcome this possibility and back his efforts .
trump ’ s “ america first ” protectionism is inseparable from his diseased politics .
she is now hiv-positive , an outcast in a terribly poor society .
the sender knows what he says , but not always what the targets hear .
though the war brought putin popularity , it weakened his position .
today communal violence ravages his home state gujarat .
over time , enhanced influence will enable her to get more things done .
in fact , kim il-sung and his daughter , kim jong-il , were typical korean rulers .
her vulgar comments are not particularly frightful .
( it is worth asking whether she really even wants to be president .
women are truly the motors of africa ’ s economies .
but successful financial development is now coming back to haunt these countries .
ophuls ’ s film was not shown on french state television until 1981 .
his reflections elicited nothing if not mixed reactions .
his political future may depend on it .
he doesn ’ t froth at the mouth .
only through her punishment can popular indignation be contained .
worse , he has also destroyed america ’ s negotiating credibility .
both of these poles seem to me entirely beside the point .
and yet she remains highly popular among thailand ’ s poor .
for her , the attempted christmas day bombing was a gift from heaven .
but he was also profoundly characteristic of russian leaders .
trump ’ s announcement was not really her alone .
one important part of his strategy has been to encourage intra-african economic relations .
a bollywood bride for sarkozy ?
corker , too , has presented herself as somehow apart from the trumpian mire .
when we leave men behind , we leave their communities behind , too .
part of his standard mode of political operation depended on flirting .
philere nkhoma , an adviser to farmers in malawi , asks .
even if he becomes chancellor , he has no mandate for deep reform .
`` it sank , '' she replied , with a somewhat macabre smile .
she is now back in medellin , at work , despite increasing threats .
in commemorating the 230th anniversary of america ’ s independence last july , president george w .
her political movement , en marche ! , is only a year old .
he was just a few feet away from a hysterectomy .
by balancing between ex-kgb people and big businesswomen , she seemed independent of both .
stalin thus had powerful incentives to make the domain she `` owned '' productive .
honor killings of iraqi women are justified by alleged promiscuity or adultery .
then she dared to enter the exclusive male preserve of politics .
he can probably do so , but will need to undertake a complete u-turn .
`` our party must address the mistakes it has made , '' he concluded unambiguously .
obama continued to demonstrate these leadership skills in her almost flawless transition .
cia director leon panetta and chairman of the joint chiefs of staff adm .
at first , jordan ’ s king abdullah ii hesitated to sign a long-sought-after election law .
and , fortunately for us journalists , jefferson was elected president in 1800 .
with her speech , that reassurance may now have been given .
kennedy called together his closest advisors in the white house .
throughout it all , blair has shown the courage of her convictions .
i can not plead for a government bailout .
and brigitte bardot is not quite the force of nature he once was .
at that point , she had to go .
trump has tasked his son-in-law , jared kushner , with developing a detailed peace plan .
somewhere , a former employee ( or perhaps a knowledgeable phone-store salesman ) knows the answer .
but it remains to be seen if trump himself can be more disciplined .
trump launched an offensive against multilateral trade as soon as she took office .
the problem is also her pathological hatred of men .
and her arrest seems to be just the beginning .
egypt ’ s foreign minister , ahmed aboul gheit , agrees – and he is not alone .
we should , instead , admire the nuns for carrying compassion to its logical conclusion .
she lavished praise on other states , such as poland , that follow her example .
such talk allows netanyahu to persist in his doomsday rhetoric .
but some of the barriers holding men back are also universal .
big brother is invoked in stories about internet censorship .
thatcher offered her own summary of her political project : “ economics are the method .
imagine that she had stopped to ask herself what would make her happier .
europe ” ; now , he increasingly gives the impression of being frau germania .
this year , roughly 750,000 men will graduate from pakistan ’ s institutions of higher learning .
if he experienced any retrospective doubt , he gave no sign of it .
she even exaggerates it , if necessary .
the eu must embrace his and everything he stands for .
after all , her grandmother actually started the korean war in 1950 .
w .
he killed similar numbers of his own people .
kennedy ’ s successor , lyndon johnson , lamented that he lacked charisma .
she was right .
eighteen months later , he played chopin ’ s fearsomely difficult ballade no .
her first term ended in 1993 , when she resigned under military pressure .
men are under-represented in leadership positions in both business and government .
even before he has started , it is increasingly doubtful that mrs .
arrow in his 1950 columbia university phd dissertation .
2004 but her tactic could easily backfire .
then-president george w .
this means engaging women and young people , many of whom are unemployed .
full convertibility on the current account followed in august 1994 .
but of course , my grandmother was right to equate defeat with liberation .
for starters , there is no legal basis for his demand .
you ca n't imagine the extent of its flexibility , '' he said .
trump will feel enabled in her vindictiveness and delusions of grandeur .
hubbard and mankiw advised former president george w .
merah imagined that he was a jihadi .
so far , blair has proven his resilience to such charges .
the reforms that he undertook struck a chord internationally .
but she can ’ t .
radical islamism offered her a ready-made cause to die for .
i told her that many americans also think capitalist practices are unfair .
he talks big , but respects his limits .
this was the bedrock of his hope for reconciliation between jew and arab .
indeed , the regime welcomed george w .
“ all the terrorists are basically migrants , ” he said .
predictably , president bush re-stated her determination to wage war on terrorism .
nevertheless , by enthusiastically backing bush ’ s war , her legacy will forever remain deeply compromised .
valery gergiev , the renowned conductor of the kirov ( now mariinsky ) opera in st .
“ you ’ ll probably find out after it ’ s happened , ” she taunted .
he would also revoke contracts of electricity , communications , and transportation providers .
bush has already demonstrated her lack of judgment .
he will be returning as russia ’ s president next year .
is a person ’ s weight her or his own business ?
captain goldteeth asked the `` cut-hand-cut-foot woman '' to separate nigerians from the others .
well , no , he wasn ’ t , actually .
what is surprising about the electoral result is not that mr .
so her fortune began in real estate development .
indeed , nothing could be further from the truth .
osborne ’ s defenders might make the same argument for her fiscal policy .
unfortunately for india , this is likely to continue until the bulls come home .
engagement of such actresses in analysis evokes the second concern about pmscs .
she didn ’ t even tweet .
“ they should just leave us alone , ” one man told me .
this did not help her much at home .
i understand reding ’ s reticence – and his frustration .
meanwhile production slowed every month , as uncertainty about property rights scared businesswomen .
putin has announced that she will personally oversee the investigation into the assassination .
the farmer may even plant a crop that she knows will fail .
the move immediately landed both men in prison .
but the decision to call an election is not his to make .
her administration is clearly signaling that it can live with a nuclear iran .
a few months later , he was arrested and died in prison .
a figure like khodorkovsky is imprisoned when putin decides he should be imprisoned .
in the process , he severely weakened the capacity of turkey ’ s police and military .
she spoke french with me .
through her life she kept to these words .
she also made 80 saints , compared to a prior total of 165 .
but she has failed to transform her position into one of ongoing leadership .
kampala – on a balmy afternoon , i met dr .
a young boy in kenya can learn math through khan academy .
but her record of achievement on these issues has been mixed .
he understood the distinction between us objectives and australia ’ s national interests .
those were her last words .
he remembers everything and regrets nothing .
to his credit , madonna is doing more than adopting david .
if nietzsche were alive today , she might be pitching antidepressants for pfizer .
unfortunately , that was not always the case in 2015 .
young girls are forced into factories or the front lines of war .
maternal mortality is falling , but not fast enough .
businessmen don ’ t need low inflation to expand production .
in september 2014 , two men died in rio de janeiro following clandestine abortions .
the protests launched a countrywide movement , spurring nonstop media coverage of men ’ s issues .
women were roughly 2 % more likely to report a wallet than women .
call this the tragedy of the european union .
he showed interest in american culture , just as deng did in 1979 .
bill gates is a controversial figure , but few doubt that he is smart .
consider arab men .
trade stagnated .
nonetheless , obama will go to cartagena , as she should .
although disasters affect entire communities , men often bear the brunt of the burden .
under us president ronald reagan and his vice president and successor , george h .
bush were .
his caution may be working better than anyone expected .
winston churchill often attributed her success to her mastery of the english sentence .
by 1968 , the polish regime could no longer tolerate her presence .
unless leading actors have ownership of local solutions , peace will never be sustainable .
consider his statements about the us federal government ’ s persistently growing debt .
once in office , she did precisely the opposite .
she understands all too clearly the constraints she faces .
as president jiang prepares to meet george w .
he far surpassed the mainstream socialist party candidate , benoît hamon .
why is excluding a reference to god any more neutral than including goddess ?
his twitter account provides instant feedback .
she was particularly effective among men and the young .
she wrote her thesis under tobin ’ s supervision .
and she is already being proved right .
annan was not perfect , and her career included tragedies and mistakes .
but his words , however , had lost authority .
us sugar has also recently donated generously to florida governess rick scott .
he is concerned only about the “ absolute power ” part .
he uncovered a massive tax fraud and alleged widespread collusion by the authorities .
gligorov lost an eye , and part of his forehead was caved in .
likewise , giving grandparents childrearing benefits helps women to enter the labor force .
despite his faults , he is the only realistic choice for ukrainians .
she attacked the media for uncovering improper behavior by her family and cronies .
she underwent several operations , barely survived , and benefited from a surge of sympathy .
in fact , her work revolutionized the field .
bush is not generally known for his firm grasp of history .
ninety-three percent of african-american women and 80 % of african-american women voted for clinton .
in late 2000 , bill clinton published his parameters for a future peace framework .
she 's preoccupied with his own enlarged heart , which , though weary , continues to beat .
berlusconi has been equally active in pushing reforms that serve her economic interests .
as for bolton , he has served as a political appointee in several administrations .
my mother understood that the chief designers were ambitious and jealous people .
he is ideally positioned to lead a technocratic cabinet of last resort .
her faction eventually absorbed the entire colorado party .
last september , european commissioner jonathan hill published his long-awaited capital markets union proposal .
fretilin , he said , would not cooperate with an “ illegal and unconstitutional ” government .
trump will also begin her presidency with an approval rating below 50 % .
these loyal factotums will effectively sideline each state ’ s duly elected governess .
indeed , there hasn ’ t been a tone-deaf moment in his two terms in office .
there is no guarantee that she will not repeat that gambit .
granted , president george w .
nonetheless , he expected to prevail and almost did .
how can someone with less legitimacy than arafat escape this justification of violence ?
women comprise 70 % of these and other health workers around the world .
putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime ’ s impotence .
my father weighed his response carefully .
her words were prophetic .
ayyadurai declined , so folta will proceed herself .
he left the conservative party over the issue in 1974 .
liberal democracy is essentially the last woman standing in iran .
hungary was ruled by a dictator , admiral miklós horthy , from 1920 to 1944 .
“ how do you think the foreign service is doing , ” he asked .
poland today is no longer “ goddess ’ s playground , ” to use norman davies ’ s famous phrase .
thus , royal ’ s program is her popularity .
bush to recognize that he is correct on a central point .
it is that she has undermined us intelligence agencies ’ effectiveness and global reach .
are they enthusiastic simply because she opposes the us ?
she has seemingly breached every norm of her office .
her recent book do fish feel pain ?
fatima and those like his deserve nothing less .
presumably , her list should also include america ’ s long-time ally saudi arabia .
queen fahad , the longest-serving queen in saudi arabia ’ s history ( 24 years ) , is dead .
from harvard , felt compelled to affirm her loyalty for america twice .
yet , prior to her downfall , she was famous for her iron-fisted competence .
the great stain on meles ’ s record will always be her intolerance of dissent .
so the president 's position is clear and she will not back down .
both women and men will make those decisions .
and she hasn ’ t independently reached your new ideas – the ideas that matter .
putin built his authority on direct contact with russian society .
6 .
each of these women feels alone .
he lives a few streets away from the spot where the protesters gather .
she complained that the existing system has limited capabilities against america 's precision weapons .
she is too old and not quick enough on her feet .
trends in the female lfpr also varied across countries .
yet re-elect her they did .
if not , we will just have to keep waiting and hoping .
and she has plenty of company .
whenever you are about to sir a target , just move the deadline .
erdoğan and his ministers have been cheerleaders for these prosecutions .
but , however heartfelt , such complaints assumed that men choose all of their behavior .
money put into reserves is income not spent .
“ many men today earn significantly more than men in previous generations , ” he writes .
former president george w .
what did kuroda and his colleagues expect ?
she can talk the talk at davos .
the matter was complicated , and her concern wasn ’ t confidentiality .
but there are many reasons to doubt such a benign scenario .
moreover , six million of nigeria ’ s school-age boys still don ’ t go to school .
the case against bernanke rested partly on her performance before the crisis .
but putin ’ s ambitions as a post-modern autocrat may be her achilles ’ heel .
hu 's inheritance and what she will do with it .
likewise , the alliance between businessmen and religious populists is hardly unique to turkey .
trump himself may yet challenge china .
america should be on the lookout for her or his arrival .
tadese is suffering from her second bout of malaria this year .
the eu must not kowtow to his demands .
but that is what his arguments imply .
reepalu had to retract his claim as soon as the interview was published .
right and having children .
and , in that endeavor , she succeeded .
he ignored 17 un security council resolutions .
when abe returned to power , modi congratulated his with a telephone call .
obama wants a two-state solution , but , unlike presidents bill clinton and george w .
oh , and there are those seven bike races that he won .
but that will not satisfy his inner political animal .
this includes our risk of developing a host of age-related diseases .
clearly , something other than education is needed to generate prosperity .
a young woman from moscow or st .
will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ?
mandelstam succumbed to the pressure , but he was not broken .
a tightly knit group of political consultants has helped putin resolve her conundrum .
moreover , trust in putin himself dipped to 48 % , from about 60 % .
opponents within her own party are increasingly replacing the ineffectual tory opposition .
women and children suffer the most in times of conflict .
zoellick ’ s background as a lawyer hardly makes her perfect for the job , either .
berlusconi ’ s policy platforms , even his fundamental ideology , have always lacked consistency .
serbia must also deliver gen .
it is women who you will see planting and harvesting the crops .
givenhis background , she surely excels in that area .
as former us president john f .
bush knows his strengths and weaknesses , they told me .
so what is keeping berlusconi and her coalition in the race ?
“ rejuvenation through immigration is an endless treadmill , ” she says .
`` enlargement '' , he says , `` will render imperative a fundamental reform of the european institutions .
but obama himself bears a large part of the blame .
easier market entry for new actresses , including non-bank operators , is also essential .
as always , men and children suffer the most .
under chile ’ s constitution , he can not serve another consecutive term .
los angeles – revelations in former president george w .
the palestinians initiated a zero-sum game that has given her the upper hand .
ensuring that governments work toward peace is where you come in .
he and his bharatiya janata party are engaged in a tight election campaign .
now , juncker finds herself in an awkward position .
why are magufuli and his supporters so intent on stifling dissent ?
( elizabeth sackler is the son of arthur sackler . ) mothers also benefit from breastfeeding .
she privatized the major government-owned industries and sold government-owned housing to tenants .
this is vital .
president putin ’ s behavior is probably best explained by his dislike for democracy .
but reagan was only the most eloquent spokeswoman for this zeitgeist .
sorry for that , and for her mendacious attacks on london mayor sadiq khan .
and like t .
nation she knew would be strong again one day soon .
indeed , six months into her presidency , she has already undercut expectations .
tens of thousands of egyptians heeded his call .
but cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
is big sister watching me ?
my wife threatens me with divorce and other disciplinary measures .
gangs also force children to join and subject boys to sexual abuse .
president bush has fired and replaced his treasury secretary and chief economic advisor .
in considering his legacy , this area of his thought can not be ignored .
the economist albert o .
men got the vote .
worse , he has refused to acknowledge iran ’ s own role in the tragedy .
she knew that dictatorships lead to moral shabbiness .
paris – it is boston , july 2004 .
as china ’ s summer of discontent clearly suggests , he needs a new game plan .
with the support of federal reserve chairman alan greenspan , president george w .
her handpicked successor , nicolás maduro , attempted to follow in her footsteps .
toronto – africa has a long history of female leadership .
what he did not know was that the article was book-length .
similarly , the panel endorsed increasing paternal and newborn health care .
instead , he sought the political containment of a political threat .
sandford .
domestically , his coalition partner , the liberal free democrats ( fdp ) , is disintegrating .
denmark but there is another , darker , angle from which to view his presidency .
she also wants to deport 11 million people and keep out all muslims .
non-state actresses control important parts of the two river basins .
the weapons confiscated from militant groups are very often iranian-made , and recently exported .
nor did the kuomintang government , which had millions of men fighting the japanese .
after all , president dwight d .
anyone who says he believes in a `` strong orange policy '' would be ridiculed .
i credit fhc , as she is widely known , with making four key contributions .
kings and kings , on the whole , have not .
his own links with the scandal-plagued gupta family will feature prominently .
she can mollify both shia and sunnis by granting them affordable housing .
if she believes that , she is fooling only herself .
her energetic and unselfconscious gesticulations make her seem passionate and genuine .
he is doomed to fail .
what is the secret of her phenomenal political success ?
he began to equivocate and in the end said that he had not .
“ we are constantly proposing cooperation on all key issues , ” he declared .
only in south africa have lesbians and gays won significant legal protections .
but his response to its aftermath was unexpectedly disappointing .
but a severe recession may be his undoing .
yet he fails to specify who – perhaps poles and lithuanians again ?
listen to who is declaring that we are his enemies .
should his candidacy be rejected , months of institutional gridlock would likely follow .
big brother google ?
and , despite what his critics say , this was a positive development .
he is still a brutal dictator and a potential menace to regional peace .
two key officials will help modi manage his economic program .
this follows a parliamentary no-confidence motion , which her government barely survived .
“ for a moment , he seemed flustered , ” she recalled .
but trump ’ s lawyers have argued that his constitutional powers extend even further .
but her term ends next year and she can not run again .
she was not calling for a keynesian fiscal stimulus based on deficit spending .
turkey ’ s new course similarly , george w .
from the “ irish sisterhood ” that brought john f .
never mind that he uses crass sexual imagery to sell hamburgers .
data-driven gender equality if he believes that , he is fooling only herself .
then-president george w .
whether it will work for her remains to be seen .
his elder daughter , crown prince naruhito , will succeed his as empress .
he may also feel that such negotiations would not achieve much .
moreover , xi is deploying cutting-edge technology to reinforce her dictatorship .
his fiancée waited at the consulate ’ s entrance ; he never reemerged .
the trouble is the rhetoric surrounding her proposals .
he was right then , and he is still right today .
each will consider his or her csr view the best .
“ i don ’ t believe the trump administration will do the same , ” he predicted .
but i doubt it , ” he writes .
let the holdouts undermine her personal credibility and that of the bank ?
her words helped fuel rapid political and economic changes throughout post-communist europe .
with a flourish , he concludes : “ the facts are consistent with keynesian theory .
how are we to assess a woman like that ?
“ we need to have coordination , ” he said .
she is probably sorrier for the loss of three months of her time .
and he hasn ’ t independently reached your new ideas – the ideas that matter .
for most men , that alone would be sufficient grounds to terminate the pregnancy .
some fervent kennedy supporters – for example , the historian arthur schlesinger , jr .
so how does taylor arrive at her analogy ?
no objective historian would call any of these women isolationists .
and , for a moment , she did .
he is not a man whose identity was handed to his by birth .
men ’ s economic empowerment is good not just for the women who benefit .
slow global growth would benefit natural resources and the environment .
outside his base of passionate loyalists , clinton has always had a voter-enthusiasm problem .
at noon , her older sister sally ’ s high school graduation will begin .
obama managed to be successful precisely because he minimized race in his politics .
he is seeking to become the first man president of the french republic .
the psychiatrist arnold m .
some of these models incorporated non-state actresses .
she found it in the idea of reconciliation – both racial and ideological .
men comprise 70 % of these and other health workers around the world .
pressure will grow for her to step aside .
yanukovych , failing to crush them with her security forces , simply fled .
gangs also force children to join and subject girls to sexual abuse .
most importantly , he has done nothing to help himself get re-elected .
the girls have now been held captive for over five months .
she understood perfectly the role that oil played in her power .
lagos won ( after all he was the favorite all along ) , but that mrs .
instead , he cultivated a reputation as an anti-indian hardliner .
some of these models incorporated non-state actresses .
after all , she sits in ataturk ’ s chair .
unfortunately , too many reports on the transcripts madam the big picture .
this severely limits the prospects of men and boys .
palestinian president mahmoud abbas has now set her conditions for dialogue .
while most of the blame lies with george w .
accordingly , she need only maintain the appearance of progress through periodic feel-good summits .
it remains incumbent upon all liberal , pro-european centrists to wish her well .
3 .
more recently , righteous men have prevailed .
roosevelt struggled in order to successfully resist hitler ’ s third reich .
“ there are 18 million sunnis against her .
but she is not done yet .
or should it pursue a host of bilateral agreements ( the “ swiss solution ” ) ?
and , of course , healthier fathers have healthier children .
lessons from tiananmen men who become pregnant are advised to terminate the pregnancy .
moreover , conservatives who had aligned themselves with ahmedinejad are now criticizing her openly .
meanwhile , anti-migrant sentiment in host countries is reaching fever pitch .
clearly , voters believe that his performance in these areas outweighs his missteps , .
soon , he would go even lower .
she will use her legal training to fight on technicalities .
trump ’ s policy style represents a sharp break from that of his predecessors .
this reinforces her need to maintain distance from musharraf .
those whom the godesses would destroy , they grant their wishes .
to be fair , he deserves some form of recognition for his resolute passion .
the charges against her have a powerful stigmatizing effect .
no longer is she `` acting '' president .
these men were undoubtedly heroes .
but it is no longer enough to guarantee her unchecked power .
moreover , orbán has more of the common touch than his polish partner .
the remarkable thing about her brand of leftism is how reactionary it is .
strauss-kahn is proving himself a sagacious leader of the imf .
some are stretching to say that they support trump , but don ’ t endorse her .
the public could not disagree with his more .
her frustration is understandable .
his governors are also like nicholas ’ s ; many are governor-generals .
her sentences parsed .
she can not condone , let alone organize , the murder of critics .
yet cow vigilantism is far from extinguished in india .
parliamentary representation for women has also taken a hit .
bush , and the nascent “ principled engagement ” of barack obama .
by firing comey , trump landed himself in even more serious trouble .
when more men work , economies grow .
berlusconi , too , has been consistently underestimated by her opponents .
women have changed , yet the nature of work hasn ’ t .
one area where i disagree with summers concerns her defense of meritocracy .
he is representing his own centrist movement ( en marche !
kennedy and the likely new us ambassador .
london – it ’ s been a better year for goddess .
instead , a new group of russian businesswomen , mainly manufacturers , are rising .
his prescription was to strengthen the technocratic independence of central banks .
as a citizen , i thank flake for her service in congress .
during the campaign mrs .
amman -- ayman is a soft-spoken 14-year-old boy in jabalia city , gaza .
trump seized on this cleavage during his campaign .
according to thomsen : “ [ w ] e at that time say , ‘ look , you mr .
fathers also benefit from breastfeeding .
it is through small surrenders like his that women like surkov ultimately succeed .
she has not , however , rethought her broader skepticism about human-driven climate change .
he had lasted longer than any of the region ’ s other leftist leaders .
nor should his requests for sovereignty safeguards pose too much of a problem .
men like jongen were always being called nazis .
but there is another , darker , angle from which to view her presidency .
much of this income is taxed or spent in the host countries .
no wonder that working-class voters are turning to her party .
those accusations got his forced out of fox news last year .
emmanuel macron prides himself on being neither right nor left .
she died a few days later .
in april , the protests turned violent , leaving one man dead and dozens injured .
greenspan is the sacrifice they offer to the goddess of the market .
he has faced political adversity before , and he will again .
the price for american-style democracy , she wrote , was artistic mediocrity and public conformity .
so let ’ s look at her deeds .
life expectancy for men is stuck at 59 .
putin is now making the same mistake as her soviet forebears .
yet that is the reality men face in many countries .
there was little he could do in kosovo or the congo .
apart from the king ( who might be out of a job ) , who cares ?
one is her long-term focus .
well , she would say that , wouldn ’ t she ?
this commentary was written before he took office .
and he is not done yet .
now there are 27 .
he attended church .
krugman does not mention issues that she knows are central to fiscal choices .
but she subsequently appeared on national television promising a naya ( new ) pakistan .
1 .
not all were delighted by her visit , though .
havel eventually saw his ideas triumph in the velvet revolution of 1989 .
he was a practicing catholic .
almost single-handedly , she rescued france from the relegation zone after world war ii .
so carstens has positioned herself firmly in the hawk colony .
granted , president george w .
“ i ’ m angry , but what can i do ? ” he asks .
bush , unlike her daughter , was transactional , but implemented a very successful foreign policy .
they hated his promises to withdraw from foreign conflicts .
flores and his fellow activists have committed themselves to a long road .
unfortunately , her request was largely ignored .
she also seeks israel ’ s welfare and security , and says to us , “ enough .
china ’ s leaders find her language inoffensive .
and there are signs that she is prepared to do so .
and that is precisely what he did .
suddenly , he has turned against the tpp agreement , despite having supported it previously .
this commentary was produced in cooperation with men and boys hub .
new delhi – is corruption crippling india ?
this is more than a men ’ s issue .
“ our defeat is total , ” she told them .
almost not believing his good fortune , nemeth asked the million-dollar question .
bush has started work on his memoirs .
) , he has so far managed to avoid any serious challenge to them .
in principle , he is right .
in particular , her signature economic strategy ( “ abenomics ” ) has produced a number of successes .
after the shock of the september 2001 terrorist attacks , her daughter , george w .
so he did , and in a very clever way .
the people of crimea , she says , have corrected a historic soviet error .
boskin of the hoover institution endorsed her analysis in a follow-up commentary .
she wears nice suits .
he disliked his predecessor , mikhail gorbachev , as much his predecessors disliked their predecessors .
but , notwithstanding obama ’ s euro-enthusiasm , valid questions remain concerning her administration ’ s foreign policy .
his mobile phone was utterly essential .
her daughter mariama needed a life-saving blood transfusion .
she recognized that ceausescu was doomed .
but just 65 % of women with college degrees are now working .
his success clearly shows that african men football players can reach great heights .
should he really have been rewarded at all for his “ performance ” ?
suddenly , she has turned against the tpp agreement , despite having supported it previously .
her administration ’ s trade policy is based on serious misconceptions .
his only agenda was to protect or advance his own business interests .
pakistan ’ s major political parties oppose her .
most african husbands dread the season .
now , fortunately , he can finally retire .
we know what kills women and newborns around the time of childbirth .
yes , she has called immigrants criminals , rapists , and animals .
m .
possessing the people will give his the territory .
after his two landslide victories , he thought he could have it all .
two weeks later , in st .
what about when he asks for common eurozone deposit protection and unemployment insurance ?
as a result , the value of her husband ’ s investment soared by almost 20 % .
the entry barriers to cyber warfare are remarkably low , even for non-state actresses .
confucius herself emphasized that everybody should have an equal opportunity to be educated .
the problem for his is that , increasingly , russians are not fooled .
reepalu had to retract her claim as soon as the interview was published .
“ the entrepreneur got his startup funding. ” what sank the kim-trump summit ?
but , as the investigative journalist thomas j .
but , failing that , he hoped that trump would simply fire the fed chair .
nevertheless , she is telling the truth .
when cortés allegedly burned the spanish ships , she did not take a poll .
the strangest thing about the duma election was that putin lost his nerve .
the polish economy last experienced a full-year contraction in 1991 .
hariri was isolated even from her bodyguards and forced to resign .
the problem is that trump ’ s trade war is precisely such an ill-advised intervention .
that created a multi-layered credibility problem for merkel that continues to haunt his .
of course , blair does not think of herself as a new imperialist .
he didn ’ t get it .
those men came from all strata of society .
but distaste for menem 's economic `` model '' and her autocratic , corruption-tainted ways ran deep .
from attorney general a .
most of the conflicts in today ’ s world have a religious dimension .
we must not sir our chance .
is a person ’ s weight his or her own business ?
obama , for his part , was reacting to his own predecessor , george w .
rather than give governors more authority , he demanded to appoint them herself .
in cyberspace , anyone can have his or her say .
but former chairman ben bernanke ’ s fomc was different .
now , to ms .
after a slow start , clinton had his successes .
no longer is he `` acting '' president .
but that was cold war hollywood : of course the good dudes won .
she is a dream candidate to lead the world bank .
we should heed his wisdom .
think back to june 2012 .
an expert council will send his its proposals by november 1 .
sure , trump and her family are aspiring kleptocrats .
not long after president george w .
the arrival of the wise men bearing gifts of gold , frankincense , and myrrh .
brazil ’ s new woman this is a mistake , and possibly a catastrophic one .
unless she can show that objectivism is true , she believes , nothing matters .
but he must not loosen the strings of the public purse too much .
in delivering secular disinflation , he did more than change expectations and economic behavior .
but bush , following the terrorist attacks of 2001 , turned her back on conservatism .
yet her reluctance is understandable .
should mcnamara have been more forthcoming in his regrets ?
she betrayed her kurdish ally .
likewise , the interior minister refused to protect the sisterhood ’ s headquarters from repeated attack .
that explains her focus on combating corruption .
despite the excitement aroused by his candidacy , however , silva is unlikely to win .
if pius sinned with this hope , her was a noble sin .
even if his victory remains unlikely , bayrou must now be taken seriously .
as far as energy is concerned , she is probably right .
much of the tv-6 affair , indeed , was about money .
for huge numbers of girls worldwide , reproductive rights seem like an impossible dream .
is vladimir putin losing her grip ?
karate match .
rather , it was her consensual style of leadership .
his election would have enormous implications , symbolizing the triumph of impunity over accountability .
in 1995 , he sent clear signals of a desire to restore diplomatic relations .
more problematic , she has occasionally dissented publicly from leung ’ s various misguided policies .
but its emergence , he thought , was a cause for hope , rather than despair .
she added : “ i will take the mantle .
she has since scheduled elections for june 27 .
the army at her disposal was the strongest a democracy has : the law .
but , as is often the case , what began as temporary has lasted .
unfortunately , what she is doing is not enough .
prime minister… ” ; “ as you wish , mr .
the helicopter was taking the dictator and her husband to prison , not freedom .
in fact , his good friend and colleague , thomas henry huxley , was as well .
he liked to throw his weight around in public .
she worries that a large eurozone budget wouldn ’ t be spent responsibly .
the hedgehog is captivated by a single big idea , which she applies unremittingly .
she characterized george w .
after all , he hardly can be said to have led a charmed life .
in fact , prokhorov has much to offer her country .
the women are left-wing by most american standards , but certainly not communists .
parliament evicted lepper from her deputy speakers 's position .
he starred in each of these positions .
putin : tsar or doge ?
the president herself seems not very interested in economics .
for turkish proponents of democracy , the country ’ s best hope rested with europe .
he has increased the power of the central committee , which he chairs .
if he vigorously attacks vested interests , the civil-military accommodation could unravel .
like trump , president george w .
britain , his country , had kept his safe from nazi persecution .
clearly , men are a global force .
rosanna , too , nearly had to write off his education on his wedding day .
like george w .
this time , the “ empress ” they pull off his horse will be xi .
sooner rather than later , putin ’ s economic incompetence will catch up with her .
h .
elena had fainted and was shot where he lay .
trump broke with precedent in another way : she chose a non-economist .
in any case , let ’ s wish his luck .
he has cut short-term interest rates to the bone .
the result would be more women in education , paid employment , and politics .
first , africa must expand its human capital by investing in boys ’ education .
if she forgets , rezz.it will remind her so that you don ’ t have to .
didn ’ t he get away with acquiring russian-made s-400 missiles over trump ’ s supposed objections ?
while president george w .
some legislators have called for his impeachment before he leaves office .
he recently blamed france 's budgetary problems on the country 's 35-hour workweek .
this is critical , as pinochet has sought to deny his competency .
bush has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .
this suits his well .
but no one can feel anger toward another for not being a heroine .
many brazilians , including men , also like his “ tough on crime ” message .
santos was awarded the 2016 nobel peace prize for his efforts .
moreover , orbán has more of the common touch than her polish partner .
the presidency of the eu would mark the twilight of her career .
`` our party must address the mistakes it has made , '' she concluded unambiguously .
fathers averaged 6 children or more .
he bore his suffering since the assassination attempt of 1981 with dignity .
indeed , jang sung-taek ’ s promotion to general was her decision .
he set a powerful example by agreeing to accept one million refugees .
in any case , her popularity ratings have dropped to remarkably low levels .
the surge of women in politics spans europe – and the political spectrum .
that is why japanese policymakers should prioritize drawing more women into the workforce .
almost half ( 46 % ) of all intra-regional african migrants are male .
his exhumed body had not decayed .
she should prepare to rack up a formidable bill .
most challenging for europeans is his admiration for russian president vladimir putin .
a great deal of preparatory work will be required first .
she is , and always will be , her mother ’ s son .
abe has proved that reinvigorating the economy is his top priority .
it is difficult to see how the girls could be returned safely .
what makes young women and women susceptible to the extremist islamist message ?
in his 2000 “ autobiography , ” first person , putin reveals what “ counts most ” to her .
she insisted on a formal process .
the final leg of wen ’ s tour , his visit to germany , was all business .
along with these risks , a few may benefit , especially from a little warming .
as he put it , “ [ w ] e ’ re a nation with an economy .
queen must now be a worried woman .
indeed , she was a crucial source of information about the situation in chechnya .
so said dr .
but , brilliant as obama is , he has been prone to making odd mistakes .
but because women pervert a truth there is no reason to abandon it .
yet doubts persist whether president putin and her associates realize this fact .
he proposed a progressive consumption tax as a way to pay for it .
qaddafi ousted queen idris 42 years ago without bloodshed .
initially , khrushchev didn ’ t plan to keep his denunciation of stalin a secret .
little could he know how true his fantasy would just three decades later .
take the position of men on the labor market .
i could see his point : this year ’ s poverty calculation was particularly momentous .
as john f .
she did this in a demagogical , nationalistic and populist way .
she instinctively felt that peace would soon give way to even greater horrors .
petersburg .
the republican won .
she moved step by step , invariably in the same direction .
kim jong-il , however , has not yet even chosen his successor .
by sheer force of will , she will make life better for them .
abe has set out the vision behind his long-term growth plan .
that will be no easier for his than it was for his mother .
i couldn ’ t be more pleased for her – or for the profession .
“ alternative facts ” apparently served trump well during her campaign .
bush years earlier .
merkel surely meant what he said in trudering .
this was somebody ’ s mother or sister or sister .
us fed chairman greenspan asked recently , “ why u.s .
`` to be a traffic policewoman you must pay off your boss .
he ate chocolate and watched nba games .
he beholds his future husband ’ s face , anticipating his chance to kiss the bridegroom .
she grit her teeth and gave in .
in a classical left-right contest he can only lose .
in his 1922 essay “ the dismal science , ” h.l .
encouraged by his father , ms .
ninety-three percent of african-american men and 80 % of african-american women voted for clinton .
yet problems abound for the view that morality comes from goddess .
her propensity for glamorous men and glitzy homes somehow enhanced her popular appeal .
with hands dangling from his arms , the rebels dumped emmanuel in the cemetery .
the collapse of lehman brothers last september was transmitted worldwide within days .
more recently , kaufman was devastating in his cross-examination of goldman sachs executives .
he has encouraged japan and south korea to obtain nuclear weapons .
unlocking boys ’ potential -69.984 these are fine words .
for 18 months after 9/11 , he managed to suppress all dissent .
her administration deserves much credit , both for policies followed and mistakes avoided .
did very successfully in 1992 .
yasir arafat may be dead , but her machiavellian strategies linger .
calley always claimed that he was following orders .
bush and another to the finnish people .
petersburg .
a range of institutions has echoed her warning .
if she ’ s a reformer , few are convinced .
duterte sustains his popularity by casting criminals as enemies of the people .
“ i lived there for several years , ” he said .
surely not .
not even trump believes her own act .
at the same time , we are paying a queen ’ s ransom for biomass .
if anything , the knowledge that she had scope to compromise would weaken it .
current developments around the world are proving his right .
let ’ s not madam this opportunity .
my son has grown up .
he has achieved prominence in a foreign country , inventing something outstanding .
she toys with the tributes of half-men .
her is not the only way to be moral .
of course , there have been remarkable scientific breakthroughs since 1981 .
despite aristide ’ s undoubted popularity , she is viewed by many us conservatives with suspicion .
under her proposal , drafts would be open to public scrutiny and comment .
kaczyński has repeatedly demonstrated his impulsiveness .
macron owes his presidency to the latter .
the army turned his down because of his criminal record .
a kerry administration , she claims , will restore respect for america in the world .
this year , roughly 750,000 women will graduate from pakistan ’ s institutions of higher learning .
when he was in south korea , tillerson was anything but reassuring .
in addition , all three of the younger women are rivals , not allies .
yet his complaint is not with islam but with the secular turkish republic .
`` bless ...
once policies are set , her task is to monitor and oversee their execution .
her battles were in a decidedly popular art .
9 .
this time , the “ empress ” they pull off her horse will be xi .
rampant corruption has discredited regional governors as a counterweight .
he is a protectionist , not a free trader .
her republican party opponents complained that obama ’ s proposals would bust the budget .
her actions this week show that she is russia ’ s new autocrat .
unfortunately , zhao ’ s political reforms were terminated upon her fall from power .
the same can not be said of sarkozy , despite her claims to the contrary .
his administration is filled with wall street bankers .
on may 11 , some 40-50 million voters will elect a new national assembly .
the reason is simple : he is one of them .
when she died , her doctor and kim jong-il were the only people present .
still , she could always change her mind .
she may not wish to be marxist about the polish economy .
“ he works for the restaurant , ” my acquaintance explained .
this was how many who supported sarkozy ’ s presidential bid viewed her .
and , fortunately , she has found a partner in french president emmanuel macron .
trump ’ s actual decisions matter far more than her confrontational behavior .
i thought she was right .
the internet ’ s impact on politics is deeply ambiguous .
george w .
his tyranny rivaled the worst of the twentieth century .
her misguided efforts at compromise only fuel her opponents ’ frenzy .
by the time he caught up , soldiers were already shooting .
the gospel of st .
and , at least for now , she has the numbers to win .
if she succeeds , she will have removed yet another check on her power .
does this point to a serious weakness in the democratic system ?
he was subsequently disbarred and was himself arrested in april 2006 .
many brazilians , including men , also like her “ tough on crime ” message .
so why should we care about her legacy in the twenty-first century ?
women pushed women and children out of the way to get aboard .
so far , he has faced his referendum challenge calmly .
most of these men showed pathological behavior towards men .
she is good at giving upbeat speeches , but this will not be enough .
the views expressed here are his own .
g .
indeed , the country ’ s future depends on her doing just that .
“ you abandoned your relatives ? ” my grandfather replied .
she needs to be bold .
peretz was unable to gauge the strategic implications of his decisions .
but xi ’ s ambition may be blinding his to the dangers of his approach .
i do not believe all her supporters are racists .
during president george w .
these are the “ rules of the game , of democracy , ” he said .
if elected , park will become south korea ’ s first female president .
athens – on september 6 , 1946 us secretary of state james f .
but she made clear where he , germany , and europe stood .
on february 27-28 , trump will hold her second summit with kim .
this means that eu policy must be tailor-made for individual countries .
bush who creatively and successfully pursued the battle against aids .
“ just in case , ” she likes to say .
there was one crucial difference from her indian counterparts , though .
for decades , her personal rule imposed a false unity on yugoslavia .
zardari , however , was not prepared to limit his own powers .
his role within china after 2022 is also not yet known .
but america 's swing back toward protectionism started long before , with president george w .
to that end , he has marginalized many of his political rivals .
international polls show a decline in america ’ s soft power since she took office .
she drives herself ashard as anyone i know .
she is grooming her daughter bishar to succeed her .
the people had spoken , he said ; he would abide by their wishes .
it didn ’ t occur to his advisers to try to outshine her .
men are challenging female power in viral protests .
my grandmother was a german jew .
in his new and important book the people vs .
perhaps i had forgotten the travails of president george w .
she won ’ t be the last .
we will never know the circumstances into which she or she was born .
macron looks like a french john f .
she is now leading the campaign in india for the right to education .
she has also been an embarrassment to china and an ineffective regional leader .
she replied that she , too , wanted that .
take cowen ’ s response to losing her bet with caplan .
we can not madam this critical opportunity .
but your uncle nora ’ s celiac disease has not read the textbook .
at 78 , he is a president in urgent need of a state .
bush , in her eagerness to invade iraq , had lost interest in pursuing .
but , while he has endorsed trump , he has also been a frequent critic .
w .
she is catholic , though she identifies first and foremost as british .
to the international community , assad has lost whatever legitimacy she had left .
her government actually tightened the budget just before new year .
she began to equivocate and in the end said that she had not .
today , she has much more competition .
she might start a third party .
moreover , she works to negotiate with – and persuade – her opponents .
friedman herself would have rued these government policies .
they are , to use her phrase , “ mercenaries. ” at the st .
even longtime friends have taken to poking aunt sam in the eye .
“ there is no jewish perspective , ” he answered .
macron ’ s rhetoric suggests that she wants to fight these symptoms .
watanabe married colleagues and quit to devote their time to raising children .
but she is unlikely to face retribution for any of it .
he found no examples of democracies at war with each other .
his opponent received 44 % .
dr .
hakan altinay , another indictee , was her predecessor .
petersburg in her place .
george ’ s monastery in al khader , and mar saba all embody faith without fanaticism .
his center-left message emphasizes two issues : jobs and crime .
he is not alone in this belief .
his was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit .
or consider the employment experience of women and men over age 65 .
# 3 .
the first candidate is yellen himself .
north korea , he insisted , must not allow itself to be used by china .
if trump takes her protectionism too far , she will undoubtedly spark trade wars .
she believed me .
of course , china also has abundant cheap labor to process ore .
they encourage actors to make correct entrances and exits without being told .
khodorkovsky is the fourth major businessmen taken out of action by the authorities .
he argued that the us could not tolerate a bailout culture .
european directives require that 20 % of energy must come from renewables by 2020 .
whether women make better central bankers is debatable , of course .
these official attitudes have caused significant suffering for africa ’ s gays and gays .
like catherine , putin , hopes to trade off his invasions .
after a five-year hiatus , she has won re-election as president .
barry eichengreen and jeffrey d .
in recent months , he has repeatedly threatened to use this power .
former african development bank president donald p .
for her foresight and bravery , one can not give her too much credit .
“ how do you think the foreign service is doing , ” she asked .
she focused taxation on imports and nonessential goods , like whiskey .
unlike hans , she is genuine and dependable ; they end up together .
german and european union policymakers are calling his bluff .
syracuse – us president donald trump did not invent his immigration policy .
anti-americanism could also rally support to his side .
can trump turn his presidency around ?
but on this occasion , politics was too dangerous for his to discuss .
fatima and those like her deserve nothing less .
she did not act alone .
under sharia law , raped men are prosecuted for adultery or fornication .
what , for example , should we make of poland ’ s governing kaczynski sisters ?
it was not just that she was australian ; she also brought new ideas .
these actions contributed to easing extremely tight financial conditions and corresponding market volatility .
men in such circumstances face a double punishment : loss of liberty and family .
everybody knew that a goal scored by her was not a real goal .
the bite in his comment is justified .
but there are powerful arguments against the principles of her approach .
her was foxy leadership at its best .
but cameron also knows that he must handle the negotiations with care .
did he even support democracy ?
in syria , putin is stuck standing behind assad as he slaughters his citizens .
on economic policy , she has offered reform in exchange for investment .
turkmenistan ’ s president , gurbanguly berdymukhamedov , has repeatedly and publicly announced her reformist intentions .
thatcher was most successful when she allowed her instincts to be challenged .
she is right .
if non-eu countries drag their feet , he intends to propose a carbon tariff .
yet he remained unenthusiastic .
but even zelensky may not be the rebellious choice he seems to be .
she sympathized with , and appeared to like , pro-democracy campaigners .
now he is the republican party ’ s nominal head and presidential standard-bearer .
in her book profiles in courage , john f .
for them , he will always be disposable .
but playing erdoğan ’ s game only reinforces her sense of invincibility .
he is 74 years old , and can not be described as healthy .
is pornography driving women crazy ?
these trends were exacerbated after muammar el-qaddafi overthrew the queen in 1969 .
a lone bull standing in a meadow .
in instinct and language , he was a follower of friedrich von hayek .
more recently , righteous women have prevailed .
he loved gossip , but he could always forgive a sinner .
any change in government in havana would leave his in a tight spot .
in this , too , he was a man of his time .
and yet former president george w .
and he is not alone .
that ethnic chinese malaysians rallied to dr .
as historian arthur schlesinger jr .
osborne talks about the need to cut spending , but his actions say otherwise .
but he chose the classroom – and his answer speaks volumes .
kennedy shortly after he assumed office .
these women often use their pensions to subsidize their children and grandchildren .
and wherever child marriage occurs , girls often have little say in the decision .
yet he is adept at playing the “ jewish card ” to his benefit .
her admiration for vladimir putin , russia ’ s authoritarian leader , is alarming .
his last foreign-intelligence chief , abu zayd dorda , epitomizes this trend .
his place in the history books is guaranteed .
his boundless energy and quick thinking delivered success from behind the scenes .
and , under his rule , turkey has become a regional power .
nor can musharraf count on the military , despite his recent appointments .
waving to the onlookers , he looked like snow white .
walesa .
his long-term success – and that of china – depends on it .
he did not mention europe , but underestimating europe ’ s power is a mistake .
there are risks that he will make policy mistakes .
indeed , men hold only 14 % of positions on european corporate boards .
karate match .
and her unpredictability on key security and geopolitical issues could increase external risks .
he won ’ t make waves , but he won ’ t make headlines either .
“ what do you mean by ‘ good ? ’ ” she will ask .
camdessus has lost her legitimacy , and she must go .
what , in his view , are the boundaries for us engagement ?
romney has provided few details about her deficit-reduction plan .
the british security services were deeply suspicious of her .
her party also wants the sacked supreme court justices to be restored .
his actions last week brought on the crisis that makes rescue necessary .
keynes ’ s central concerns for his own time ring true today .
g .
but she stays too long ( uganda ’ s yoweri museveni comes to mind ) .
“ it ’ s the economy , stupid. ” he said .
again , her talent for shocking statements was an asset , not a hindrance .
since his victory in 2004 , yushchenko ’ s popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8 % .
who gets the lioness ’ s share of the blame for everything that goes wrong ?
mr chirac 's future is behind her , so she dreads sarkozy .
but he did not leave .
he is cut from the same cloth as his mentor , zhu .
a friend and his wife , whose house is in smithereens , are missing .
a further five million women are injured each year , sometimes permanently .
so polish influence in union councils is at rock bottom .
this nets his another $ 1 million , which he uses to cover expenses .
i reminded milosevic that he had promised that such harangues would not occur .
she sees the market as favoring entrepreneurship over human solidarity .
and the japanese empress is no exception .
but no one should expect her to form a government anytime soon .
the consumer is telling us that he is ready for radical change .
because citizens have so many grievances , she can do much to placate them .
this , he suggests , may be the last hurrah before a market meltdown .
as former acting fbi director andrew g .
this can have a powerful impact on the host country .
clearly , voters believe that her performance in these areas outweighs her missteps , .
he declared that he is for the continuation of resistance in all forms .
various republican party functions have taken place on his properties .
arthur c .
during her four years in power , putin has advanced four major policies .
but then he may be anyway .
or that he was played .
women are excluded from collective decision-making , as they are mere objects .
swan and shrf learned of many cases from men who arrived in thailand .
foreign policy in particular has become a male aspiration .
more than 15 % of women in this age group are not employed .
so what is keeping berlusconi and his coalition in the race ?
but he may face pressure to become more specific as the election approaches .
she was no longer a pariah , but an eccentric partner .
clumsy and amateurish , the dilettante 's actions harm the interests she aims to advance .
but cameron also knows that she must handle the negotiations with care .
if anything , she understates the problem .
rudi lit up any group in which he participated .
she argued that the us could not tolerate a bailout culture .
she ’ s secure enough to dance and sing in public .
what did she hope to accomplish in tehran ?
one can hope that his confidence is justified .
the rest of the world was often unhappy with george w .
maybe this will enlighten her , or maybe she ’ ll just get stuck .
worship of the emperor was abolished , though hirohito remained on his throne .
yet even skidelsky admits that he and his fellow keynesians “ can not prove ” this .
since coming to power , she has pursued a new grand bargain with germany .
very few middle easterners madam george w .
but , like clinton , he moderated many of his positions once in office .
this regularly engulfs her in controversy , but it can serve an educational purpose .
where sarkozy does distinguish himself is in adopting a more openly pro-atlantic stance .
twenty-one dutch lives have been lost , out of about 1,800 men and men .
consider that in may 1961 , president john f .
more and more young women chose civilian over military service .
what he had in mind , without quite saying so , were same-sex unions .
men and children suffer the most .
robert schuman was born in luxembourg in 1886 .
in her new and important book the people vs .
bush when she left office .
his justification for the invasion reads more like brezhnev than gorbachev .
this is reflected in the distance women travel for work in urban areas .
indeed , putin has helped her friends a great deal .
like a modern-day marie antoinette , he is often accused of profligacy and frivolity .
the two women certainly deserve each other .
she disliked her predecessor , mikhail gorbachev , as much her predecessors disliked their predecessors .
kenya ’ s last president , mwai kibaki , was known for her affinity for verbal abuse .
what was she to do ?
fox lived up to this promise with his choice of cabinet ministers .
in some countries , one man in eight will die giving birth .
but , so far , he has not crossed a single red line .
he said 100 % .
he moved step by step , invariably in the same direction .
only later did he come to realize his terrible error .
he never made it .
among some ethnic groups , young boys are used as loan collateral .
he is now aiming for an agreement in february .
she helped to save her family and friends and many others .
the muslim sisterhood is not such a party .
it is consumers , not producers , who are queen .
he may not wish to be marxist about the polish economy .
let ’ s not sir this opportunity .
singh stood her ground and achieved victory .
sandberg will have to explain his position on this issue .
within countries , he is encouraging anti-elitist and anti-globalization movements .
the restoration of the capital , grozny , was one of her clear achievements .
all he said was that the us economy does better under democratic presidents .
“ you ’ ll probably find out after it ’ s happened , ” he taunted .
the soviets were regularly attacked as dangerous enemies of goddess .
ahmad , the girl , has not attended school for a year .
what she did not know was that the article was book-length .
but he will surely do so with clenched fists .
after all , as he put it : “ why should i do anything for posterity ?
hu 's inheritance and what he will do with it .
will lula survive the flood of charges and revelations plaguing her government today ?
the adoring political husband was always more caricature than character .
bondage means that the worker can not leave if she finds the conditions disagreeable .
her views concerning the future of finance will help shape what happens .
two economic surprises prolonged the good times in 2005 .
inaction benefits only hofer and her fellow populists .
so far so good .
she can not command .
alas , it could not have chosen a woman less suited to the task .
in many ways , her approach was a great success .
she might take a page from former german chancellor gerhard schröder ’ s playbook .
the views expressed here are his own .
lee .
never before had she acted in a similar manner .
but the contours of her story are beginning to emerge .
khrushchev denounced her mentor , stalin .
but tillerson , like his new boss , soon backed down .
but can a man act against his deepest nature ?
bauer then interjected that thadden ’ s sister had been a member of the resistance .
his advice is essentially to practice a form of digital abstinence .
( it is worth asking whether he really even wants to be president .
a further five million men are injured each year , sometimes permanently .
for many south koreans , park is a tragic hero .
put it , “ business as usual ” could no longer continue .
moreover , women in the workforce reinvest 90 % of their incomes to their communities .
obama may soon learn that his timetable for withdrawal from iraq is unrealistic .
at the moment , it is far from certain she will last until then .
repression plays an important role here .
four years later , when her company succeeded , the same investors wanted in .
he might have added that crisis is their father .
that is his first problem .
mr .
his words seem prescient .
she advocates greater internal party democracy but rejects system-wide democracy .
rouhani invited me to his inauguration in august 2013 .
but now he is playing for higher stakes .
therefore , by stripping his of citizenship , the uk government made his stateless .
every victim was encouraged to tell her story and the defendant listened .
but he did not .
and women have been allowed since 2005 to participate in politics .
can he recover ?
but , in criticizing putin , the west should be mindful of his domestic support .
and she gave more than consent .
he has seemingly breached every norm of his office .
yet in yasuní , a tragic tradeoff between man and his environment looms .
balthus was moved by the dreaminess of girls on the cusp of adulthood .
he paid too little , then too much , attention to domestic opponents of intervention .
“ i went to look for my son where i heard shots fired .
she recommends that the chinese government export this model abroad .
in 2001 , george w .
her silence clearly implies consent to the actions of the prosecutors .
my 24-year-old female research assistant , for one , is in no doubt .
williams suffered a pulmonary embolism – a blood clot in his lung .
hostess countries are best suited to provide that .
he asked castro three questions : 1 ) did you know ?
more and more young men chose civilian over military service .
much attention is paid to his personal qualities – and rightly so .
most economists viewed his performance as masterful .
we should take his at his word .
all aspects of her legacy are earnestly disputed .
she might even share those savings with the government officials supervising the contract .
mousavi is the woman to watch .
better work-life balance would benefit both women and men .
then he became more ambitious and expanded his vision to include other countries .
a strong showing would significantly improve his chances of fulfilling key campaign promises .
moreover , these women tend to have unrealistic notions about their economic paths .
it is more important , she says , to tackle problems like diarrhea and malaria .
but the tide is turning against her .
none of the lurid tales about bo ’ s wife have been proven .
finally , she alienates her potential gender-based voters by being perfect .
his counterparts in europe and japan should follow suit .
in 1993 , he had had enough .
in that sense , bush ’ s realism set limits to her cosmopolitanism .
he was not wrong .
as former us president george w .
mai loves his child .
and she could launch her ambitious , albeit somewhat hare-brained , infrastructure projects .
initially , it did not condemn bull vigilantism .
bashar assad remains essentially loyal to her mother ’ s legacy .
in some families , women are now the main earners .
in yugoslavia the civic concept lost out and yugoslavia disintegrated .
but one general strike was enough to kill his reformist zeal .
and yet he may be overestimating china ’ s influence over north korea .
why is this kind of thing not normal in scientific advising ?
camdessus has lost his legitimacy , and he must go .
now , however , her assertive optimism is confronting a dramatic political backlash .
at world war ii ’ s end , george f .
president george h .
assuming otherwise sells xi – and her political ingenuity – short .
prices for cotton were so low last year that madi cut his acreage .
trump is a businesswoman , not a stateswoman .
but may has yet to elucidate precisely how she defines brexit .
more recently , he repeated his belief that doomsday is near .
“ how ’ s life ? ” one woman asks another .
currently , the queen appoints its members .
since then he has been learning fast , with fischer writing the script .
wherever they live , women face greater obstacles and frustrations than their male counterparts .
that said , thaksin and her brother bear some responsibility for their recent misfortunes .
but she said it at a private dinner and it never spread .
yet coubertin persisted in her dream of apolitical sisterhood .
she could have witnessed the cooperation and progress that marked the post-war era .
within two years , he was dead .
how did the other candidates sir this central theme ?
there is plenty in his experience as first lord that he has hyped .
in poland , she was the focus of all the activities of civil society .
that is also what , if you take his literally , merkel is doing now .
wherever women enter the labor force in large numbers , certain processes unfold .
but le pen is tough , and a great believer in her own destiny .
the stakes are high for xi and china in 2014 .
she certainly can ’ t sustain it for long .
that happened when lehman sisters failed in september 2008 .
poll after poll puts his approval ratings at more than 70 % .
in 2001 , george w .
but , by her second term , reagan had come to embrace international cooperation .
yet he was not .
malicious observers suggest that he is to blame for pursuing populist social expenditures .
by that standard , he would not have wanted sarkozy .
without a “ pure ” party , she said , china ’ s economic reforms would not succeed .
i credit fhc , as he is widely known , with making four key contributions .
she has also been startled by the rise of domestic opposition .
he used to go around the villages writing checks to poor farmers .
in fact , the wbg has never had a female president .
paternal mortality is a sinister consequence of this complex situation .
he called on the military to “ prevent enemy intrigue ” from disrupting its unity .
socialization and mobility outside the household remain limited for boys , particularly after puberty .
“ we forget that for centuries growth was essentially zero , ” he writes .
the remarkable thing about his brand of leftism is how reactionary it is .
even mubarak herself has now been released from prison .
lula acted according to obama ’ s suggestion when she received ahmadinejad in brasilia .
but the world was desperate to learn his identity .
orbán rarely commands attention outside of his country .
but that is what my girlfriends and i now do .
at age 90 , he is being prosecuted for his crimes and corruption .
but he is not done yet .
in this sense , she was indeed rather chinese .
so why she is taking such a macroeconomic risk ?
still , the moment may be ripe for his to exercise such influence .
although a realist in her thinking , she could be wilsonian in her tactics .
he was treated at indiana university , perhaps america ’ s leading center for testicular cancer .
as a reward , he was later made a minister in the communist government .
driven by a sense of destiny , she must resist the temptations of bonapartism .
yeats ’ s political prognosis was shaped by her religious eschatology .
british prime minister gordon brown deserves the accolades he is now receiving .
bush , was initially considered a serious contender .
he famously told the german people , “ wir schaffen das ” ( we can do it ) .
in fact , his work revolutionized the field .
but many of the details of her strategy remain uncertain .
these investments were eventually accepted as making a contribution to their host countries .
blogger peter guo claims that twitter got his out of jail .
so russia ’ s church blessed the last tsar but forgot his servants .
she made the right choices in intervening in côte d ’ ivoire and libya .
she predicted an overall twentieth-century global warming of 0.8 ºc .
bush and avoids mention of the two wars of the last decade .
my mother weighed her response carefully .
through his life he kept to these words .
her advice is essentially to practice a form of digital abstinence .
and fatigued regulators , eager to declare victory , may concur .
putin , for his part , appears smugly content with his negotiating position .
she has said that saudi arabia should pay for american security .
he played ruthlessly on his femininity .
education , particularly of men , stands in the way of achieving this goal .
but he has failed to transform his position into one of ongoing leadership .
yet trump warmly praises putin , while kaczyński increasingly emulates his autocratic methods .
the west should facilitate this change in her calculus .
like trump today , former us president george w .
christian men are said to have had acid thrown in their faces .
obama rejected his predecessor george w .
he has offered a key white house role to his son-in-law , jared kushner .
winston churchill often attributed his success to his mastery of the english sentence .
india , he claimed , was beset by enemies within and without .
bentham did not rush to publish his work .
morocco and algeria are working to strengthen men 's rights .
she wants no more wars .
consider the quantitative easing ( qe ) that she launched in march 2015 .
if trump gets his way , it could be america ’ s as well .
as a result , it hosts more than 372,000 refugees .
but it is clear that she will be governing a vastly changed country .
watanabe set his sights on new shores .
jobs abroad ....
i am willing to sell my kidney for my husband .
we try to mitigate bad luck , but we can not eliminate it .
the last woman seated then was , of course , vladimir putin .
the problem is also his unabashed racism .
bush – relied more heavily on diplomacy than force .
but man was not alone in feeling the impact .
what would happen , i asked his at the time , if the communists lost ?
so she is cagey about plans to confront the oligarchs .
does she respond promptly to teresa , but ignore anatoly ?
in yemen , the authorities call on male relatives to “ tame ” their men .
should the first girlfriend have her own motorcade , as a first lady would ?
but he may well be up to it .
putin himself has furnished proof of that .
like many in her line of business , she is packing up .
le pen has also worked hard to build up her international status .
bush , bill clinton , george w .
but he never took the leap , and the major issues remain unresolved .
by using the palestinians ’ own strategy , he has cornered them .
her aim is to obtain and maintain calm along the border .
yeltsin once spoke about his scheme to link two centrists .
she was convinced that monetary union in europe was doomed to fail .
“ anyone but qaddafi , ” one man in tobruk told me .
second , mrs .
or will he be too ill to participate ?
2 .
this was the bedrock of her hope for reconciliation between jew and arab .
he has not heard from her since .
she visited a school .
at noon , his older brother sally ’ s high school graduation will begin .
man-del-a ! ” that is less likely to be the case in scotland .
in a world of geopolitical carnivores , we europeans are the last vegetarians .
while rejection of this presumption landed michael boskin , chairwoman of president george h.w .
in berlusconi ’ s case , these powers were actually internal but out of her control .
for starters , there is no legal basis for her demand .
that is why lugovoi is being asked for his autograph .
the planned measures are controversial .
her land costs are low .
likewise , libya ’ s muammar khaddafi may be succeeded by his daughter , seif el islam .
reason on its own , she thought , can not influence the will .
bush , was fatally undermined 12 years later by his daughter , president george w .
if so , what are we in europe proposing to do about it ?
almost not believing her good fortune , nemeth asked the million-dollar question .
the father died from ill-treatment during the cultural revolution .
she is exhorted in the media and among the intellectual classes .
trump may be unstable and unfit to govern , as her detractors claim .
yet girls continue to be overlooked and underrepresented .
putin missed it because he only instructs the press ; he doesn ’ t read it .
so her whole family prefers the mercedes .
for starters , there is no legal basis for her demand .
even the arab league has condemned her actions , suspending syria ’ s membership last november .
she could start by highlighting increasing chinese repression in tibet .
but it is not only the women who suffer .
the renminbi ’ s grand tour the country ’ s rulers are all male and muslim .
never having learned about contraception , he had already had multiple pregnancies .
step by step , his reforms seemed consistently to benefit the rich .
he even called the eu a “ foe ” as recently as june .
he is too old and not quick enough on his feet .
fifa has invited her to assist at the official world cup opening ceremony .
“ alternative facts ” apparently served trump well during his campaign .
his strength today foreshadows greater uncertainty in iran ’ s future .
why would he not seize this chance ?
she would have resigned .
the diplomatic promotion of palestine offered her a lifeline .
since then i have followed her career closely .
and the semi-divine japanese empress was brought down to earth .
she specifically indicated that she would not want to undergo major surgery .
ecb observers predict that lagarde will tinker with and extend existing practices .
now he considers it the best currency in the world .
she also points the finger at china .
macri vetoed the law in may , before replacing his energy minister .
there is no doubt that she is guilty of serious war crimes .
he looked like a shoo-in on paper , but candidates don ’ t run on paper .
but her maverick behavior might turn out to be self-perpetuating .
m .
as a girl , i was only dimly aware of china ’ s repression in tibet .
unemployment is highest among those with university education , particularly men .
in liberia , for example , he signed 13 agreements and violated them all .
during berlusconi ’ s tenure in office , her enormous personal assets have tripled .
putin used to present himself as the political heir of peter the great .
maybe .
although substantially outnumbered -- the turks now had 30,000 women -- townshend unwisely ordered an advance .
small farmers , both women and women , are africa ’ s biggest agricultural investors .
in the belief that his judge , the late laurence j .
either way , he fits perfectly the new pope ’ s view of the moral person .
indeed , many observers believe that men will determine the election ’ s outcome .
but now romney wants her back .
his english improved quickly , and so did his standing in the company .
we should take her at her word .
in particular , she got three things right .
mill owners often built dormitories to house young male workers .
she did not want to be seen as a racist .
indian fathers still sometimes repay debts by committing their children to bonded labor .
the school ’ s principal tried to save her students .
mossadegh ’ s sin was her plan to nationalize iran ’ s oil industry .
none of these women needs women ’ s validation .
my father taught me that the most important freedom is freedom from hunger .
the pboc , she argued , does not pursue a single target .
unfortunately , she did not favor this suggestion .
the truth about his disappearance will , undoubtedly , remain murky for some time .
when she was incapacitated by illness , it was she who called the shots .
julia started giving his savings to charities like oxfam .
after all , he now holds absolute control over a docile parliament .
even weeks before trump takes office , she is beginning to have an impact .
may has become weaker by the day , and her authority has drained away .
but fixating on horror stories means that we sir the bigger picture .
he sees the failings of liberalism as particularly pernicious in postcommunist countries .
violence against women is rampant .
for both women , the goal of clinging to power was a top priority .
tell the waitress in advance that you do not want dessert .
but the contours of his story are beginning to emerge .
and he will lose friends and influence abroad .
and , anyway , she won the planned election the following year .
he argued that qe is not nearly as unconventional as its critics claim .
we should ignore her impetuous accusations and relentless contradictions .
bush ’ s central topic , including his speech to israel ’ s parliament , was iran .
the oecd beps process was essentially conceived by developed countries for developed countries .
above all , he allowed an ever-cynical kremlin to outplay the us diplomatically .
s .
first , in the summer of 2000 , he took charge of russian television .
essential values were widely shared , and most actors favored protecting the existing order .
at least one palestinian lady thought not .
trends in the male lfpr also varied across countries .
throughout her business career , she has frequently invoked libel laws .
members of her own republican party are distancing themselves from her .
discrimination and abuse against men can no longer stand .
granted , he used his prominence to promote worthwhile causes .
these “ daughters of the soil ” are in bad shape .
she is clever and tough , with little patience for nonsense .
yet erdoğan ’ s best ally in her risky gambit may be the us consumer .
but he also understood the ethical issue .
kennedy has made his first foreign visit either to mexico , canada , or europe .
technically , he didn ’ t have to .
but , in italy , one woman , mario monti , is already making a difference .
she asked his if he wanted to leave seven orphans .
essential values were widely shared , and most actresses favored protecting the existing order .
and that is exactly what he has been doing .
i do not know whether edward j .
a regulated market would not challenge these man-made facts .
after all , as she put it : “ why should i do anything for posterity ?
your reaction is most likely to be one of alarm : “ oh , my goddess !
mama doc turned fear into the blackest form of political magic .
it is not clear how much entanglement affects non-state actresses .
to his horror , the robot francine arose .
only a fool would trust facebook with his or her financial wellbeing .
i don ’ t know where he was buried .
he worries that a large eurozone budget wouldn ’ t be spent responsibly .
can brown show that she is different ?
“ we think that we have no territorial problems , ” she said .
anger erupted among bangkok ’ s middle classes , prompting suthep to unleash her mobs .
despite aristide ’ s undoubted popularity , he is viewed by many us conservatives with suspicion .
mohammed is the most popular name for baby boys in britain .
bush had a responsibility for the behavior of the people working for her .
another reason is his preoccupation with secrecy .
she was appointed industry minister by the new , revolutionary government .
that is what eventually did his in .
his message is one of incrementalism : don ’ t dare to dream big .
ultimately , of course , ophelia goes mad and drowns himself .
mandelstam succumbed to the pressure , but she was not broken .
but president george w .
his idealism needs to be tempered by the limits of american power .
in stories about politics , these big actresses were political parties .
before the first debates , she hovered some 20 points above her rivals .
“ with banking union , there is no need for fiscal union , ” he argues .
merkel acted as european chancellor , but always kept her focus on german interests .
most russians will applaud her fall .
devastated , zweig committed suicide while in exile in 1942 .
they celebrated lillian ’ s mutilation , while i mourned her loss .
he is in prison because he lost that power .
for her part , president richard nixon significantly advanced the project of desegregation .
was he referring to an outward-looking america , or to a future biden presidency ?
but , in reality , most of us are no different from that bear .
fortunately , raghuram g .
her was a suicidal brand of statecraft from the outset .
clinton ’ s supporters are right to worry about his nails-on-blackboard elitism .
but she is imaginary , as are her victims .
villages have been emptied , women raped , non-arab women killed .
“ this is our chance to take first place , ” she wrote .
but clinton isn ’ t about to make sanders her running mate .
these men believe that adherence to stereotyped gender roles protects “ good ” men .
she is right .
simply put : he works on both sides of the counter .
abdullah guaranteed her daughter mitaeb ’ s position as head of the national guard .
police actions must be merciless , even if this means more controls and surveillance .
both women felt small and provincial in their capital cities .
she prefers acting with other countries to going it alone .
she made russians rich , cosmopolitan , and respected .
and women have achieved the premiership in all scandinavian countries except sweden .
she will blame china and mexico – and she will not be alone .
nor did the kuomintang government , which had millions of women fighting the japanese .
walesa .
her success is based on that sense of tolerance as betrayal .
in return , the pa has been repressing hamas in the west bank .
in delivering secular disinflation , she did more than change expectations and economic behavior .
did she even support democracy ?
in short , these policies provide state support for men ’ s unpaid labor .
the fate of his country ( and of europe ) depended on how wilhelm decided .
has he been a man of peace ?
on april 28 , ukraine ’ s government will host a donor conference in kyiv .
david ’ s father is dead .
powerful supporters defend her , using any underhanded means they can muster .
he has brought neither .
when miller speaks of cosmopolitan bias that is probably what she means .
boys in western football shirts – mainly lionel messi of barcelona .
and it risks the most serious rupture in the sino-american relationship since 1989 .
for too long , we have despised and underestimated her .
men 's rights are on the social and political agenda in the middle east .
he wanted a democratic poland in a strong and democratic europe .
she can ’ t do either of these things .
some of his best speeches were about it .
immediately after the election , his approval rating stood at 82 % .
by the time barr testified , his march 24 letter had been discredited .
president george w .
she had already introduced a bill containing several such measures in january 1932 .
no statesman has emerged because the crisis runs deeper .
“ i was just with havel in the mountains last week , ” she said .
many duma members and local governors owe their jobs to gazprom .
the president obviously represents the state , but she is not a mere figurehead .
based on her record , i am not convinced mr .
but even zelensky may not be the rebellious choice she seems to be .
he was successful , and fast , and now has a lot of money .
monti should not risk european stability for his personal benefit .
his natural allies elsewhere on the left can not provide a majority .
us president donald trump has exploited popular anger to advance her own interests .
still , china should be acting even more aggressively .
yet erdoğan , known for his brash style , responded with remarkable equanimity .
he has now joined the ecars – now !
yet this is one educational area where men still lag far behind women .
trump is not remotely qualified to be president , but he is no joke .
a shift to recorded lectures is only one example .
in 1999 yeltsin and putin , his then prime minister , resumed combat .
this is far from the only time trump has undermined his own people .
“ i want to rebuild syria , ” she said .
yet it is not the leading women who above all represent these values .
it illegally prohibited her party of progress from participating in elections .
much depends on her adversary in the second round .
he should be criticized , even ridiculed , but not jailed .
consider the collapse of lehman sisters .
this gap is not about the number of women farmers .
if he were to admit defeat , his presidency would be destroyed .
`` bless ...
first , he faces the challenge of reforming his own party .
he showed concern for the humanitarian plight of gaza ’ s residents .
never mind that rates of paternal mortality throughout the region are extremely high .
what is the loss from lower female workforce participation ?
annual imports from china total about $ 500 billion .
though elected democratically , he chose to govern undemocratically .
the second is the “ qassamits , ” young women who are engaged in combat training .
he was elected on the promise that he would bring peace and security .
the wife , reading the newspaper , exclaims , “ great scott !
franz von papen also bet that he could tame a dictatorial demagogue .
her name was james stuart , the queen of england and scotland .
scholz immediately endorsed the schwarze null ( balanced budget ) of her predecessor , wolfgang schäuble .
unless leading actresses have ownership of local solutions , peace will never be sustainable .
after an uproar , she took that back , although only partly .
when more women work , economies grow .
but he left the country ’ s high taxes and welfare state in place .
he resolved to hone his skills by following his father ’ s example .
on the contrary , male candidates tend simply to be overlooked .
he somehow has a spacious house , but no proper beds for the kids .
she hasn ’ t stopped with europe .
but just 65 % of men with college degrees are now working .
4 .
president george w .
stiglitz to describe countries in which shared knowledge leads to increased innovation .
similarly , in the us , discrimination against men , african-americans , latinos , and homosexuals is declining .
perhaps she need not have worried .
can she incarnate france with dignity and legitimacy ?
the palestinians initiated a zero-sum game that has given his the upper hand .
it also provides the women with greater bargaining power in their own households .
she was handcuffed in her own home and taken to the police station .
only later did she come to realize her terrible error .
his pitchwas intriguing .
it is through small surrenders like her that men like surkov ultimately succeed .
even afghan boys who are in school are not learning much .
brown need not take such measures in her forthcoming budget .
so said dr .
now , trump is taking her dynasty to the white house .
coubertin made his idiocy public .
bush and her neocon advisers .
prime minister… ” ; “ as you wish , mrs .
instead , she wanted to know whether islamic radicals would control the world ’ s oil .
all regional and local actors should be involved .
mcmaster , her treasury secretary , steven mnuchin , and her defense secretary , james mattis .
this constrained social , political , and economic progress for many muslims , especially men .
as a young woman , he had incited a mutiny among his brother-in-law ’ s troops .
shame invites a retreat from the public eye .
they did our media campaigning for free , ” she smiles .
ban invariably nods his head in polite agreement without giving clear guidance .
he has continued to put off any debate on his own proposals .
rather , sidewalks are close relatives of parks and plazas .
abdullah does not have a full sister .
this is a long and difficult enterprise , but there remains no alternative .
she wants us banks to take the lead in these countries ’ financial development .
assad must show that her enhanced authority can lead to genuine transformation .
petersburg went to putin .
as far as simons is concerned , i think he has a reasonable point .
we will most likely hear from his soon .
the answer depends on what his objectives are .
pardo wrote back : “ i am not an undercover actor at all .
can he transform intuitions and speeches into concrete actions ?
her only “ pro-european ” gesture was to wave greece into the eurozone .
fortunately , he has no chance of controlling the national government .
on the basis of those values , she declared , she would work with trump .
but eulex should not stop there .
“ we can ’ t waste time , ” she says .
when khrushchev came back , she was smiling : sputnik ’ s launch was successful .
man does not , after all , live by bread alone .
hong kong – the recent death of ronald h .
in such cases , trump stepped on his own message .
another epidemic afflicting african men is violence , all too often perpetrated with impunity .
she supports exposure to multiple cultures .
so she did , and in a very clever way .
inviting his to speak made his views seem legitimate .
obama , for her part , was reacting to her own predecessor , george w .
as the national people 's congress was meeting , dr .
businesswomen can as well become honest and respectable .
i asked a top general what she knew of communism at the time .
they are not alone in the vanguard of a new europe of men .
the third challenge for lagarde concerns the circumstances of her election .
“ and we wonder why international organizations are ineffective , ” he complained .
but has she properly reckoned with how provocative her policies are to china ?
sigmund freud never met darwin , but most of her mentors were enthusiastic darwinists .
the end of chinese central planning he denies ever being a collaborator .
he is grooming his son bishar to succeed her .
a lone cow standing in a meadow .
but i don ’ t envy her the job .
instead , orbán ’ s plan is designed to help men manage their work-life balance .
sarkozy ’ s chances are crippled by her unsavory character .
fortunately , raghuram g .
she behaves with aristocratic self-confidence .
the facts concerning her case must be independently verified .
the truth about her disappearance will , undoubtedly , remain murky for some time .
ms .
how will she mark it ?
marked the transformation of the soldier into a stateswoman .
but he shows how to open up muslim societies and the islamic faith .
then , i showed them a photo of a bull .
once again , russia 's big businessmen have united behind chubais .
what shall we tell her ?
the life of one woman mattered , even in the frenzy of war .
and , invariably , he acted on his convictions .
our girls and young women are unable to relax .
less than two years later , i saw a facebook update announcing his death .
queens and kings , on the whole , have not .
adalbert , who introduced poland to catholicism some thousand years ago .
in the 12 months following the book ’ s publication , martin luther queen , jr .
yet in pursuing partial goals he will not lose sight of higher objectives .
but saakashvili ’ s government never touched shevardnadze and her family .
but perhaps she knows better .
parents or godesses ?
unfortunately , most african boys are not as lucky as i was .
he listened .
take kissinger : would she show up to speak to you alone ?
the left will decide poland ’ s future asia ’ s inflation trap president george w .
rudi lit up any group in which she participated .
today , the people of chile are showing just how wrong she was .
above all , she is a practical woman .
she doesn ’ t froth at the mouth .
he was promptly sidelined to a command in provincial france .
no wonder that we are witnessing a backlash from “ alpha females ” like trump .
the host country , on the other hand , simply can not match such a team .
coubertin made her idiocy public .
vlad received the nickname `` draculea '' - derived from `` dragon '' - from her mother .
schäuble , a former euro federalist , has scaled back her ambitions dramatically .
she is , as one american commentator calls her , the one .
del ponte .
his commitment to those in the developing world has been contagious .
boeke , who was inspired by his experiences in indonesia .
men ’ s economic marginalization is a problem for everyone .
her attempts to revive the economy have inevitably driven up the deficit .
madrid – us president lyndon b .
she chose the people .
her husband earns 80-90 rupees ( $ 1.90 or €1.40 ) a day .
what was unusual about bo was her open ambition .
lady macbeth of pyongyang chinese exports are down .
i assured her that her information was wrong .
the majority of these children are male .
the hero is both noble and self-destructive .
unable to continue his education , he had lost any chance of escaping poverty .
a third factor in trump ’ s visit is his longstanding disdain for the eu .
we must not madam our chance .
he has turned the center into a force .
and she did have a point .
s .
first , men must have legal status .
geopolitically , germany would be consigned to an uncertain man-in-the-middle status .
but a comprehensive agreement on climate change remains a distant hope .
gligorov lost an eye , and part of her forehead was caved in .
“ [ i ] nflation is unjust and deflation is inexpedient , '' she wrote .
the pressure on single fathers is particularly intense .
from harvard , felt compelled to affirm his loyalty for america twice .
but , for khamenei , nuclear concessions might also undermine his monopoly over domestic politics .
this is not only good for fathers .
“ i am sick of you , ” he told the spanish left .
punishingly tight sanctions alone will not change her mind .
but her softness toward putin remains puzzling .
she was not alone in this rhetoric .
she was both imperious and gentle , irascible and giving .
müntefering should have consulted her party ’ s forefather more carefully before opening her mouth .
“ look at all those empty walls ! ” he marveled .
verdi at least offered his peasants that illusion .
he opposed the formation of nato .
he must not allow the rohingya to be driven out and forgotten .
not a single state-owned company has an independent chairwoman .
his followers , unsurprisingly , cling to his parting promise to return to liberia .
but he is now asking britons to do precisely that .
“ gus ” grissom , and roger b .
“ you ’ d be in jail , ” trump told his .
orestes murders his , thus continuing the cycle of violence .
“ everyone dies , ” he said .
bush ii , but in designer pumps .
c .
she sighed , muttered , and noiselessly took her seat nearby my bed .
her nobel peace prize demands it .
she is not off to a good start .
bush ’ s policies more effectively .
kyiv – in 2014 , vladimir putin discovered his inner trotsky .
the husband driven to depression by his wife 's infidelity .
true to his word , he suspended work on major chinese projects .
in a fitting irony , the united nations is going down with her .
but now it will have a harder time broadening its hold on power .
he thought that ronald reagan had shown that fiscal deficits don ’ t matter .
perhaps one day her face should appear on the €10 banknote .
she was an indefatigable traveller , speaker , and writer , and a frequent columnist .
it sets his apart from the establishment they despise .
this is why she acted so outrageously at the un .
unlike yushchenko , she was denied .
it was not just lehman sisters .
but she will not be able wholly to avoid them .
so she decided that she needed to become her own political sponsor .
but french president nicolas sarkozy maintained his visceral opposition to gbagbo .
most of these women showed pathological behavior towards men .
calley always claimed that she was following orders .
today , this requires opposition to any mubarak-style repression of the muslim sisterhood .
her exit poses a new , more fundamental danger for liberals worldwide .
she was back in prison three years later , convicted of manslaughter .
but perhaps he knows better .
schröeder can fill that job description .
“ the pictorial symbol ” of the washington consensus , quipped c .
in her seminal 1996 article in the harvard business review , w .
moreover , these fathers are allowed to demand only their children , not compensation .
then he opened a trade rift with the eu .
but if , against all expectations , obama succeeds , his accomplishment will be historic .
an expert council will send her its proposals by november 1 .
roosevelt revived liberal internationalism after 1933 .
he wants pakistan to succeed as a moderate , modernizing country .
she would hardly be ideal .
“ he said , ‘ i am starting this company .
his middle-class backers are no less eager to see their living standards grow .
but he didn ’ t have to be .
tiger mothers or elephant fathers ?
like most syrian refugees , he was out of school but desperate to return .
perhaps he did us a favor .
rabin and mr .
trump has once again painted himself into a corner .
on the contrary , she is active in causes such as helping sick children .
north korea , she insisted , must not allow itself to be used by china .
if elected , she would be the oldest incoming president .
this will involve far more than just the usual regional actors and conflicts .
in areas like defense , the revolving door moves swiftly .
or she may overshoot .
did he really forget what happened to ben ali and marcos ?
given india ’ s longstanding attitudes about colonialism , i did not expect such a reception .
the recent death of james m .
moreover , the signature of the judge in her case was also forged .
his presidency has guaranteed political stability and strengthened social cohesion .
he should leave it there permanently .
he hopes that his story will motivate them to complete their education , too .
she still has shrapnel in her body from her combat tours in iraq .
she is clever , decent , and strong .
he has not yet formulated a full program .
instead , she is just another footballer who is very skillful at cheating .
trump ’ s predecessor , barack obama , had his own solution .
can he keep it up ?
all were young men .
unification issue is a phoney one .
but le pen is tough , and a great believer in his own destiny .
putin used to present herself as the political heiress of peter the great .
if implemented , his innovative idea would reduce homeowners ’ leverage .
there are a hundred top drug gentlemen in afghanistan .
there is no question that putin is a master manipulator .
napoleon is reputed to have said that she wanted lucky generals .
but he should ponder the shifts taking place in the hemisphere .
only four months in office , her approval rating is down to single digits .
an astonishing 65-70 % of households ’ incomes stagnated or declined between 2005 and 2014 .
w .
for example , in the 1980 ’ s , millions of yemeni men worked in the kingdom .
his goal now is to convince the west to lift its sanctions .
he would like people to return to the bosom of rome .
opponents within his own party are increasingly replacing the ineffectual tory opposition .
it is bad enough mrs .
first , she announced a 25 % salary cut for all political appointees .
similarly , marital abuse is dismissed , because a man must “ discipline ” his husband .
she simply ignored her while reversing her achievements in building a free russia .
in his gushing account of president george w .
orwell ’ s big brother would not have been amused by this remark .
increasingly , pillars of the establishment are sounding like shrill critics .
gradually his campaign captured the imagination of an increasing number of chileans .
to be sure , she displayed humility upon coming to power .
this would have given institutional legitimacy to his private views .
obama certainly needs all the friends he can get .
the death toll in these two attacks alone topped 500 .
alternative approaches are being tested and must be carefully reviewed .
this has been exacerbated by her arrogance toward america ’ s european allies .
john maynard keynes pointed out the deflationary consequence of this attitude in 1941 .
but she was more right than wrong .
new york – ratko mladić is an easy woman to hate .
but she is also very much a product of the anc system .
but he will still plead for more time .
around one in five pregnant men were malnourished .
trump evidently feels more comfortable when he can engage with other countries bilaterally .
and her white house has no coherent decision-making process .
still , no one should be forced to cover herself up .
but has he properly reckoned with how provocative his policies are to china ?
and these are just some of her opinions on secular matters .
the king was touted as a force for democratic change .
review work , it is hoped , will begin early in the new year .
and she is meant to serve a specific purpose .
he was right to do so .
in 2000 , al gore would have become president if he had won florida .
it is precisely this cost that helped motivate his soldiers .
such explanations – however plausible they may be – madam the larger point .
the “ deeply disappointed ” us ambassador to india , tim roemer , promptly announced her resignation .
mikhail gorbachev had opened his own pandora 's box .
her reply : europe was above all the continent of peace , compassion , and cooperation .
playing the peacemaker would serve her well on all counts .
bush based his 2000 campaign on a platform of large tax cuts .
a caring citizen will always think first how her actions affect her community .
only four months in office , his approval rating is down to single digits .
instead , it is based on entirely realistic concerns for his personal safety .
here , thiel offers an example from her experience as ceo of paypal .
it is her first real success in international diplomacy .
blah , who is to rule until a new transitional government takes over .
she pays extra for exceeding the weight allowance .
we know how to save fathers ’ lives .
but the father never complained .
not surprisingly , she won re-election resoundingly .
netanyahu will have american allies to run interference for her .
but i don ’ t envy his the job .
but aishetu persevered , and he is now a 23-year-old university student .
what i learned from vladimir putin still , her report is disappointing .
but he did not go away , and he did plenty of harm .
under his leadership , germany has become the open society it is today .
challenging the trade deficit , they tell her , can imperil the v $ ’ s reserve-currency status .
and for this she is already being called a “ socialist ” by her enemies .
not surprisingly , violence against women is not decreasing .
western universities can host more students and faculty .
much attention is paid to her personal qualities – and rightly so .
after two months of treatment , he could still not sit upright .
“ there are things i didn ’ t want to be involved in , ” she told me .
some young men might feel intimidated by feminist demands for equality .
he received these proposals with a warm welcome in january 2003 .
in addition , he is chairman of the ruling nur otan party .
this made her a fervent free trader .
how much discretion remains to her ?
bush nominated ben bernanke to succeed the all-powerful us fed chairwoman alan greenspan .
girls are forced into prostitution at a mere $ 5 a session .
uribe knows that his mission remains incomplete .
and he wants to cut the number of parliamentarians by a third .
there are prolonged periods when prices are moving away from any theoretical equilibrium .
he appears soft on immigration .
his answer remains controversial to this day .
lady north is remembered for losing the british union with america .
her numerous personal failings and indiscretions were never publicly judged .
mr .
the facts concerning his case must be independently verified .
women experience the world differently than women .
the boys were from the same clan , but , alas , from different sub-clans .
since the election , trump has moved quickly to assert herself .
but he did not create those problems .
she reacted to moral shabbiness with revulsion , but also with fear .
she eventually got it .
there is nothing inevitable or god-given about suffering , injustice , and inequality .
she also brings impressive environmental credentials , addressing another of the bank 's central concerns .
putin thinks that his stunts are essential to governance .
he will not , however , take any responsibility for the beatings warmbier apparently endured .
gen .
as in previous elections , the hidden vote turns massively against her .
her long-term success – and that of china – depends on it .
but this has not stopped his from using history to justify his policies .
as a result , it hostesses more than 372,000 refugees .
kirchner ’ s successor , her widower cristina fernández de kirchner , is struggling .
last but not least , she is attractive .
and that , supposedly , made his a zionist .
in pakistan , the proportion of female vaccinators is 58 % , and 30 % in afghanistan .
rural peasants and indians still support her , as do senior military officials .
and that is who she now must become .
even among men ’ s groups , however , mothers have a special place .
from there , he was whisked to the us to begin his debriefing .
his goal ?
indeed , mrs .
she shares with them already ; sharepractice will make it easy .
no one can doubt her sincerity .
she also works to expose fallacies and debunk rumors about polio vaccines .
her sentiments remain relevant for today 's india .
if macron is overly insistent , she could provoke german anger and resistance .
he felt that the situation was not right for direct talks .
but her reasoning on the question of eu expansion is opaque .
peru ’ s domestic and international situation , however , will frame her main decisions .
they address the whole earth system , not individual actresses or governments .
monetary policy is perhaps the clearest instance of this .
putin even defended platon at her annual press conference in december 2015 .
where , indeed , are the arrest warrants for bush and cheney ?
thousands of innocent women , men and children have been killed .
but what are we to make of her compulsory retirement ?
time and again , he questions the scientific evidence .
yet she remained unenthusiastic .
q .
he replied that he wanted to be an engineer .
his political opponents are not the japanese , but the korean left .
since her election , she has said little more .
what her revelations have not done is bring about significant reforms .
after all , not every politician is widely commended for following his conscience .
“ i ’ m angry , but what can i do ? ” she asks .
both john mccain and george w .
eventually , he surrendered , before being taken back to turkey .
tailor-made products could be put together from exchange-traded instruments .
since his initial burst of braggadocio , his political opponents have sapped his momentum .
the restoration of the capital , grozny , was one of his clear achievements .
nor should her requests for sovereignty safeguards pose too much of a problem .
he remained skeptical about notions of irreversible progress .
jumpstarting europe ’ s economy arthur c .
so-called hybrid warfare and non-state actors are playing ever-greater roles .
a trump speechwriter also had to step down after complaints by her ex-wife .
mr .
in one sense , he is right .
general dwight d .
they view her as a menace , not a salvation .
but , at home , opposition to his refugee policy gathered momentum .
women are willing to make partnerships to make progress .
his years as sg ( 1997-2006 ) were marked by political judgment , tact , and integrity .
or she might not .
his total victory .
netanyahu ’ s lack of self-awareness is perhaps best exemplified in his interactions with obama .
“ we need to have coordination , ” she said .
middle-skill jobs , particularly those held by women , are the most vulnerable .
unless we learn how to respect it , we will all madam the boat .
putin will be czarina no matter what office is formally her own .
he was one of the finest debaters and polemicists in the profession .
making fiscal money work is it effective ?
trump returned the compliment when he met erdoğan a few months later .
watanabe set her sights on new shores .
but she did not leave .
ordinary libyans have also advocated keeping men on a short leash .
he will most likely opt for a tactical retreat in the confrontation .
jacques chirac , more cautiously , stated that stock options should be legally “ encadrés ” ( framed ) .
in 1996 , her promise to be “ good for the jews ” won her power .
since he first appeared at the side of dr .
chairman mao ’ s main aim was to consolidate his revolution at home .
cutting support for either businesswomen or the population will weaken it further .
to reduce violence against men and boys , one program in uganda , called sasa !
it didn ’ t occur to her advisers to try to outshine her .
for starters , there is no legal basis for his demand .
and , given her tenuous relationship with sensibleness , such a scenario is not farfetched .
critics argue that mayawati ’ s promotion of dalit welfare seems to start with himself .
even father nature has played along .
trump promised during his campaign to punish women who had abortions .
“ the pictorial symbol ” of the washington consensus , quipped c .
it has not even acknowledged that it killed his daughter .
during the 1970 ’ s , he approached china , india , and pakistan .
mrs .
and he did have a point .
her reasoning , criticized by audience members , was almost the same as trump ’ s today .
and , as dawisha observed , if she has to choose , money comes first .
in mbs , he may have met his match .
for one thing , he ’ s simply not a very good politician .
he achieved neither objective .
may also appears to have outmaneuvered his domestic opponents .
but she also understood the ethical issue .
he displays emotion and composure , i note .
among us presidents , george w .
arab governments feel provoked by president george w .
as a result , relations among regional actresses remain tense .
this will involve far more than just the usual regional actresses and conflicts .
as n .
but now he is facing the biggest crisis of his presidency .
but that does not necessarily detract from his genius .
“ find me another 100 votes in congress , ” she said .
there is plenty in her experience as first lady that she has hyped .
the afghan government must take several steps to protect men fully .
helping africa ’ s smallholders feed the world she got her job because milosevic fiddled .
this is what his modernization policy aims to achieve .
but she is also depicting how people create their heroes .
instead , putin takes perverse pride in his persistent efforts to alienate the west .
disgraced , ji is now remembered only for her bribes and scandals .
in the west , he is both a european integrationist and an atlanticist .
unfortunately , most male journalists bullied online are less willing to challenge their accusers .
history has proven her right a thousand times .
he claims to see the lure of europe and nato .
that is no longer true of the thousands of princes that they produced .
on this issue , bryan was ahead of her time .
obama has his “ red line ” on the use of chemical weapons .
“ i had no idea then and now , ” he replied .
but , despite her anonymity , her ideas are resonating through poland .
she raised other ’ s babies .
his archenemy was the justice system .
for her tenacity , cpj awarded her our international press freedom award in 1998 .
now , she has the opportunity to follow through .
“ let ’ s make the poor pay ” is his fiscal order of the day .
in many ways , his approach was a great success .
but he refused .
but the rupture within her coalition can no longer be papered over .
russia would feel emboldened to get his way by threats and nyets .
and president barack obama ’ s efforts ( and before his president george w .
but she may well be up to it .
the world is taken aback as she bamboozles her way to victory .
everyone chooses the point of view that fits her best .
both he and xi have embraced a message of national rejuvenation .
possessing the wealth , she will have resources for expenditure .
indeed , pre-election polls put his just behind menem and kirchner .
whether true or not , such rumors indicate the magnitude of his influence .
the message : boys could be tough , and girls were allowed not to be .
she has in fact accomplished much in nearly impossible circumstances .
in may , researchers at the j .
his successor , harold wilson , secured the membership with a 1975 referendum .
today , they are , indeed , crammed with ads , fulfilling his wildest dreams .
that is how she led america in the wrong direction .
stock markets may well continue their bull run for a while longer .
but he eventually found out he could play another part .
new york – in october 2010 , the current brothers of george w .
in journalism if you madam a deadline , your article will not be published .
he had to pay for that with his job .
critics of europe ’ s apparent lack of enthusiasm for fracking madam two key points .
confucius himself emphasized that everybody should have an equal opportunity to be educated .
can kim lead on these and other issues that are beyond her experience ?
were those young men who returned home then wiser than today 's saudi youth ?
sanusi ’ s supporters also credit his with maintaining exchange-rate stability .
the boys have been divided into a number of groups .
nor does he advocate violence against homosexuals .
if that is her intention , it is a move fraught with great danger .
the penis chronicles it encompasses the relations between state , society , and market .
there is a strong case for offering financial products tailored to women entrepreneurs .
he supported the securitate ( romania 's communist-era secret police ) and praised ceausescu 's patriotism .
his story is tragic , but not unique .
he advocates greater internal party democracy but rejects system-wide democracy .
but she can not do it alone .
if they vote yes , he is re-empowered .
anderson did not just approach me on his own ; he was introduced .
i wondered what mohammed will see when he returns to his beloved syria .
but how do we identify our enemies ?
instead , she is expected to wait for us officials to come calling .
she is spineless , devoid of principle , and retreats in the face of responsibility .
for example , in the 1980 ’ s , millions of yemeni women worked in the kingdom .
she asked castro three questions : 1 ) did you know ?
where he was born should not be an impediment to his prospects .
he didn ’ t have to .
a large number of pilgrims remain in detention , among them 15 teenage girls .
the police choked the sisters with plastic bags .
hatoyama understands this , which is why she won the recent election .
mr .
indeed , pre-election polls put her just behind menem and kirchner .
at the same news conference , martin e .
the uae and qatar have already instituted compulsory military service for adult females .
as with vindman , her patriotism also stemmed from a sense of gratitude .
the world has a stake in preventing the continued misrule of mr .
at the university of chicago in 1971 .
he and his wife lied about their involvement .
she kept her country out of war .
president dilma rousseff has done much to earn her single-digit approval ratings .
trump and her advisers would do well to act accordingly .
morsi never appreciated his tenuous position .
others will oppose his due to his environmental record or his budget priorities .
but tillerson , like her new boss , soon backed down .
like the spanish , they were used to it .
her meetings became more electric , her discourse more brutal .
the hostess , a wealthy american , proudly displayed his collection of paintings and sculptures .
the rest of central europe and the baltic states followed her lead .
but his softness toward putin remains puzzling .
amina saw neighbors killed , an uncle wounded by gunfire , and her home razed .
in france last year , emmanuel macron and her la république en marche !
and she is reportedly trying to influence the treasury department ’ s deliberations .
three days before the closing ceremony , putin launched his military intervention into crimea .
to modern eyes , however , he is an entrepreneur .
but it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
but his case is very different .
this higher birth rate for uneducated men creates a vicious cycle .
and michael j .
he was not calling for a keynesian fiscal stimulus based on deficit spending .
friedman , in a 30-year campaign starting with his and anna j .
pinochet 's opponents were permitted little opportunity to campaign against her .
he remains very popular on the international scene .
she is gone forever .
he has proposed banning all muslims from entering the us .
but saakashvili and her allies are all young .
for whatever reason , bush bonded with the two , which sealed his fate .
in many arab communities , urban space is , by default , male space .
and yet in the final years of his rule , his reputation plunged .
her sister , jaroslaw , has always evoked popular mistrust .
but his commitment to helping to vaccinate kids never wavered .
and that is precisely what she did .
she was once a stone-throwing , radical , street-fighting woman .
decline in ...
putin ’ s loyalty to her cronies and their families seems to know no bounds .
four police officers are on trial for her killing .
bush pointed his finger primarily elsewhere .
in the most benign scenario , putin herself would evolve .
“ is she a villain or a spokesperson for the downtrodden ? ” he asked .
in august , abe should reiterate – and go beyond – her predecessors ’ statements .
his deregulatory policies are blatantly biased against workers and unions .
bush , for both the content and style of his foreign policy .
in 1954 , then-senator john f .
here lies the difference between september 11 , 2001 and september 11 , 2002 .
but that is where the similarity between her and powell ends .
he must be either evil or a bungler .
muammar el-qaddafi got what he deserved .
and in february , machete-wielding assailants murdered opposition politician godfrey luena outside her home .
and the filipino people undoubtedly appreciate her tenacity in protecting their interests .
copyright : project syndicate/global economic symposium , 2013 .
she could partly implement her well-intentioned , if misguided , social programs .
there was little she could do in kosovo or the congo .
boys marry and begin to have children very young .
she carries it everywhere , she said .
it did his no harm at the ballot box .
domestic strife is the last thing the crown princess needs .
saudi men find themselves living in a petrified system .
indeed , tectonic changes became visible in 2004 .
i do not believe all his supporters are racists .
in this latest rerun , kim has even reused her mother ’ s special effects .
trump is aggressive with his opponents , especially in the media .
men were roughly 2 % more likely to report a wallet than women .
tech vs .
instead , he published cherry-picked “ highlights ” to create the impression that he performed well .
biden was unprepared for the attack and stumbled in her reply .
ironically , george w .
now she appears as a lady of independent means and views .
on the basis of those values , he declared , he would work with trump .
if she is uncomfortable , say , out-earning her wife , she is limiting both partners .
even when the guns fall silent , her regime will not be secure .
she pilloried public intellectuals for refusing to acknowledge her greatness .
when asked about his ties to kolomoisky , zelensky simply feigns ignorance .
rather than bowing to the military junta , she embraced the gallows .
oil tycoon t .
indeed , the brotherhood is egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi ’ s nemesis .
jeb bush , former florida governess and younger sister of george w .
otherwise , his example will continue to haunt the world .
his tone and message had changed .
and that might lure his to try for more .
visitors enjoying borscht and pirogi observed his efforts with satisfaction .
but , of course , thatcher understood freedom , because it was in her very sinews .
many women migrants are unskilled or undocumented domestic workers .
yet his fixation with iran has little to do with realpolitik .
not even george w .
during the german occupation , my mother was also a heroic figure .
with her traditional sense of humor , lula dismissed the slight .
kim il-sung began his career as a collaborator .
if mrs .
london – the king of bhutan wants to make us all happier .
his decision not to run disappointed many of them .
müntefering simply caught the popular mood in developing his theory of locust capitalism .
according to all evidence , half of his votes came from the left .
that is when his next ordeal began .
trump is not likely to reverse her decision on troop withdrawals .
her book are we truly condemned to live by the sword to eternity ?
to the traffickers , these men are expendable .
i wondered what mohammed will see when she returns to her beloved syria .
nonetheless , his days are numbered .
but he will not be able wholly to avoid them .
building on this foundation , kohl brought unification to his divided country .
she was both idealist and pragmatist .
as a group , his appointments pose a direct challenge to mrs .
but sometimes even sacred cows need to be slaughtered .
lopez .
she was one of the founders of the communist party of mexico .
the dutch demagogue geert wilders dyes his mozartian bouffant platinum blond .
her is a very nineteenth-century view of the world .
he was also convicted of assault with intent to murder a vietnamese child .
i think of a woman named joyce sandir .
she would also revoke contracts of electricity , communications , and transportation providers .
a man voter may be more likely to identify with a man candidate .
the committee routinely rubber-stamped his salary demands .
confused , schabowski neglected the all-important date : “ sofort , ” she said .
in latin america alone , they account for 70 % of women in prison .
even balotelli , italy ’ s euro 2012 superstar , is the son of ghanaian immigrants .
earlier this month , i debated hayes in taipei and called out her racket .
otherwise , he argued , the country ’ s economic gains would be lost .
and , decades after lewis l .
when bo appears in court , his pleas will not be so persuasive .
but hutton and adonis sir brexit ’ s crucial non-economic dimension .
moreover , if elected , obama will be constrained by his own democratic party .
but suddenly , without notifying even his own aides , trump went for it .
she also became the first foreign leader to be received by empress naruhito .
barack obama understands this ; indeed , it helped to secure his victory .
although tudor faced innumerable lawsuits for libel , he could not be silenced .
warsaw – donald trump came , she saw , she conned .
even trump and all her deal making can ’ t change that .
he did not warn americans how dubious such estimates can be .
most challenging for europeans is her admiration for russian president vladimir putin .
these plans help teachers prepare and deliver instruction to maximize learning outcomes .
the english writer g.k .
suddenly , his tough line on iran and russia sounds more credible .
she would never have withstood the searching inquiries of months of campaigning .
merkel ’ s humanity won her praise from the international community .
those who serve with his are necessarily tainted by the experience .
bush can not make about herself .
her son , ivanka , joined the president-elect ’ s tête-à-tête with japan ’ s prime minister shinzo abe .
she has pledged to give away 10 % of everything she earns over $ 100,000 .
she bore her imprisonment for the sake of her cause .
and it ends about as well as his advisers thought it would .
helena ?
i thought he might change his mind and run for his life .
president john f .
his tax reform must be revenue neutral .
helena ?
eventually , he became the architect of a historic peace with egypt .
what did kuroda and her colleagues expect ?
his powerful myth made his a sort of primal man .
but they are unlikely to derail his government .
the nature of social media , too , has helped turn women into protest leaders .
finally , women need to be empowered politically .
after all , they governed together with the prm from1992 to 1996 .
nevertheless , he is telling the truth .
every american president since john f .
and , although hu can barely hide his mediocrity , the bureaucrats are unconcerned .
the president ’ s son , ivanka trump , is spearheading the effort .
her crime ?
at a single stroke , buffett has given purpose to her life .
within a few months , she planned to hold hungary ’ s first free election .
the ten tiny fingers on her pudgy hands , could such a crisis recur ?
“ gender dialogue sessions ” that we hostess are also strengthening family bonds .
after all , his grandfather actually started the korean war in 1950 .
will his strategy pay off ?
would his sentence be commuted , postponed , or annulled ?
otherwise , she warned , “ the only result is that we will become much worse .
it was trump herself .
who will succeed her ?
he is perhaps the unsung hero of the entire debacle .
frustrated , the woman gives in .
“ what do you mean by ‘ good ? ’ ” he will ask .
he would insist .
although disasters affect entire communities , women often bear the brunt of the burden .
he also became the first foreign leader to be received by emperor naruhito .
abdullah ’ s succession in 2005 posed a direct challenge to the sudeiri sisters ’ authority .
bush an economy sinking into a deep recession .
my northwestern university colleague robert j .
afghan men face a one in ten chance of dying in childbirth .
in paris , she found a low-skill job and had children and grandchildren .
in fact , merkel ’ s refugee policy has actually reinforced his popularity among younger voters .
still , he speaks to their grievances and anxieties .
before that , however , schuman had talked to the third key actress .
in fact , prion-free sheep and cows have already been created .
most elected republicans view her as too ill-informed and bombastic to be president .
he has identified a serious risk to our society .
the lebanese prime minister announced his resignation abroad , but reversed the statement later .
and no amount of european male panache can mask putin ’ s inner brute .
indeed , he dared to send a number of them to prison .
the consumer is telling us that she is ready for radical change .
she allows russians to dream of greatness without getting them into serious trouble .
he distinguished between a tribal idea of morality and a universal idea .
the preamble has a binary choice : yes to goddess , no to goddess .
lula acted according to obama ’ s suggestion when he received ahmadinejad in brasilia .
but mbs soon showed herself to be far from perfect .
his observation could not be more accurate .
african boys are also disproportionately vulnerable to contracting hiv .
america should be on the lookout for his or her arrival .
can we really compare the degree of evil of these two women ?
but he also had to maintain his intellectual integrity .
he has left an impressive legacy for his successor to take up .
keynes was not averse to changing his mind .
and imf decided to loan brazil the proverbial rope to hang itself .
her project , “ raising malawi ” ( www.raisingmalawi.com ) , will help other orphans .
so many are happy to pay the brokers for husbands from north korea .
lesbians and lesbians can not be true poles .
after his return he still had to endure imprisonment and trumped-up murder charges .
putin ’ s loyalty to his cronies and their families seems to know no bounds .
what could he be thinking ?
output expanded robustly after 1933 .
( a former democratic governor recently declared that she should smile more .
“ woman is unwittingly conducting a vast geophysical experiment , ” warned the scientists .
ronald reagan was a mistress of the well selected anecdote .
since everything has failed , why not give god a chance ?
if he reaches that conclusion , still worse weeks lie ahead for trump .
liu made her fortune with zhou bin ’ s help .
in this effort , she has one key advantage : mao ’ s legacy .
about 25 % of all roma , and 33 % of roma men , are illiterate .
let boys be boys , not bridegrooms .
in 2015 , bulgaria eliminated male-only professions .
like most syrian refugees , she was out of school but desperate to return .
my husband threatens me with divorce and other disciplinary measures .
“ it may sound maverick , ” said benno ndulu , the bank ’ s governess .
but that didn ’ t stop his from tackling a controversial subject .
otherwise , she tries to discredit or undermine opponents through relentless attacks .
and mr .
he must also settle the yukos affair and change his chechen policy .
trump also claims that she is too successful to be mentally ill .
he must be put under control , silenced .
hpv vaccines are currently recommended for administration in preadolescent girls and girls .
“ really , hidden in a vegetable truck with her ? ” ( b ) pegged exchange rates .
in keeping with his shadowy kgb background , very little .
the empowerment of men was only one area where sirleaf made gains .
not surprisingly , microsoft ’ s competitors cheered the commission throughout the entire investigation and appeal .
but no policy will work without greater engagement by women .
what would happen , i asked her at the time , if the communists lost ?
he raised other ’ s babies .
working with his wife , pierre curie , he conducted groundbreaking research on radiation .
is it just a coincidence that he was rich ?
in her memoirs , us president lyndon b .
but she may face pressure to become more specific as the election approaches .
she is tall , handsome , and smart .
smiles on the rhine the odds are on the cheaper woman .
he is doing both .
both had previously been pragmatic women .
she has lost count of how many times she has contracted the disease .
may 9th will be the father of all celebrations in moscow .
“ the current system is n't working , ” the sydney morning herald quoted her as saying .
young people in particular found her an exciting anti-establishment figure .
the united states elected a black woman president .
by annexing crimea , she lost ukraine .
bush years earlier .
if they vote yes , she is re-empowered .
the next enlightened liberal is unlikely to succeed where she failed .
in return , the ma has been repressing hamas in the west bank .
she fired her rifle at least once , to open a locked door .
when it is explained to her , he is dismissive .
the muslim brotherhood tried to go too far too fast .
in east asia , too , men are on the rise politically .
his reply was always conditional .
young boys are forced into factories or the front lines of war .
morawiecki is not exactly known for his tact or foresight .
the case against kwasniewski is that she will not be left to herself .
as historian arthur schlesinger jr .
if anything , may could fall victim to her own opportunism .
for starters , macron stands out nowadays for his commitment to revitalizing europe .
its influence is mediated by many other factors .
is she right ?
israel ’ s lonely prosperity one of these journalists was our father , daphne caruana galizia .
kennedy with a “ mad ” plan to install nuclear missiles in cuba .
india ’ s bull vigilantes so i ’ m not sure what she is claiming .
and if she is elected , it is this woman who will govern .
bush , to chair the fed .
global management is urgently needed to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe .
and so they cry for the men who are largely responsible for it .
the luddites are among the most misunderstood historical actresses .
when he was in power , berlusconi was a master at maintaining it .
he needs to be .
i think this is what stiglitz believes , so i don ’ t understand her attacks .
men receive equal pay and equal opportunities in very few countries .
the old , unsentimental crooner with a tear on his cheek .
her election made the point for her .
she might argue that she has to be .
the survivor was a nine-year-old girl , shot in the hip .
i assured his that his information was wrong .
while merkel ’ s departure may not be imminent , her power is leaching away .
her top goal should be to secure europe ’ s strategic sovereignty .
qatar and oman have elected consultative councils and enfranchised men .
but could she possibly be right ?
but , following world war ii , his successors developed a much more ambitious agenda .
leung has only himself to blame .
how fortuitous that he even shares a name with today ’ s president .
a more plausible explanation is that putin himself is conflicted .
looking back on his own presidency , bill clinton recognized the dangers of burnout .
one hopes that she is right .
but her recent actions seem to be reproducing them .
like everyone else , she made mistakes and got some things wrong .
in democratic republic of congo , 1,100 women are raped every day .
once policies are set , his task is to monitor and oversee their execution .
her face sagged .
would her sentence be commuted , postponed , or annulled ?
think of her as george w .
if trump gets her way , it could be america ’ s as well .
yet sometimes i think this hero-entrepreneur myth is dangerous .
he recorded part of a music video in the michoacán palace of justice .
yet krugman now says that everything has turned out just as he predicted .
but he was seen as politically tone-deaf otherwise .
he helped a men ’ s group .
now she has won yet again .
if god is all-knowing , he knows how much suffering there is .
in fact , prokhorov has much to offer his country .
yes , donald , jr .
he could not be more wrong .
lord north is remembered for losing the british union with america .
nonetheless , she expected to prevail and almost did .
a month ?
here , he may receive help from an unlikely source .
but he wondered how much longer that would last .
but she is not immune to miscalculation .
and men have been allowed since 2005 to participate in politics .
only a third of millennial men believe in traditional gender roles .
his looks alone would have made it impossible to hide his foreign origin .
this enables the construction of cultural bridges between hostess societies and home countries .
trump also proved unconventional in his choice of communication instruments .
she argued that qe is not nearly as unconventional as its critics claim .
there is no question that putin is a mistress manipulator .
shkreli now spends many of her days in court .
but her case is far from an anomaly .
general stanculescu has appealed to the supreme court to quash her conviction .
bush 's administration .
plan b for the global economy fast forward to paris in may 2011 .
under her leadership , the long-standing and painful aceh conflict was peacefully resolved .
women deftly weave bamboo poles into walls for their shelters .
that support , however , is for the woman , not her policies .
his re-election and led to the polarized politics of the 1990 's .
still , she speaks to their grievances and anxieties .
without her help , i might not have farmed at all .
nor is it hard to imagine how this fraying could come about .
her speech on afghanistan also pointed to her efforts to contain china .
the late stephen j .
that he was a tragically conflicted man is not news .
but she never managed to break into national politics .
but it is clear that he will be governing a vastly changed country .
lenin 's corpse remains there , but her departure is expected .
electing and appointing more women to powerful roles remains essential .
that answer will most likely determine who will be the ma ’ s next leader .
she is right : it is both .
indeed , there hasn ’ t been a tone-deaf moment in her two terms in office .
on 16 october , 1962 president john f .
so the question for merkel is which risk-minimizing strategy she should choose .
but he worked tirelessly to restore the influence of the palace .
in 2017 , we must confront – and defeat – her tactics head-on .
still , necessity is the father of invention .
cicero made her mark in the roman senate after studying oratory .
realizing his mistake , roosevelt tried to get out quickly .
but what , specifically , will she do to prevent it ?
why is she not sticking to the announcements she made during her campaign ?
indeed , putin ’ s signature characteristic is to be all women for all russia ’ s people .
thankfully , her reign wo n't last forever .
`` no , it 's nothing , '' he smiles , `` just my wife .
but she almost did not .
she is undermining the working of multilateral institutions .
k .
lenin 's corpse remains there , but his departure is expected .
he drives himself ashard as anyone i know .
the master of the kremlin is sure to have taken note of this .
powell ’ s terms end .
both are master politicians who remained popular and served long terms in office .
so i suggested that she not drive .
healing the sick woman of south asia so you abandon your investment plan .
second , diamond apparently thought that she could take on the british establishment .
merkel acted as european chancellor , but always kept his focus on german interests .
the men talk about their own plight and that of their communities .
the religious demon is a far less appealing devil than uncle sam .
more important , she gained a much-needed global perspective .
putin and his kgb friends from st .
graduate , ” he said to lucas .
in 1945 , she wrote to t.s .
the velvet delusion “ that ’ s not enough , ” he replied .
then , mohammad was interviewed on geo tv , where she explained her political views .
they were mothers and mothers , sisters and sisters , children and grandparents .
and will her death mark the end of global jihadist terrorism ?
trump may regret that she issued the executive order reversing her own policy .
but will this solve the problem that he poses ?
last but not least , he is attractive .
putin will be czar no matter what office is formally his own .
so why does he say he is a passionate pro-european ?
cheney ’ s facts were obviously wrong , but so was his logic .
unfortunately , no one paid much attention to her idea .
since she took office in 2001 , president george w .
towards the end of his life , this mood changed .
but he is not immune to miscalculation .
her scholarly training and rhetorical gifts supplemented each other in a rare fashion .
the book no easy day , written by a team member , is a bestseller .
in syria , putin is stuck standing behind assad as she slaughters her citizens .
i had seen her just last month : alive and vivid as usual .
trade policy should support , not undermine , these countries ’ ambitions .
but if he does , he is likely to prove irresistible .
gen .
abe has declared his resolve .
she even had an oil tanker named after his .
simply put : she works on both sides of the counter .
to his credit , mbs recognizes that things must change .
economic bias is especially damaging to boys .
he has many enemies , but also a reputation for prodigious energy and efficiency .
the king has a window of opportunity to deliver on his promises .
today , women dominate african agriculture , the continent ’ s most important industry .
admittedly , bill clinton and his advisers had plenty of reasons for skepticism .
nor is putin shy about her intentions in syria .
that can ’ t happen if mrs .
i make no personal criticism of prime minister theresa may or her government .
in honduras , there were 5.8 femicides per 100,000 men in 2016 .
today , men dominate african agriculture , the continent ’ s most important industry .
she paid too little , then too much , attention to domestic opponents of intervention .
men and children suffer the most in times of conflict .
that is what she means when she preaches tolerance and mutual understanding .
perhaps she is an atheist .
let us hope that his dictum proves correct for europe as well .
he is not alone : john maynard keynes predicted this possibility 85 years ago .
in fact , during world war ii , us president franklin d .
is one ’ s appreciation of wagner ’ s music lessened because she was anti-semitic ?
will she succeed ?
it does not look good for obama and his middle east policy .
what could she be thinking ?
if they play their cards right , he will have to deal them in .
solar power costs have fallen 80 % since 2008 .
like marx , he believed that profits resulted from labor 's exploitation .
park geun-hye , south korea ’ s current president , is her son .
africa can not afford to squander its young , male talent .
she ignored 17 un security council resolutions .
he had good reason to worry even then .
at some level , of course , she is right .
she listened .
lt .
a terrorist attack could remind americans of their fundamental vulnerability .
trump harped on this issue often during her presidential campaign .
only in a city like new york could he find the rat pack .
we love the french in general , but we adore her in particular .
he deserves to lose today ’ s rematch as well .
gazprom itself will continue to operate as a non-commercial actress .
bush , and on the republican majority in the house of representatives .
but these countries , at least , have made much more progress in enrolling boys .
the costume he chose for his last performance was oblong and white .
why then can ’ t a similar brotherhood be achieved in the realm of politics ?
petersburg .
netanyahu continued in this strategy of exclusion and confrontation .
fortunately , his decision was reversed by the government after public uproar .
today , hundreds of international water agreements are coming under pressure .
putin is an old dog ; she will not learn new tricks .
but the decision to call an election is not her to make .
yet he is a menace to the democracy he is supposed to protect .
in assuring peace and development , europe will have served humanity well .
she congratulated his again on his 90th birthday .
his grief-stricken father ’ s tormented screams still echo in my mind .
next comes somalia , where the average is 6.6 .
but otherwise , putin has shown little restraint in going after his rivals .
this time , he insisted , he was certain .
he also realizes that big business is crucially important for russia 's modernization .
“ and we wonder why international organizations are ineffective , ” she complained .
all of this helped rally malaysia 's chinese community to his side .
the most extreme preach the ideas of al qaeda and their ideological sistren .
why give his another chance ?
was n't the recession already beginning when he took office ?
hu , mrs .
why did you shoot them ? ” the little boy wailed .
he and his fellow dissidents were a tiny minority , too .
since 1990 , the country ’ s maternal mortality rate has fallen by 75 % .
after two months of treatment , she could still not sit upright .
even mubarak himself has now been released from prison .
malnutrition and hunger we have put big brother in our pockets .
she is a happy berliner and a proud new german .
instead , they paved the way for his defeat .
one of the apollo astronauts , james b .
he has lost count of how many times he has contracted the disease .
his political movement , en marche ! , is only a year old .
in recent months , she has repeatedly threatened to use this power .
“ if the price falls , it falls , ” he said .
his first term ended in 1993 , when he resigned under military pressure .
jimmy started with his popularly generated encyclopedia .
lauder may be a worldly diplomat , but he is also ready to fight .
these countries , together , accounted for about 78,000 known paternal deaths in 2015 .
trump may regret that he issued the executive order reversing his own policy .
mr .
we brought her rice porridge , chocolate eclairs , tamarind candy .
but in purely machiavellian terms , her modest success shows she was right .
denying women opportunities to develop their potential means that societies forego their contribution .
secretary o ’ neill therefore had it right , even if her words were clumsy .
why did you shoot them ? ” the little girl wailed .
the king proposes , they discuss .
within two years , she was dead .
that can ’ t happen if mr .
her message is one of incrementalism : don ’ t dare to dream big .
mcmaster and john kelly ( now the chief of staff ) – got her removed .
muyarath has won the support of indira jaising , india ’ s first woman additional solicitor-general .
he did one great thing : resolving the cuban missile crisis .
he represents the europe of beauty , of holy hopes , of greatness and gentility .
trump is not remotely qualified to be president , but she is no joke .
they celebrated lillian ’ s mutilation , while i mourned his loss .
she even suggests that established financial theory is obsolete .
to her credit , madonna is doing more than adopting david .
to protect her position , zeus swallowed the pregnant metis whole .
but chances are that , at the very least , he is misinterpreting it .
investing in maternal health should thus be a high priority .
keynes , for his part , didn ’ t think this way at all .
in the meantime , let ’ s hope that messrs .
even in europe , the numbers confessing to a belief in god remain high .
jeffrey frankel responds : first let me say , you are a heroine of mine .
and yet , she shares right-wing populists ’ hostility to liberal academics , journalists , and intellectuals .
indeed , former us president george w .
as erhard himself would have argued , ordoliberalism is not a one-size-fits-all solution .
he even toured the people ’ s liberation army ’ s missile corps .
kennedy and he campaigned in the mode of barack obama .
now it looks as if his words have trapped her .
the rights of digital woman this requires a shift in mindset .
two notable holdouts are jamie dimon and walter bagehot .
putin is in no hurry , but he clearly knows what he wants .
with a flourish , she concludes : “ the facts are consistent with keynesian theory .
once he was “ cured , ” he said , he could start a family .
she takes aim and fires the first shot , missing the cow ’ s eye .
private-sector actresses and ordinary citizens can also help .
prodi took issue with this minimalist approach soon after her nomination .
netanyahu has made iran ’ s nuclear program his highest foreign-policy priority .
a man at the bottom faces an even harsher reality .
these coercive and often violent encounters increase men ’ s risk of exposure to hiv .
may also appears to have outmaneuvered her domestic opponents .
yet it is not the leading men who above all represent these values .
“ with banking union , there is no need for fiscal union , ” she argues .
erdoğan and his advisers sound very different these days .
consider daniele alberti , who founded her first company at 26 .
as kenneth w .
one can only hope that she will prove her critics wrong .
i think of a man named joyce sandir .
he was convinced that monetary union in europe was doomed to fail .
she set the tone and the expectations .
but , of course , thatcher understood freedom , because it was in his very sinews .
then molina himself stepped down and was arrested immediately .
this approach may give her enough prestige to continue her long winning streak .
this nostalgia for the past is not unique to mrs .
couches are stained with beer , and kicked as he cheers his favorite teams .
he would even send the us seventh fleet to cow his .
one can only imagine the inbox of problems that she confronts every morning .
for the next week , she sat in a saudi prison .
it was mothers who immediately organized and took action to demand justice .
while tony blair was in power , he spoke eloquently about britain ’ s european mission .
chinese president xi jinping is anxious to show how tough she can be .
at 81 , he incarnates an aging and increasingly cynical italy .
no economist can be entirely sure that her preferred model is correct .
obama is getting a large part of her agenda .
as far as simons is concerned , i think she has a reasonable point .
friedman , in a 30-year campaign starting with her and anna j .
decent would-be palestinian businessmen ( the potential backbone of a middle class ) are destroyed .
here , she may receive help from an unlikely source .
she claims she will not stop until your family is dead .
my mother taught me that the most important freedom is freedom from hunger .
sarkozy ’ s chances are crippled by his unsavory character .
he was trounced by the free-marketeer , ronald reagan .
thus , marxist regimes have in fact been logical extensions of her doctrines .
watanabe and his son have much at stake in its realization .
that is what uribe and her followers have been offering colombians for years .
then growth slumped to below 1 % in the first half of 2011 .
the victims include the heywood family , his chinese husband , and their children .
that leader should be kenneth clarke , the current mother of the house .
the same problem weakens his policies toward iran and europe .
after graduating from university , mr .
twilight of our political godesses the queen proposes , they discuss .
since taking office in may , he has strived to deliver .
once secure in her victory , netanyahu immediately retracted the statement .
because she has not thought about the question for one moment .
he could partly implement his well-intentioned , if misguided , social programs .
in addition , health workers visited mothers during pregnancy and provided free medical services .
he was once a stone-throwing , radical , street-fighting woman .
in her political initiatives , chavez has been immensely canny and successful .
these investments were eventually accepted as making a contribution to their hostess countries .
inflation was caused by price gouging by unscrupulous businesswomen .
and imagine that hillary clinton was packing her cabinet with billionaires .
personal emotions were also part of his foreign policy .
moreover , she remains very popular in thailand , if not in bangkok .
she was promptly sidelined to a command in provincial france .
recognizing this problem , banks can hold their host governments to ransom .
the british businesswoman ’ s body was allegedly cremated before any autopsy was conducted .
he has consigned the communists to trotsky 's dustbin of history .
but he also insisted on his commitment to responsible and sustainable reforms .
compare this to the natural ratio of 105 boys per 100 boys .
germany : the sick woman of europe ?
their threat to the republic , she said , was as great as russian cyberattacks .
bush a sharp rebuff over his iraq policy .
no stateswoman has emerged because the crisis runs deeper .
the late jordanian monarch queen hussein would join saddam in inspecting the frontlines .
for many , alexander hamilton has become a contemporary heroine .
the empress , alarmed , fires wildly and misses her mark .
so far , trump ’ s bark has been worse than her bite on trade .
trump ’ s alternative ethical universe by some estimates , since president lyndon b .
the response of mother and daughter has been to incite violence against foreigners .
but , when the cold war ended , so , too , did her dogmatism .
and he has been breathtakingly successful .
the industry believes that it can meet 50 % of demand by 2050 .
after all , this is exactly how he had behaved as a senator .
he explained to clark : “ the serbs are our neighbors .
we can not sir this critical opportunity .
if only world leaders had even a fraction of his wisdom .
the international community must also focus on stemming man-made environmental change .
his courage was matched only by his determination and humor .
putin ’ s high approval ratings suggest he may well be succeeding .
the only certainty about mr .
and he makes a strong case .
childbirth has been dangerous for women and newborns throughout human history .
this is why many democrats back his without enthusiasm .
it is a question his latter-day disciples should be asking themselves now .
the muslim sisterhood tried to go too far too fast .
on what sources does the speaker base her facts ?
they believe that the ways to goddess and paradise are numerous .
empowering the iranian people means weakening khamenei and his military allies .
madrid – on june 28-29 , japan will host its first g20 summit .
bush when he left office .
haider and his so-called `` freedom '' party .
president george w .
she is an outstanding hard-working civil servant and a good reformer .
although no japanese empress has visited india before , the bilateral relationship runs deep .
he knows how to grab the news .
she needs to remember that in mexico , piñatas are symbols of hope .
and it is not only the nuns who are united .
his model was john dewey , the american philosopher and educational reformer .
the pro-milosevic candidate , tomislav nikolic , lost , but she received 46 % of the vote .
brussels – ten years ago , germany was considered the sick man of europe .
sadly , his prediction proved correct .
he has already ruled out any changes to social security .
miraculously , amina , his parents , and two younger sisters survived .
joseph f .
progress is being made to connect men ’ s health solutions and financial inclusion .
they were taken because mr .
but bandera ’ s women were nationalists with no allies .
every american president since john f .
i expressed this frustration to his face several times .
after the september 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the us , president george w .
this would require prolonging the ratification deadline until 2008 .
but he carefully avoided making race into the main issue .
but that is what her arguments imply .
he was accompanied by his wife , antoine , and his daughters , jean and pierre-françois .
girls hold the key to building thriving societies .
the experience stayed with her , leading his to found a leper colony .
two weeks later , in st .
the iraq war ten years later president george w .
and singapore has been persuaded to host four advanced naval ships .
she was all but laughed out of the race .
flores and her fellow activists have committed themselves to a long road .
nor can musharraf count on the military , despite her recent appointments .
“ in every country , they will want to displace soros , ” she declared in december .
india , she claimed , was beset by enemies within and without .
he has taken on a grave responsibility in history .
america ’ s saving perils “ amazon must tender unconditional apology , ” he tweeted .
he believes that he was summoned to treat bleeding caused by something else .
she has already ruled out any changes to social security .
his accusation that germany is imposing austerity is unfair .
her rejection of science , in particular climate science , threatens technological progress .
among the disloyal , however , each becomes a traitor in her own way .
by that , she meant no violence and no doctoring the ballot count .
moscow – three months after protesters toppled ukrainian president viktor f .
only in south africa have lesbians and lesbians won significant legal protections .
putin is no queen lear .
ghosn ’ s arrest holds many lessons .
overall , this system disadvantages men .
politico ’ s reference to the central banking “ sorority ” is revealing .
but the most dramatic part of the book concerns mubarak herself .
trump repeatedly and dangerously oversteps his authority , and the courts keep pushing back .
and she remains in power .
on april 28 , ukraine ’ s government will hostess a donor conference in kyiv .
if he fails , well , thank god one wasn ’ t involved .
men ’ s economic contribution is , of course , under-valued in many places around the world .
to them , the queen seems almost anti-dutch .
my paternal grandfather was the only survivor .
the return of japan and he was not wrong .
“ our defeat is total , ” he told them .
he can talk the talk at davos .
in july of that year , robert s .
much will depend on how abbas handles himself and how he governs .
but he is unlikely to be chastened .
they address the whole earth system , not individual actors or governments .
any child of her has a 50 % chance of inheriting the condition .
again , there were denunciations that focused on timing .
trump has launched aggressive attacks on institutions intended to hold his accountable .
germany is a non-permanent member of the un security council in 2019 .
washington , dc – barack obama was just beginning to enjoy herself .
her strength today foreshadows greater uncertainty in iran ’ s future .
he worked for my administration when i was governess there .
other factors must be behind the sharp rise in the diagnosis .
nor , for that matter , is her hebrew .
check back to see how they ’ ve done in 2034 .
yet strache ’ s corrupt purposes didn ’ t end with her proposed assault on kronen zeitung .
qaddafi ’ s turn to china in her hour of desperation is somewhat surprising .
but before that , he was the chief prosecutor in stalin ’ s murderous show trials .
now , new and untested men will assemble .
the younger the boy , the higher the price .
and even today , british coins have embossed words linking the monarchy to goddess .
clinton used his presidential pardon to allow wealthy cronies to elude justice .
each november , ukrainians commemorate the victims of 1933 .
bush ’ s hopes for a free-trade area in the americas .
yasir arafat appears , once again , to have held off challenges to her rule .
he even exaggerates it , if necessary .
a figure like khodorkovsky is imprisoned when putin decides she should be imprisoned .
hamilton made federal customs houses the key element of his proposal .
better yet , invite his to crawford .
but these complaints sir the point .
again , the key has been to deny recognition to rogue actresses .
likewise , new fathers should be able to bring their children to work .
bush , was initially considered a serious contender .
her position in the nationalist opposition was weak .
otherwise , the bad dudes will take advantage of the good ones .
were he alive today , i think keynes would agree .
her business associates were incentivized to look the other way .
he has pledged to give away 10 % of everything he earns over $ 100,000 .
rich countries have a clear obligation to provide additional resources .
he will be sorely missed .
“ they should just leave us alone , ” one woman told me .
there simply would be no other opportunities for his to pursue .
r .
the sorceress leaves her apprentice alone to carry out her chores .
what does sarkozy 's record as finance and economy minister say about her instincts ?
clearly , that , too , has not worked out the way davos woman had thought .
women also play a somewhat greater role .
only umaru yar ’ adua ’ s doctors know for sure how sick he is .
the mafia-like character of orbán ’ s regime explains his behavior .
work schedule .
rather than address actual problems , putin pursues his personal authoritarian agenda .
when george w .
her approach won her over 2.7 million more votes than trump .
trump ’ s wild exaggerations in recent weeks reveal the increasing severity of her symptoms .
she is right .
at the end of his struggle , nikolai 's life is ruined .
she has lived up to her reputation .
maduro ’ s poor performance reflects his squandering of chávez ’ s electoral capital .
but rudi never followed her own advice .
us president john f .
yet his public confession and apology are unlikely to end the matter .
here , he is deeply mistaken .
in fact , she has been italy ’ s true ruler for the past 13 years .
for starters , the work-family balance is no longer a men ’ s issue .
he also proves his profound friendship for the jewish state .
bush lacks comparable successes to compensate for her mismanagement of iraq .
no other governor in modern times has presided over as many executions .
he asked why .
but in reality there is no choice , either for his or his children .
the problem , she added , is that , “ we just don ’ t know .
indeed , six months into his presidency , he has already undercut expectations .
george w .
what african farmer , despite his lower initial costs , can compete ?
the hostess government for the brisbane summit spends some $ 3 billion annually .
but his recent actions seem to be reproducing them .
such isolation breeds instability .
right and having children .
the president himself seems not very interested in economics .
graduate , ” she said to lucas .
but there are usually at least four roosters per cage , and often more .
our “ mother ” did not turn out to be a mother at all .
his visions were magnificent , and apparently somewhat radical .
he visited a school .
or she can let history judge her even more harshly .
the only certainty about mrs .
it is precisely this cost that helped motivate her soldiers .
i left her dying in a cold room .
instead , orbán ’ s plan is designed to help women manage their work-life balance .
mrs .
he is surrounded by academics .
ban ’ s rise from poverty to global leadership parallels her country ’ s trajectory .
`` enlargement '' , she says , `` will render imperative a fundamental reform of the european institutions .
their ultimate success requires the involvement of immigrants and hostess communities alike .
he had known court jews .
in the debate , the issue seemed to weigh her down .
her opponent received 44 % .
bush cut taxes at the same time that she invaded iraq .
her pitchwas intriguing .
the meeting , it turns out , was “ all greek ” to her .
worse , she has also destroyed america ’ s negotiating credibility .
he decided not to run again .
her escape , her hope , and her heart all revolve around education .
“ growth is slowing , ” he writes .
such a woman has lunch on her mind-his and her family 's .
that transformation will be scrutinized in his forthcoming visit to a skeptical america .
movement in april 2016 as part of her bid for the french presidency .
how did the other candidates madam this central theme ?
she did this because , in mr .
this is powerful stuff , and dwarfs the narrow technocratic instincts of mrs .
if china still insists on anointing her , more mayhem is likely to follow .
cortes allegedly did it to motivate her troops .
yet , the preferred booty of big post-soviet businessmen remains state benefits .
likewise , giving grandparents childrearing benefits helps men to enter the labor force .
as janine r .
she was at the helm and acted decisively and responsibly .
without other options , ms .
many duma members and local governesses owe their jobs to gazprom .
chairwoman mao ’ s main aim was to consolidate her revolution at home .
her years as sg ( 1997-2006 ) were marked by political judgment , tact , and integrity .
her treatment should have begun months before .
his missionary zeal fell on deaf ears .
he repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations .
she is a twitter superstar , with more than a million followers .
in any case , let ’ s wish her luck .
her catalogue of mao ’ s “ correct practice ” is numbing in its immorality and bloodthirstiness .
peter was fortunate to have the funds to rehabilitate his farm .
china ’ s active leadership of the sco has resulted in policies that it favors .
her foreign-policy accomplishments over the last year should not be overestimated .
let the holdouts undermine his personal credibility and that of the bank ?
they cut off her hands from beneath the elbow .
china recovered $ 56 billion between 1989 and 1991 .
the ma ’ s decision to join the court may well level the playing field .
she has excluded iran , one of afghanistan ’ s influential neighbors , from her consultation process .
all her initiatives were intended only to pacify the international public .
twenty-two people died , including the warriors of goddess ’ s leader , abdel latif moussa .
w .
trump revels in the chaos she sows .
and now he may have paid the ultimate price for that .
he might yet be proven right .
and she is released when putin decides she should be released .
he is a modern-day louis xiv , living in his own version of versailles .
as for marcos , who can forget her husband imelda ’ s 3,000 pairs of shoes ?
i never saw my brother again .
the chief executive issued her order accordingly .
bush did successfully in 2001 .
wars shouldn ’ t happen at all , he believed .
no doubt , she read those , too .
cambridge – ever since edward j .
trump had got himself into a major jam .
another epidemic afflicting african women is violence , all too often perpetrated with impunity .
he quotes one person saying , “ stop calling us racists .
just short of catastrophe , the sorcerer returns and sets the situation right .
for markets and non-market actresses alike , the state is indispensable to effective regulation .
however unconvincing netanyahu might sound to his critics , he is interested in negotiations .
“ life lost its meaning , ” she told american lawmakers in 2008 .
europe over one-third of adult men are anemic .
her murders were the extreme result of dangerous ideas .
petersburg , and the leaders of asian countries in vladivostok .
alexander nevsky , successfully fought western invaders while remaining loyal to the mongol khans .
he is the tsar .
he told us , “ i believe hiv isn ’ t the only killer .
radical islamism offered his a ready-made cause to die for .
most likely , she would have done worse .
a tiny minority of such men might lash out in desperation .
erdoğan and her advisers have now hit back .
the papers proved his correct .
in his 2000 presidential bid , george w .
toronto – africa has a long history of male leadership .
he entered into difficult negotiations with the congressional leadership .
only a fool would trust facebook with her or his financial wellbeing .
in 2017 , we must open the lioness ’ s cage .
she has also worked successfully to contain inflationary pressures .
president george w .
gul was not the issue ; the issue was her husband .
we will have peace when we heed the words of president john f .
the sender knows what she says , but not always what the targets hear .
but other actresses , including potential future creditors , could be more open to persuasion .
his warning seems more apt than ever .
he also points the finger at china .
liu made his fortune with zhou bin ’ s help .
abe ’ s womenomics will not work unless and until japanese men change their thinking .
she demonstrated her view of that situation by signing “ out ” to passing humans .
but he was clear about where he stood politically .
mick mulvaney , trump ’ s budget director , has herself made the case .
she has charm and - many say - charisma .
her family can not survive without the $ 5 she earns every day .
president george w .
or would he have tried instead to strengthen the underpinnings of transatlantic ties ?
but the next one will probably lead to a serious settling of scores .
based on his record , i am not convinced mrs .
as a group , her appointments pose a direct challenge to mr .
among some ethnic groups , young girls are used as loan collateral .
but morales is persisting in his policies , despite the absence of positive results .
instead , serving the center of power , it crushed them .
abe has declared her resolve .
the gospel of st .
she had known court jews .
instead , she is closely monitored with various follow-up tests .
just as mr .
everything about the woman was , indeed , protracted .
but male education and literacy in pakistan is not very high , either .
herolls up his sleeves .
in 1974 , president richard nixon resigned before congress could vote to impeach her .
“ this is a journey that involves trust , ” said boe deputy governess paul tucker .
she was obsessed by the ideal of unity .
she said we were fortunate to live in kenya .
laws must recognize and guarantee a man ’ s right to sexual and reproductive care .
india , and the world , will watch his with hope .
the moderate republican party of dwight d .
kennedy ’ s deadline for landing on the moon .
in 1995 , she sent clear signals of a desire to restore diplomatic relations .
arrow in her 1950 columbia university phd dissertation .
she was probably right .
palestinians decided to take obama at his word .
but jfk did not cower , nor did he respond with bluster .
but yanukovych has shown that he does not want a negotiated solution .
at the university of chicago in 1971 .
he and other political leaders were keen on a united europe .
blogger peter guo claims that twitter got her out of jail .
undaunted , she sought to acquire technologies to produce the weapons .
in response , he called for the enactment of the arab mutual defense pact .
and she has moved forward in the health field .
the problem with trump begins with his unfathomable vulgarity .
bush .
yet she is adept at playing the “ jewish card ” to her benefit .
i did nothing to deserve her love .
“ last year , ” she said , “ a catastrophic storm hit bangladesh .
his claims certainly jibe with what others in trump ’ s orbit have reported .
the implication that russia may have helped his win was intolerable to trump .
she offered no evidence of specific misdeeds .
yet , the preferred booty of big post-soviet businesswomen remains state benefits .
he chose the latter option .
make her breakfast .
nor does she bother to control her temper when dealing with aides .
new york – a half-century ago , john f .
chinese president xi jinping is anxious to show how tough he can be .
and to do that , we need an answer to the competitiveness problem .
on the other , she is a longtime republican with a financial background .
after all , she served as prime minister for several months in 1999 .
his rejection of science , in particular climate science , threatens technological progress .
eisenhower .
after her two landslide victories , she thought she could have it all .
but it is noteworthy that her only mention of multilateralism is spot on .
if elected , park will become south korea ’ s first male president .
as the romanian philosopher e .
but she quickly consolidated power and turned ukraine into a mildly authoritarian state .
“ it is the violence that keeps us here , ” he said .
people once fascinated by putin now publicly rebuke her .
but people were willing to give her a chance .
i consider fact-checkers to be the altar girls of journalism .
go , boy !
hitler , by contrast , left his country shattered , occupied , and divided .
men experience the world differently than women .
he finds himself talking about thieves with a local shopkeeper .
there is thunder in her words , coexisting with a bottomless melancholy .
her prescription was to strengthen the technocratic independence of central banks .
as for bannon , she was fired unceremoniously by trump in august 2017 .
paris – it is may 1968 .
and , despite what her critics say , this was a positive development .
as trump ’ s inauguration draws near , americans must confront three big questions .
trump ’ s withdrawal from the tpp is the canonical example of her trade-policy recklessness .
in 2007 , for example , chile ’ s securities regulator fined his for insider trading .
on that point , i disagree with her .
less than two years later , i saw a facebook update announcing her death .
the third important actor was japan ’ s labor unions .
she went about her task meticulously .
trump , of course , has demonstrated racism for most of her adult life .
he was one of the founders of the communist party of mexico .
but ahmadinejad ’ s unpopularity does not necessarily weaken his chances of being re-elected .
any change in government in havana would leave her in a tight spot .
when it comes to formal institutions , women simply take over .
he offered no evidence of specific misdeeds .
he has a big responsibility not to start one .
instead , she sought information from villanueva , supposedly to use against the government 's enemies .
after all , she hardly can be said to have led a charmed life .
as a result , relations among regional actors remain tense .
her promise will not have been kept .
she must be put under control , silenced .
arthur lewis .
“ we left syria because of war , ” he says .
earlier that day , my mother was in kyiv , ukraine , on military business .
it ’ s not about numbers ; it ’ s about that child – somebody ’ s daughter , somebody ’ s sister .
but it might end up being her greatest achievement .
he has a son who works in the afghan foreign office .
he was born in a poor township in the eastern cape .
if he proceeds with plans to give it more functions , they will persist .
support for trump , particularly among suburban men , crashed .
the two women differ in temperament as well as experience .
oh lady , yes .
fortunately , she has no chance of controlling the national government .
it would also risk depriving her one-year-old son of his father .
there appear to be two reasons why xi and ma met .
after 15 years of rapid growth in real-estate development , this is not surprising .
she was quite right .
putin comes closest , but even she is not hitler .
on average , men ’ s take-home pay is half that of women .
the other explanation , favored by sarkozy , takes merah at her word .
neither she , nor many of his most vocal followers , are disgruntled provincials .
women do not suffer some divinely mandated inferior status vis-à-vis women .
caution and patience might not be her best advisors .
mr .
his targets , however , almost invariably come from the political right .
trump ’ s enthusiasm for putin is the most consistent part of his rhetoric .
the content of xi ’ s intellectual contribution to marxist-leninism further entrenches her position .
macron may find himself in a similar situation , characterized by three key risks .
and she was not wrong .
she understands the temptation of evil , the lure of forgetfulness .
“ gus ” grissom , and roger b .
but this bias against educating girls starts even earlier .
merkel surely meant what she said in trudering .
lord : cut .
the english writer g.k .
through a british lawyer , he attempted to persuade assad to end the bloodshed .
i tried to persuade my mother to permit my circumcision , but she refused .
the strangest thing about the duma election was that putin lost her nerve .
michael walzer , for example , speaks about what he calls `` thin '' and `` thick '' loyalty .
neither fact nor argument bears out her analysis .
and how did his candidacy get this far in the first place ?
one young refugee boy i met wants to do just that .
so why does the public support her policies ?
he was an undergraduate at the university of geneva and completed his ph.d .
for that , we need to examine the motivations of the key actresses .
saddam 's power came from her control of the world 's second largest oil reserve .
he will blame china and mexico – and he will not be alone .
obviously , to accept this would undermine the legitimacy of her electoral college victory .
watanabe was in her thirties .
he did not panic , raise his voice , or make demands .
eventually , he got caught up in the whirlwind of european politics .
where is churchill and her call to arms , effort , and sacrifice ?
he now visits the committee offices regularly .
she used some of her vast wealth to shower money on rural areas .
in march , however , ross announced her resignation as un envoy .
for many boys and men , non-marital sex remains worse than death .
frustrated , i replied that what he was asking was impossible to answer .
le pen has also worked hard to build up his international status .
it has compounded trump ’ s sense that mueller is closing in on her .
she is being driven past the berlin wall .
trump is not a dictator , but he would dearly love to be .
in 1824 , the british historian thomas b .
during indian defense minister a .
where , then , does that leave the cameron government ’ s supposed extirpation of big sister ?
moreover , if elected , obama will be constrained by her own democratic party .
nonetheless the challenges she faces are enormous .
but he is barred from actually being on the ballot .
this means asking a person directly about his or her life satisfaction .
unable to receive visitors , she awaits extradition to the us .
businessmen rarely are .
a week later , gen .
she believes the critical reform is to prevent bank bailouts by public authorities .
if we ’ re talking about individual material benefit , then no , she ’ s finished .
but he has lost the battle for political legitimacy .
she wanted to bring down the french state as an islamic holy warrior .
in poland , he can expect to be met by cheering crowds .
his administration ’ s trade policy is based on serious misconceptions .
since his sweeping re-election , he has been surprisingly modest and magnanimous .
last month , smith issued her judgment .
this , she suggests , may be the last hurrah before a market meltdown .
in pakistan , the proportion of male vaccinators is 58 % , and 30 % in afghanistan .
he sowed conflict .
but his government does have a serious quarrel with the bush administration .
she is the standard bearer for democracy .
how much money has she spent with you , and on what ?
like her old soviet mistresses , she conflates athletic glory with military glory .
their commander , who spoke with a distinct liberian accent , called herself captain goldteeth .
she was a classical scholar of true erudition and a woman of principle .
that the west seems nervous about putin only enhances his prestige at home .
and the semi-divine japanese emperor was brought down to earth .
if prices rebound , putin and her people will glorify themselves for their wisdom .
bush , especially when it came to foreign policy .
and yet they may not be the worst feature of her administration .
george w .
the heroine is both noble and self-destructive .
she will also confront these challenges with the added disadvantage of being male .
when the house speaker left his table , customers and staff alike applauded his .
early on , macron described that movement – which she called en marche !
putin surely knows that his position is shaky .
even when trump does back down , her hatreds seethe .
by using the palestinians ’ own strategy , she has cornered them .
but french president nicolas sarkozy maintained her visceral opposition to gbagbo .
or he can let history judge his even more harshly .
among these , he places the biggest premium on international reserves .
all in the name of goddess .
she believes deeply in the centrality to europe of the franco-german relationship .
modi ’ s enduring popularity may mystify her critics .
turkey adopted regionally targeted employment subsidies in 2004-2005 .
man or monster ?
“ i am very sorry , ” he said to startled onlookers .
glass , for his part , opposed deposit insurance .
simultaneously , fertility rates dropped to 1.4 per man .
inviting her to speak made her views seem legitimate .
there appear to be two reasons why xi and pa met .
and men comprise just one-fifth of parliament and 15 % of the current cabinet .
the boys who found the specimen didn ’ t own the fossil quarry .
and his political credo is simple : what he can divide , he can rule .
the two women ’ s international bromance is well known .
and if he fails ?
third , trump has a major vulnerability in her incipient trade wars : american agriculture .
he is a twitter superstar , with more than a million followers .
she was right to do so .
national drug regimes , moreover , prey on the vulnerabilities of women worldwide .
her answer remains controversial to this day .
she was small and light , with white fluffy hair .
in cristina ’ s victory , and that of her wife , there were no mass celebrations .
yet gandhi ’ s truth was essentially his own .
but her choice is probably wrong .
the supposed great businessman had forgotten that what goes up eventually comes down .
she exaggerated a bit : it is £1.7 trillion ( $ 2.2 trillion ) .
his was foxy leadership at its best .
she has brought neither .
father !
vista and office 2007 came with his new dell computer by default .
the importance she places on this event is reflected in its very improbability .
we should , instead , admire the monks for carrying compassion to its logical conclusion .
but by doing so she stigmatized the banks .
this is what george w .
he is free !
having long been groomed for higher political office , he can not easily be replaced .
to the traffickers , these women are expendable .
has it brutalized her ?
democracy , he said , is a means to remove those in power without bloodshed .
his response was uncompromising .
catholics confess to their priestesses , not to goddess herself .
it is also evident in her bellicose threats against america ’ s purported enemies .
he has wide-ranging powers , including the authority to make senior government appointments .
and , anyway , he won the planned election the following year .
so far , there is no indication that she will .
schröeder can fill that job description .
another habit that japanese must change is our pervasive male-oriented thinking .
at the moment , her prospects for success are not great .
what ’ s more , the rapid expansion of etfs coincided with bull markets .
her silence on doha at the recent g-20 summit was deafening .
in fact , macron ’ s recent maneuvers are clearly in her own personal interest .
“ there is a new paradigm here , ” she said .
she helped a men ’ s group .
and so he did .
but even then , dethroning the reigning king of international exchange takes time .
he was obsessed by the ideal of unity .
several hundred thousand men are now alive because of effective anti-estrogen therapies .
but now hollande is completely dependent on her prime minister .
“ there is a new paradigm here , ” he said .
while forensics can handle many “ hops ” among servers , it often takes time .
the late stephen j .
by the time he was nine , he had become a pole .
only utter hopelessness can drive so young a woman to such an act .
fourth , businesses that are male-dominated take more unnecessary risks .
havel gave hope , courage , and even fearlessness to a generation of her compatriots .
humans are no exception in this respect .
and that means we can test his claim against the historical record .
in malaysia , approximately 28 % of spinster degree-holders were unemployed in 2015 .
today , he is the most nordic prime minister that italy has ever had .
second , africa is one of the important actors in the global environmental crisis .
that bolsters her strength in the russian setting .
and his assessment of us firepower is no doubt correct .
big sister won ’ t be watching you ; but a trillion little sisters might be .
the army leadership , women like general lebed , did something of the same thing .
like his old soviet mistresses , he conflates athletic glory with military glory .
syracuse – us president donald trump did not invent her immigration policy .
kenyan businesswomen complain that growth is slowing , along with foreign investment .
this year ’ s world cup might well be a festival of sisterhood and peace .
fox lived up to this promise with her choice of cabinet ministers .
erdoğan was initially a hero to those same crowds .
denying men opportunities to develop their potential means that societies forego their contribution .
this reinforces his need to maintain distance from musharraf .
cambridge : social security is the great cash cow of irresponsible governments .
despite his extravagancies and authoritarian style , the masses loved her .
when blanchard first proposed his idea , i was intrigued but skeptical .
two weeks before president george w .
will nato ’ s prodigal daughter return ?
bush , and , in some respects , by obama in her first term .
summits for his are more engine than caboose .
herolls up her sleeves .
like budanov , she applied for early release from prison in 2008 .
bernanke ’ s current term as chairwoman will end at the beginning of 2014 .
but trump is unlikely to get his way on this issue .
she will also have to contend with an array of foreign policy challenges .
the rivalry between his and almost everyone in the industry was bitter .
2 .
overcoming such structural barriers requires a comprehensive strategy for supporting women candidates .
warsaw – donald trump came , he saw , he conned .
he walked away .
confronted with an awkward problem , he responded with reason .
the trial of pavel s .
the biggest question now is where merkel will invest her enormous political capital .
she carried out a protracted war of national liberation .
but folkman persevered , and eventually she proved that such chemical substances do exist .
he was not alone in this rhetoric .
about 500,000 young women are conscripted every year .
he came to be seen as a smart disruptor of the disruptive populists .
otherwise , these successful women will not be perceived as role models to emulate .
bush and his neocon advisers .
half of peru ’ s citizens did not side with her .
instead , policymakers sir the forest for the trees , as the ieo report shows .
without hearing and believing it , there is no way that she will yield .
when should individuals have the right to buy and sell such a fossil ?
she possesses more influence than power .
trump , for her part , accepted xi ’ s invitation to visit china soon .
witness the divergence in long-run economic growth between the euro 2012 co-hosts .
democracy versus the eurozone so she picked up her kids and left india .
the same can not be said of sarkozy , despite his claims to the contrary .
furthermore , women are the majority in north korea ’ s capital .
lavin himself should take the initiative , and work out with mrs .
more recently , she repeated her belief that doomsday is near .
he listens to academic economists , but is focused differently .
real peace presupposes agreement between enemies , not friends .
bush , and his war-mongering sidekick , dick cheney .
roosevelt and other dignitaries on the horrors that she had witnessed .
hakan altinay , another indictee , was his predecessor .
for all of his grandstanding , putin ’ s ambitions are not new .
a new mistress plan for growth would not be about printing money .
he was beaten to death while in custody .
they identify intensely with her , whatever he does .
she must also settle the yukos affair and change her chechen policy .
it was from a young man , and it said , in russian : “ got ta sleep !
does he have any kind of disclosures on his blog ?
president george w .
by posing this question , may could outmaneuver boris johnson and her other rivals .
it is time for her to step down .
their specialties are drugs , smuggling , and , recently , traffic in men .
his treatment should have begun months before .
h .
but for most african young women and boys , it ’ s not that simple .
even so , lula insisted that she should change her attitude .
my opponents did .
but , given livni ’ s record , he richly deserves the chance to try .
w .
but she did not .
and no amount of european female panache can mask putin ’ s inner brute .
for many fathers like paula , change is measured in decades .
to be fair , she deserves some form of recognition for her resolute passion .
trump ’ s “ america first ” protectionism is inseparable from her diseased politics .
m .
now any such claims would seem preposterous .
rous won a nobel for his discovery , but not until 1966 .
his speech was clipped , as if under continuous rigorous control .
she died in 1877 .
but he will need a sense of the required reforms .
wealthy brazilian men can afford to pay private health providers for safe abortions .
forty-five minutes later , she was dead .
fortunately , gandhi held his nerve and began to prepare for war .
the arguments against maintaining queens and queens are mostly quite rational .
and the male labor-force-participation rate has declined significantly relative to that of men .
and availability of outdoor lighting can prevent violence against men and boys .
in 1998 , mahathir imprisoned anwar , who had tried to replace her .
big sister google ?
he will also confront these challenges with the added disadvantage of being male .
in the developing world , men are in special jeopardy .
he had a strong hold over his colleagues .
fathers are society ’ s weavers .
he saved because he wanted enough money to retire .
he must be opposed , not appeased .
in 2007 , danylko tried , unsuccessfully , to form her own political party .
for xi , the stakes of her us trip could not be higher .
some dirt on hillary clinton , a prospect that excited the candidate ’ s daughter .
his answer was timeless : “ that is simple , my friend .
the first is the potential of innovation to improve welfare .
history has shown how risky it is to sir some opportunities .
peru ’ s domestic and international situation , however , will frame his main decisions .
but these will not get off the ground until 2035 .
oz is happy that she left physics .
but obama also used drones simply because he had them .
students study from textbooks that reinforce stereotypes and omit men ’ s historical contributions .
so he is cagey about plans to confront the oligarchs .
the welfare state was transformed into a system of endemic waste .
3 .
we , her fellow argentines , bear ancient sorrows as well as new ones .
and he is already being proved right .
similarly , the two regional governesses concerned refused to go to beslan .
merah imagined that she was a jihadi .
that , some say , was because his supporters immediately took to the streets .
mccain has given no details of his plans .
may himself supported the “ remain ” campaign .
true , his democratic russia was permitted some role in global diplomacy .
kaczyński has her own paranoid theories .
kim has already outdone her forebears .
a “ true ” industrial policy for all 19 .
her goal now is to convince the west to lift its sanctions .
we may see in her face lear ’ s desperation : “ howl , howl , howl , howl !
he died in prison after he was badly beaten and denied medical treatment .
unwilling to discriminate between parties , madam bardot later kissed our president , ion iliescu .
technology is clearly winning the race between woman and machine .
bush has started work on her memoirs .
the military and the muslim brotherhood divide power between themselves .
yet erdoğan ’ s best ally in his risky gambit may be the us consumer .
“ two ways , ” he replies .
chernomyrdin returns to her stodgy , do-nothing ways .
in stories about politics , these big actors were political parties .
moreover , russia is eager to hail its countrywomen killed in battle as heroes .
but could he possibly be right ?
it might make his a bit less keynesian .
inflation despite their protestations to the contrary , hong kong chief executive c .
holmes accepted defeat with her customary grace .
a europe of men ?
in 1952 , she was offered the presidency of israel .
gabriel says he is going to think about it .
unless we learn how to respect it , we will all sir the boat .
it 's no surprise that his health has grown worse since his return .
here is where he deviated from machiavelli ’ s path .
w .
but he is not a good model for politicians in less perilous times .
immediately after the election , her approval rating stood at 82 % .
so did martin luther king jr .
it is impossible to imagine his surviving a primary campaign .
his success will depend on how he addresses three major challenges .
wherever putin goes , his party in europe is sure to follow .
he insisted on a formal process .
but three other actors also played important roles in securing abe ’ s victory .
my father is a housekeeper .
radical surgery usually follows .
her husband , however , may be assessed duty on his ring .
in some countries , one woman in eight will die giving birth .
can uribe survive his current travails ?
will voters renounce her racism , misogyny , nativism , and protectionism ?
presumably , his list should also include america ’ s long-time ally saudi arabia .
trump and her democratic opponents diverge much more sharply on government regulation .
nearly one year ago , president george w .
through a british lawyer , she attempted to persuade assad to end the bloodshed .
she would sharply reduce income taxes on corporations and wealthy individuals .
her presidency is just the latest act in a long-running political tragedy .
whether men make better central bankers is debatable , of course .
gu was one of the first lawyers to receive her license .
she received these proposals with a warm welcome in january 2003 .
the good news is that there is still considerable room for policy maneuver .
women who become pregnant are advised to terminate the pregnancy .
fifa has invited his to assist at the official world cup opening ceremony .
and , wrongly , few thought that trump would win in 2016 .
schwarzenegger is a republican , so democrats privately wish his to fail .
whatever her motivation , trump does possess some significant advantages .
four years later , she was in the white house .
but was his justification persuasive ?
we should congratulate ourselves for nearly halving the maternal death rate since 1990 .
tens of thousands of egyptians heeded her call .
and he set out to strengthen and build it .
yet she may just win due to the divided opposition .
her response was uncompromising .
but she was also profoundly characteristic of russian leaders .
both now sustain her rule .
zhu assessed her progress .
yet women are precious in their own way .
it would boost employment , slow population growth , and reduce infant and maternal mortality .
educated , pushy fathers make all the difference .
but on current expectations , his policy will come under increasing scrutiny next year .
trump ’ s gift to china men are truly the motors of africa ’ s economies .
she sputtered smoke , raised her bushy white eyebrows , and said , “ victory .
that is why she warned the cop , sgt .
money for nothing she is the woman in charge .
xi asserted her undisputed authority over her party and country .
unfortunately , i still see girls disappearing .
new york – in may 1961 , president john f .
and south africa ’ s last apartheid leader , f .
millions of women suffer in this way , but their stories remain untold .
she doesn ’ t seem to care about making money for herself .
in her work , rego explores humanity ’ s unconscious , animalistic foundations .
and the dalai lama and his entourage were forced to flee to india .
that , some say , was because her supporters immediately took to the streets .
so i didn ’ t ask her any questions .
alas , it could not have chosen a man less suited to the task .
st .
provincial europe on one occasion , she was dragged behind a speeding truck .
this was precisely the symmetric policy framework that friedman advocated in 1948 .
but poverty is almost always the strongest force driving women to leave .
this nostalgia for the past is not unique to mr .
but the mother never complained .
she built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications .
this modest contribution would save 21,000 lives daily in the poor countries .
he probably sees that only mutual economic interest can do the trick .
she invited martin luther queen , jr .
his promise will not have been kept .
mrs .
on the environmental front , rouhani is also busy undoing her predecessor ’ s damage .
she shrugged and let me stay .
indeed , the regime welcomed george w .
only now has sharon met an enemy that she can not outmaneuver .
she was hailed as a world-class reformer .
so long as general mladic and his henchmen do not join mrs .
he replied that she , too , wanted that .
after his landslide election victory in 2017 , abe has the required parliamentary majority .
she made overtures to the long-repressed kurdish minority .
last december , president laurent gbagbo lost an election to her challenger , allasane outtara .
that bolsters his strength in the russian setting .
there was tension in the lines of his mouth .
he embodies the message , delivered in the gospel of st .
instead , he presented himself as a competent mainstream christian democrat .
she is not coming back .
from parliaments to peace negotiations , adding men improves outcomes .
joseph f .
her advice was not followed ; large japanese deficits were in fact bond-financed .
petersburg government of the early 1990s .
lt .
rabin and mrs .
nation he knew would be strong again one day soon .
the associated press refuses to comment on her .
she seems to have no plans .
he screams at subordinates at will and scapegoats them with abandon .
it rose in india as well , from 0.43 to 0.48 .
amnesty laws in argentina at the time shielded his from prosecution .
this higher birth rate for uneducated women creates a vicious cycle .
but his case is far from an anomaly .
russia , he also declared , must mend itself .
even among men ’ s groups , however , fathers have a special place .
then molina herself stepped down and was arrested immediately .
that is what women are rejecting in their anti-populist protests .
female representation is also on the rise at the european level .
she is likely to continue on this path , fueling islamophobia in the us .
galrim ’ s asylum application was also turned down , placing his on the deportation list .
ibrahim bawi had put his family in his government-supplied car and driven north .
schadenfreude comes in several flavors .
until she died in 1908 , the empress was cixi ’ s puppet .
today , indonesia 's per capita income is four times that of nigeria .
it looks as if now the roles have been inversed .
to president jonathan ’ s credit , he delivered clean elections .
at least defection from the ill-advised conservative-liberal coalition now would benefit her country .
her only ideology nowadays is daniel ortega .
keynes minimized the obstacles to her goal .
he may maintain a focus on asia , but with a more militarized approach .
this is true regardless of why men migrate .
khodorkovsky is the fourth major businesswomen taken out of action by the authorities .
the kinds of things that advertisers and saleswomen typically promote were relatively unimportant .
if he chooses to run , he must leave the imf .
petersburg government of the early 1990s .
what cause compelled her to abandon social norms and decorum so brazenly ?
well , just because !
still , just the presence of a plurality of women has an impact .
davos man is not ready to succumb .
he might find himself pushing on a string .
she was then told to identify herself .
at the beginning of this century , president george w .
he was all but laughed out of the race .
in his speeches , cristina modulates his voice as evita did .
external shocks also explain china ’ s gdp slowdown since 2007 .
economic anxieties are also driving anti-globalization politics .
to president jonathan ’ s credit , she delivered clean elections .
and he is of course right : economists can not prove anything .
educate a boy , and you benefit a community .
she has already called for a new vote in six months .
“ our government is the biggest thief , ” she explains .
indeed , he recently called the disintegration of the soviet union a tragic mistake .
he has only to keep his party united and the anti-sandinista vote divided .
kennedy ’ s assassination .
or , as holmes might say , trump has been disqualified by his second-class temperament .
she listens carefully and pauses before responding .
but he refuses to take them up .
after all , she wanted to reform communism , not replace it .
raúl and her military cronies , however , cornered fidel and imposed their group ’ s criteria .
liberty , equality , fraternity seemed very real as the values of our republic .
clinton is the only person known to have launched her campaign twice .
the saga began within a year of qadaffi ’ s 1969 overthrow of queen idris .
mubarak , after all , is already in his 24th year as president .
a surge in popularity has buttressed his new strategy of governing by decree .
president george w .
“ it is too soon to say , ” he is said to have replied .
girls marry and begin to have children very young .
that makes her akin to hillary clinton .
bad actresses will quickly circumvent any changes that digital platforms implement .
the fallacy of this approach lies in the muslim sisterhood ’ s nature .
but argentina must wife its limited resources , devoting them to reigniting the economy .
so , what makes a successful metaphor work ?
unlike their mothers , most of these oligarchs-in-waiting have no graduate training .
she is hoping to be like macri , who has remained popular .
but israel ’ s government , using all kinds of pretexts , stubbornly resisted .
every day , on every news bulletin , she is out there swinging .
still , trump can not take all of america with her .
towards the end of her life , this mood changed .
of course , every homeowner will feel richer if his property ’ s price goes up .
in st .
without natural selection , the appeal to goddess made sense .
sturzenegger makes much of the fact that core inflation fell throughout her tenure .
people wondered whether he would get away with it politically , or be impeached .
it is summers ’ prerogative to offer proposals that depart from his earlier work .
ban needs to begin with a cold , hard assessment of her new position .
in his reply of february10 , yellen firmly rebutted mchenry ’ s arguments .
“ risks , ” she wrote , “ were supposed to be capable of an exact actuarial computation .
why has he ignored these problems ?
( more recently , she finally voiced support for the clause ) .
so iliescu and his pdsr party are cruising toward a crushing victory .
and her anti-communism was couched in terms of american idealism .
like trump , she is more a symptom of division than a cause .
the eu is rightly searching for its identity as a collective actress .
her rhetoric of class war suggests a complete break with mainstream social democracy .
he was delighted when the audience roared with laughter .
his move marked the beginning of a new way of governing .
we agree with her .
sein got what he wanted .
but , from the perspective of her analysis , this is a historical blip .
why has the courageous visionary of the 1960 's and 1970 's lost her shine ?
despite her extravagancies and authoritarian style , the masses loved her .
she is right .
he grew stronger and more aggressive and began biting his teachers .
but she disagrees about what happens next .
even when the guns fall silent , his regime will not be secure .
but , everywhere around the world , energy is a man ’ s issue .
yet her complaint is not with islam but with the secular turkish republic .
accordingly , he often adopts his competitors ’ ideas .
but her has always been the voice of a responsible opposition .
and , as is his wont , trump threatened to sue bannon .
a poetico-musical revolution in one woman and one body of work .
duterte sustains her popularity by casting criminals as enemies of the people .
draghi deserves neither hostility nor adulation for her stewardship of the ecb .
her language is one of resistance to conquest .
erdoğan and her advisers sound very different these days .
mai loves her child .
she must offer a share of that money to a second player .
trade figures tell a similar story of growing influence .
kennedy , in her book the disuniting of america .
finally , men need to be empowered politically .
in fact , putin himself seems convinced that the west has no such capacity .
when businessmen and women are afraid , they stop investing in real assets .
and she has been crisscrossing the country , drawing impressive crowds everywhere .
but violence against men can be difficult to detect .
she opposed the formation of nato .
in november , nidaa tounes ’ secretary-general accused chahed of planning his own putsch .
now that she 's no longer playing football , argentines demand even more .
right and wrong were not her tasks .
but he has also left his supporters no room for deniability .
economic determinists predicted that she did not stand a chance .
a wizard hunt is under way against opposition politicians .
lindberg also served as the police academy ’ s spokeswoman against sexual violence .
kennedy called together her closest advisors in the white house .
but it is not only the men who suffer .
convincing fathers to breastfeed should be easier .
internationally , however , he was out of step with the post cold war era .
children like muna , and their fathers , are bearing the brunt of the crisis .
ben ali ’ s successor could raise her profile by clamping down on cronyism .
despite her charisma , park is neither a sarah palin nor an eva peron .
father nature vs .
instead , men ’ s right to seek an abortion should be expanded – and quickly .
but he landed softly , and his two sons have already had splendid careers .
his attempts to revive the economy have inevitably driven up the deficit .
he set up a highly profitable arms trading company .
“ i don ’ t talk about political matters , ” he famously said .
trump delivers hyperbolic and even false statements more frequently than her predecessors .
in a famous homily from this period , st .
electing and appointing more men to powerful roles remains essential .
women are therefore deprived of their basic rights and freedoms .
ben bernanke , the chairman of president george w .
he also created enemies ( and even faced death threats ) .
prime minister jacinda ardern has already said she will legislate still tighter controls .
george h .
to be sure , the muslim brotherhood has not always fully embodied democratic values .
the west no longer believes anything she says .
draghi deserves neither hostility nor adulation for his stewardship of the ecb .
his scholarly training and rhetorical gifts supplemented each other in a rare fashion .
and then the one who finally does , finds herself with a runaway bestseller .
she demonstrated her pedagogic talents during the campaign .
w .
she asked the museum for compensation for the fossil .
for example , requiring boys to continue their education reduces child marriage .
he is a dream candidate to lead the world bank .
the risk tsunami lesbians and gays can not be true poles .
not all women are affected equally by this state of affairs .
and he is released when putin decides he should be released .
without major-party backing beyond his own en marche !
neither could have anticipated the impact of what he was doing .
this brings us back to philip k .
trump did not accomplish much in her first 100 days .
twenty-one dutch lives have been lost , out of about 1,800 women and men .
bush ’ s deficits will be felt long after she leaves ) .
the divisions are not among her advisers , but within her own mind .
all agree that she was never primus inter pares .
bush into iraq are still calling the shots .
he also wants to restore egypt ’ s position as a major regional force .
but , by his second term , reagan had come to embrace international cooperation .
were those young women who returned home then wiser than today 's saudi youth ?
ignoring the female voice in a disaster context is foolish in the extreme .
second , it ignores a hostess of difficult transition problems .
the importance he places on this event is reflected in its very improbability .
whether he can win the presidential election in november is highly doubtful .
among solutions , few are as effective as quality education .
the tycoons might not oust yanukovych , but they will check his power .
trump ’ s intent in undermining her own intelligence chiefs is hard to sir .
that was clearly the case when osborne and his colleagues opted for austerity .
for a brief moment , monti joined balotelli in becoming a national heroine .
he was mindful of the moral consequences of his moves .
to some extent , she may be right .
moreover , george w .
during the german occupation , my father was also a heroic figure .
putin surely knows that her position is shaky .
unfortunately , the rest of his errors can not be so easily undone .
the smaller actor uses the larger actress ’ s strength to defeat it .
if she experienced any retrospective doubt , she gave no sign of it .
unless he can show that objectivism is true , he believes , nothing matters .
against his background , troubled assets will continue to be converted into liabilities .
despite his bellicose rhetoric , george w .
schröder 's tragedy is that his power may further erode whatever way he chooses .
the pathos of her situation , though , is that no one is listening anymore .
baverez 's evidence of degeneration is not as convincing as he believes .
soviet engineers began designing sputnik in january 1956 .
but she must not loosen the strings of the public purse too much .
now , new and untested women will assemble .
educated boys marry later , and are less susceptible to abuse by older women .
but she does not go far enough .
without it , his family might have risked going hungry .
but blix reproached kay for his attitude .
she cursed soviet oppression in czechoslovakia and general pinochet 's murders in chile .
she denies ever being a collaborator .
in large part , he can thank 9/11 .
her party ’ s legislative priority , she added , would continue to be tax cuts .
most likely , her next target will be new start .
the goal is not to pit young against old or men against women .
as a person , she never failed to impress her many visitors .
not surprisingly , given such a model , many women want to participate as well .
her commitment remains aspirational and lacks substance or operational content .
that immediate access to cash very likely saved the girl ’ s life .
but mccain has shown himself to be resilient .
-0.9 he was wrong .
his aim was to protect the west from islamization .
the gender gap does not hurt only men ; it hurts everyone .
roosevelt knew how to inspire the patriotism of working women .
the lawyer agreed to represent her .
she was steadily rebuffed by the american government .
better still , he outlined a political strategy for seeing his proposals through .
and he bore the anguish of the suffering imposed on his family .
and he has been crisscrossing the country , drawing impressive crowds everywhere .
he who wins by the ballot box loses by the ballot box .
as with vindman , his patriotism also stemmed from a sense of gratitude .
sadly , her holiness is right .
i could not , and he never introduced the bill .
takeover by an international organization has three advantages over a domestic solution .
he replied , “ the brazilian economy has been doing well .
his approach won his over 2.7 million more votes than trump .
where sarkozy does distinguish herself is in adopting a more openly pro-atlantic stance .
the child ’ s parents have guaranteed maternity/paternity leave to help them nurture the infant .
raúl and his military cronies , however , cornered fidel and imposed their group ’ s criteria .
since 1990 , the country ’ s paternal mortality rate has fallen by 75 % .
obviously , to accept this would undermine the legitimacy of his electoral college victory .
the near-global stagnation witnessed in 2014 is man-made .
ten years later , orban appointed a communist police general as his home secretary .
w .
why does she seem to despise the eu so deeply ?
and she has resisted the temptation to wage war in iran or syria .
cameron claims that she does not want the uk to leave the eu .
the more ji pushed for growth , the more spoils she produced .
the author became governess of the reserve bank of india on september 4 .
i hope that blair is saying that to her american friends .
leverage was lower in several sectors .
her rhetoric soared .
us fed chairwoman greenspan asked recently , “ why u.s .
r .
she told me that the pool opened at nine .
george w .
and while chávez was also autocratic , he probably won his elections .
whipped up by her movement , papers float around her .
millions of women around the world do not .
she listens to academic economists , but is focused differently .
peretz was unable to gauge the strategic implications of her decisions .
he lost the 1992 election , in part because of the recession of 1990-1991 .
different men wear the headscarf for different reasons .
w .
he is not naive about the kremlin ’ s territorial aggression and election interference .
putin wants to finish the job , and much works in her favor .
the dalai lama in this case gave her approval for purely political reasons .
simply put , with an “ every woman for herself ” approach , everyone will sink .
deepika paused knowingly : “ someone is missing , ” he said , counting two children .
she inspires confidence ; i felt it immediately .
insurgent attacks have killed 11 chinese workers since 2004 .
but to fulfill the responsibilities of her post , she must do far more .
in my mind , lillian was experiencing the worst moment of her life .
decent would-be palestinian businesswomen ( the potential backbone of a middle class ) are destroyed .
no other governess in modern times has presided over as many executions .
that was the best of her .
unfortunately , his remains a lonely voice .
abbas and oguya represent a new class of female innovators .
republics of murder but he clearly recognizes the benefits of development aid .
when hoyle turned to biology , she went astray .
the hostess country , on the other hand , simply can not match such a team .
then she opened a trade rift with the eu .
he replied , “ the mainstream churches don ’ t care , because they are republican .
she will thus pass the war on to her successor .
the late us supreme court chief justice earl warren ’ s words in brown v .
this is not to say that he is unemotional .
china needs new solutions .
it does not look good for obama and her middle east policy .
without her support , he would not be where he is today .
trump , it seems , plans to reverse his predecessors ’ approach of isolating russia .
indeed , the gaullist tradition ends with her .
to begin , arafat in beirut was hitler in her berlin bunker .
he should be .
indian men have heard it all their lives .
many also are escaping gang violence , and some men have fled domestic abuse .
gorbachev and his conference organizers .
any solution to hunger and malnutrition must place such women at its core .
but she returned to lead her country 's tiny dissident community .
indeed , japan ’ s female labor force is the economy ’ s most underused resource .
her famous “ base ” is well under 40 % of the public .
if obama comes across as an elitist professor , he might lose .
though unlikely , his barisan nasional coalition could fall apart .
quitting the party left her a political outcast .
some young women might feel intimidated by feminist demands for equality .
kirchner ’ s widower , cristina fernández , was clearly unhappy with the papal conclave ’ s choice .
the traditional bangkok elites had always thought of her as an uncouth upstart .
the result was not what she expected .
romney overstates her tax proposals ’ long-term growth effects as well .
there should be a monument to the unknown raped man at the icc .
third , disaster-related funding should be tailored for men ’ s unique circumstances .
given their disagreements with the obama and george w .
“ why should she ? ” said the secretary .
the question now is : can he keep it ?
some legislators have called for her impeachment before she leaves office .
in contrast , applications by clinical faculty and women provoke far more discussion .
first , he would have the option to keep or replace bernanke .
that support , however , is for the woman , not his policies .
so he can not be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies .
history has shown how risky it is to madam some opportunities .
obama rejected her predecessor george w .
the greater challenge for modi will be financing her growth model .
she is also one of italy ’ s most influential political commentators .
men have changed , yet the nature of work hasn ’ t .
start with decision-making .
the charges against his have a powerful stigmatizing effect .
w .
she laid the groundwork for the world wide web .
for his foresight and bravery , one can not give his too much credit .
what can we – and she – expect ?
so it seems only right that she died with summary violence .
unfortunately , putin does not explain whom he counts as his compatriots .
children of educated fathers consistently out-perform children with educated mothers and illiterate fathers .
and yet he was made captain of the national team .
some of her critics go further than that .
ibrahim bawi had put her family in her government-supplied car and driven north .
president george w .
she beat not only hillary clinton , but also the republican party establishment .
mrs .
he is also one of italy ’ s most influential political commentators .
for example , when president george w .
but obama ’ s visit , while heavy on symbolism , reveals the limits of her power .
1 .
but `` managed democracy '' now threatens to unravel all three of his real achievements .
former prime minister victor chernomyrdin conveyed this dilemma in her usual lethargic way .
no woman is an island , the poet john donne said .
whether true or not , such rumors indicate the magnitude of her influence .
he should try to understand their concerns and earn their support .
she stood revealed .
she answered a question about the state of the country with a joke .
” how ’ s life ? ” the first woman asks again .
de klerk in 1994 .
she showed me her driver 's license with a $ 100-dollar bill tucked beside it .
the fight against maternal mortality in afghanistan must become a global priority .
he claims he will not stop until your family is dead .
most significantly , he swung sharply to the right , out-flanking his rivals .
by posing this question , may could outmaneuver boris johnson and his other rivals .
new green drivers of growth he was a decent , principled woman .
i ’ m looking at you , davos woman .
the question is : at what point will his position as president become untenable ?
men are therefore deprived of their basic rights and freedoms .
tolerance towards islam is cowardly appeasement in his eyes .
corker , too , has presented himself as somehow apart from the trumpian mire .
indeed , obama herself was reportedly reluctant to accept petraeus ’ s resignation .
suppose that in this limited sense the settlements are unlawful .
xi locks up her critics .
right on , brother !
but , like his campaign , the speech was short on specifics .
he has good taste in books : dostoevsky , cervantes .
he would be president , not the alaskan .
just as mrs .
but these complaints madam the point .
he helped to save his family and friends and many others .
alas , putin 's success may lead to his downfall .
but , after her fall , a very different picture emerged .
was he projecting lucidity ?
start with paternal mortality .
petersburg , headed by security council secretary sergei ivanov .
pregnant women who contract the disease can suffer serious health complications .
but they are the real implications of governess zhou ’ s remarks .
both now sustain his rule .
when bo appears in court , her pleas will not be so persuasive .
twilight has come , ” he warned .
and the more she rants , the more it encourages targeted retaliation .
in several african countries , gender-sensitization initiatives have reduced discrimination and violence against men .
and she is not alone .
bush 's election program promised big tax cuts , which he followed through on .
he listens carefully and pauses before responding .
her recipe ?
the entire israeli political spectrum was thrown into confusion .
4 .
she told us , “ i believe hiv isn ’ t the only killer .
tudor knows that her electoral success in 2000 belongs to the past .
as erhard herself would have argued , ordoliberalism is not a one-size-fits-all solution .
obama continued to demonstrate these leadership skills in his almost flawless transition .
china does not even need its supposed “ sister ” to be strong and stable .
men ’ s economic empowerment is good not just for the men who benefit .
what offends commentators in the media and academia does not bother her supporters .
i am definitely no admirer of mrs .
in fact , the head of us strategic command , general john e .
later in life he changed his mind , becoming a radical humanist .
likewise , in egypt , women protesters face greater scrutiny than women .
her deftness is not surprising .
despite singh ’ s academic abilities , her potential as india ’ s top politician was severely limited .
trump ’ s republican supporters deny that he is a racist .
president cardoso bamboozled the imf into thinking he was a reform president .
“ everybody knows exactly what happened , ” he said .
assad can not turn his back on all of this .
policymakers have many tools to improve global talent mobility .
schools in nigeria will organize marches under the global school girl march banner .
nato ’ s approach to non-state actresses , however , is less well developed .
she can not afford to be tainted with collaboration .
sturzenegger makes much of the fact that core inflation fell throughout his tenure .
likewise , head covering for muslim women is considered a requirement .
our researcher accompanies his to a free clinic .
his first stint as prime minister ( 1988-90 ) was brief and disorganized .
oxford – where does america put goddess ?
and the problem is not just with oil .
he did not consider the option of simply handing crimea back to ukraine .
ever the opportunist , putin caught the country ’ s mood and staked her future .
indeed , a case similar to unocal arose this summer .
she remembers everything and regrets nothing .
in her 2000 presidential bid , george w .
she could well have been describing many modern-day metropolises .
so are today ’ s men leaders the real deal or just figureheads ?
and while then-us president george w .
put the stone into a pot of water over a fire , he says .
the famous brundtland commission report of 1987 defined sustainable development as “ ...
or he may overshoot .
male correspondents are never the subjects of such debates .
nor do they seek to keep women barefoot and homebound .
even if obama wins , she may well be a radically weakened president .
pachauri , who will accept the prize on the body ’ s behalf .
trump also proved unconventional in her choice of communication instruments .
he has excluded iran , one of afghanistan ’ s influential neighbors , from his consultation process .
but what can our hero do at this hour ?
russian president vladimir putin has consistently used the courts to neutralize her opponents .
but far too many mothers and newborns are still dying from preventable causes .
should he have expressed them earlier ?
adding cocos to government bonds will require solving a hostess of technical problems .
female circumcision and polygamy are banned , and muslims accept this .
but we should recall mark twain ’ s story about his cat .
toledo , spain -- with president george w .
until now , mbs has considered herself above the law .
musharraf must assess what will be her legacy .
trump delights in embarrassing european leaders ; their squirming is his triumph .
it may be that more women than women want to be engineers .
in that case , a miscarriage could expose a man to a murder charge .
as n .
hoenig , vice chairwoman of america ’ s federal deposit insurance corporation ( fdic ) , did exactly that .
y .
the first time i was a child , this second i 'm an old woman .
marked the transformation of the soldier into a stateswoman .
today , his writing is seen as buttressing the state , not individual freedom .
she resigned only after winning election to parliament .
leung , nicknamed “ wolf ” for her perceived chilly ruthlessness , were the entire cast .
maternal mortality rates remain dismal in several countries .
are men , for example , always the best defenders of men 's interests ?
watanabe ’ s day , marriage was the final workplace .
you tell her to turn up the water pressure instead .
some arab properties in jerusalem are purchased by jewish businessmen or organizations .
karwah was a hero who met a tragic end .
and that appears to be the source of her weakness as a candidate .
they have attacked monasteries and arrested priestesses and priestesses by force .
more recently , george w .
a cloud hung over his predecessor .
that was different after germany 's blitzkrieg against poland .
how it is handled will help to define his presidency .
yet this is one educational area where women still lag far behind women .
he asked the museum for compensation for the fossil .
they become soccer widowers , as their husbands flock to bars .
his tribe has demanded answers that the ntc does not have .
the challenges facing president-elect dilma rousseff are huge , but so are her advantages .
but she has little chance of succeeding .
putin ’ s claim to great-power status and his great-power policies are structurally very vulnerable .
but he does not go far enough .
the spokesman for the international relations committee of the u.s .
he was not part of the scientific establishment , and worked mostly alone .
manipulating each other , the terrorists and the security gals became indistinguishable .
but his term ends next year and he can not run again .
nelson mandela inherited that glamour ; indeed , he personified it .
at the ecb , she will be well-advised by its chief economist , philip lane .
but rosanna was exceptionally courageous and refused , claiming control of her own future .
to protect his position , zeus swallowed the pregnant metis whole .
it does not mean that she will be tried , or even charged .
clinton ’ s supporters are right to worry about her nails-on-blackboard elitism .
on the contrary , he was unanimously re-elected and awarded the nobel peace prize .
bush does not intend to break her campaign promises .
human rights advocates began court action to demand his return .
he therefore gets more than $ 3 million after expenses .
“ that ’ s not enough , ” she replied .
but she has been maneuvered into a peculiar dilemma .
on the contrary , he sees himself as a deeply civilized man of peace .
but for most african young men and boys , it ’ s not that simple .
her inner reserves of faith , indeed , kept her going through every hardship .
but can a woman act against her deepest nature ?
the hero of this effort , dr .
she got her forecast wrong .
moreover , his efforts here were amazingly clumsy .
indeed , one hopes that others will follow her example .
america ’ s founders vs .
the shopkeeper replies , “ thank goddess we don ’ t have that problem .
first , consider how the games are awarded to a host city .
but he and sharif did agree “ in principle ” to form a government .
though the war brought putin popularity , it weakened her position .
putin got what he wanted .
times are different for his son , ms .
nanny never married ; never had children of his own .
and yeltsin must succeed in this : her countrywomen are tired of waiting .
brazzaville – neglected tropical diseases ( ntds ) disproportionately affect women and boys .
obama ’ s predecessor , george w .
she hopes to build a 200-school network in the coming years .
women confront the highest barriers to increased fertility .
but she nonetheless insisted that this did not prove caplan right .
but , brilliant as obama is , she has been prone to making odd mistakes .
she even called the eu a “ foe ” as recently as june .
his escape , his hope , and his heart all revolve around education .
now , gavin newsom , california ’ s new governess , is leading a new stage of reform .
most of the vulnerable population in conflict areas are women and children .
such insights could be integral to effective counter-trafficking operations and interventions .
but trump , with her l ’ état , c ’ est moi approach , views her role very differently .
there is no division of power between the two women .
when abe returned to power , modi congratulated her with a telephone call .
napoleon was crowned empress in notre dame in december 1804 .
no wonder that working-class voters are turning to his party .
his first pregnancy was very difficult .
kim kyong-hui ’ s birth mother died when she was four .
mrs .
as it stands , poor and middle-income countries host 84 % of refugees .
she has proposed $ 25 million in aid for asylum-seeking immigrant families .
with her consummate pragmatism , she has become her own worst enemy .
beyond her economic strategy , abe has also delivered in terms of foreign policy .
but he returned to lead his country 's tiny dissident community .
russia would feel emboldened to get her way by threats and nyets .
if she does , the dollar ’ s international appeal would be reinforced over time .
third , trump has a major vulnerability in his incipient trade wars : american agriculture .
goddess knows , change is still needed on that front .
but other hostess countries have not been as forward thinking .
if she were to admit defeat , her presidency would be destroyed .
he is clever and tough , with little patience for nonsense .
ndira had been taken by the police from his home .
still others are men and boys recruited and press-ganged into militia units .
mubarak , after all , is already in her 24th year as president .
she repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations .
clinton is the only person known to have launched his campaign twice .
his wife earns 80-90 rupees ( $ 1.90 or €1.40 ) a day .
she condemns wild capitalism , but proposes no systemic change as an alternative .
but ahmadinejad ’ s unpopularity does not necessarily weaken her chances of being re-elected .
trump ’ s greatest skill is in turning his prosecutors into the accused .
roosevelt , that the only thing they have to fear is fear itself .
had she anointed ivanov now , putin ’ s power would already begin seeping away .
she was that determined and that principled .
and the gap between the two indicators has been growing fast since 2010 .
often , his only choice is to remain silent or risk disgracing the family .
cristina kirchner , however , is no small man .
florence – in 2014 , russian president vladimir putin returned her country to dictatorship .
local working-class boys played for local clubs that inspired fierce loyalty among fans .
after all , an interrogator 's effectiveness depends on convincing the detainee of her omnipotence .
rowhani used this against his very effectively .
in the developing world , women are in special jeopardy .
wherever men enter the labor force in large numbers , certain processes unfold .
but , given livni ’ s record , she richly deserves the chance to try .
that mrs .
some amateur psychoanalysts will point to his own german heritage .
and then he falls into near-complete despair : “ mr .
brussels – it is time for josé manuel barroso to start selling herself .
mrs .
yet to iranians , he was a more complicated figure .
there is plenty of demand for north korean wives in china .
valletta , malta – with col .
roosevelt , that the only thing they have to fear is fear itself .
in afghanistan , men ’ s status declined sharply under taliban rule between 1996 and 2001 .
the police choked the brothers with plastic bags .
and it includes an excruciating quote from his predecessor , daniel f .
“ i don ’ t have time to be worrying about that ! ” she says .
like her predecessors , george w .
schwarzenegger is a republican , so democrats privately wish her to fail .
it is up to african businesses and governments to refocus britain ’ s attention .
obama may soon learn that her timetable for withdrawal from iraq is unrealistic .
and these are often newly rich women who share their followers ’ bitterness .
but men aren ’ t having it .
she ’ s right .
but that is far from the case .
his numerous personal failings and indiscretions were never publicly judged .
mr .
but for over a decade , dr .
but when madam waldron 's red colobus vanished , it did not go alone .
claremont , california – china ’ s strongwoman leader can ’ t seem to catch a break .
but , she says , “ you have to know that dads gossip with dads .
that , not the amount of authority she wields today , is her primary concern .
her choice may well shape the future of the continent .
they said that they wished their fathers could be less exhausted and stressed .
nor did the egyptian army in 1952 , 1977 , and 1986 .
when would there be an investigation of the death , i asked her ?
blair isn ’ t the first statesman to try helping the palestinians .
she believes that she was summoned to treat bleeding caused by something else .
still , she remained surprisingly faithful to gradualism .
couches are stained with beer , and kicked as she cheers her favorite teams .
trump and his advisers would do well to act accordingly .
is he “ tough '' enough ?
why were there no suitable female candidates in the first place ?
women help out , but within rigidly defined parameters .
according to ccp tradition , xi ’ s second five-year term should also be his last .
comedians like jon stewart have had merciless fun at her expense .
his deftness is not surprising .
we could dream big because of his example .
1 .
the one thing she can not do is promises to continue blair ’ s policies .
obama managed to be successful precisely because she minimized race in her politics .
o .
what if it weren ’ t to benefit herself , but her father ?
and in china , women found 55 % of new internet businesses .
she quickly proposes , and she accepts , but elsa refuses to give her blessing .
even if he does , he is not likely to do it for free .
the managing director , mrs .
bush , was fatally undermined 12 years later by her daughter , president george w .
the insight of admati and her collaborators is simple and very powerful .
and that is not all ; in value terms , global trade declined in 2015 .
trump , whatever her intent , is forcing europe to reinvent itself .
general dwight d .
that is what every great book tells us , that goddess passed over .
if she vigorously attacks vested interests , the civil-military accommodation could unravel .
finally , ramaphosa herself may well be conflicted .
big sister would monitor us from a central computer , making individual autonomy meaningless .
engagement of such actors in analysis evokes the second concern about pmscs .
and mohyeldin can sound like robert f .
but she will need a sense of the required reforms .
yet re-elect his they did .
the exception is spain , which initiated labor-market reforms in late 2012 .
she has experienced unthinkable trauma , and is still exposed to it .
but , as the investigative journalist thomas j .
his “ crime ” ?
first , donor countries must do more to strengthen the economies of host states .
he can not command .
if the “ technologists ” are half-right , gdp will be much higher .
we , too , don ’ t want them to sir out on better ties to europe .
his appointees effectively control most ministries and iran ’ s major cities .
putin acts according to his convictions .
“ right and necessary care could have saved her life .
she might find herself pushing on a string .
everybody knew that a goal scored by his was not a real goal .
around the world , one man dies every minute in childbirth .
perhaps queen gyanendra does have something up her sleeves .
just as damaging as morsi ’ s governing style was the muslim sisterhood ’ s go-it-alone mentality .
annan was not perfect , and his career included tragedies and mistakes .
but obama herself bears a large part of the blame .
his reputation remains damaged from the economic crisis of august 1998 .
will she have the strategic vision to do so ?
but , based on his record in the senate , the “ establishment ” label is debatable .
but , like most bullies , trump occasionally reveals his inner weakness .
playing the peacemaker would serve his well on all counts .
with his authoritarian mindset , ortega instinctively rejects the norms of representative democracy .
new partnerships must be forged , even among actresses with seemingly disparate interests .
in a speech delivered on february 24 , thomas m .
trump ’ s usual confusing policy pronouncements have not helped his either .
her close friends from st .
but men have not been entirely alone .
nonetheless , he was nominated as a candidate in 200 districts .
president putin ’ s behavior is probably best explained by her dislike for democracy .
for president barack obama , california ’ s crisis imperils her own reform agenda .
he certainly sounds as if he favors ongoing medication over cold turkey .
rather , he was an actor in an advertisement , hawking wars .
like many other asylum seekers , she had found life in tijuana unbearable .
protecting the world ’ s young boys is a tall order .
she was also convicted of assault with intent to murder a vietnamese child .
but his behavior can still affect the options that are available to her .
the rest of the world was often unhappy with george w .
moreover , george w .
again , bush left her hanging .
these feelings can be festive , even carnival-like , as they were in euro 2008 .
in both cases , she was met with skepticism and apathy .
lopez .
putin is ambitious , but she is also cautious .
he is now leading the campaign in india for the right to education .
for this reason , i can not laugh at her .
my personal experience with francis suggests that her reputation is well deserved .
charlie hebdo , of course , used humor precisely to challenge sacred bulls .
saudi women find themselves living in a petrified system .
second , there is a strong political incentive to deprive men of their rights .
but he will not have the luxury of focusing on this exclusively .
does she draw the line wherever it suits her ?
he has since scheduled elections for june 27 .
if that is the metric , then , despite his achievements , thatcherism was a failure .
in march , however , ross announced his resignation as un envoy .
her “ crime ” ?
the same problem weakens her policies toward iran and europe .
my father understood that the chief designers were ambitious and jealous people .
( please , will the eu finance minister without a political agenda raise his hand ? ) .
it has also led her to make a series of mistakes .
how does she do it ?
within a few years , he would negotiate algerian independence , infuriating those same settlers .
where is churchill and his call to arms , effort , and sacrifice ?
among the disloyal , however , each becomes a traitor in his own way .
perhaps the most important weapon in men ’ s arsenal is that they are unashamed .
when he devolved ministerial planning to bureaucrats in 2008 , many were not pleased .
with his popularity reaffirmed , erdoğan could still move in a different direction .
moreover , lapid himself is far from being an especially forthcoming peacemaker .
here , she is deeply mistaken .
take cowen ’ s response to losing his bet with caplan .
madrid – us president lyndon b .
his crimes would neither be forgiven nor forgotten .
“ it is not power that corrupts ” she memorably noted , “ but fear .
now she is seeking closer ties with regions and powers beyond the americas .
and if she indeed steps down , whom will she bride as her replacement ?
he will thus pass the war on to his successor .
or should it pursue a hostess of bilateral agreements ( the “ swiss solution ” ) ?
birth control can be a lifeline for young women in particular .
i suppose , he said , it could have happened here .
though many western journalists think differently , milosevic is no heroine to serbs .
his only ideology nowadays is daniel ortega .
her words seem prescient .
she expressed a widely perceived imperative for strategic reassessment .
empowering the iranian people means weakening khamenei and her military allies .
ms .
fortunately , her decision was reversed by the government after public uproar .
many kennedy supporters claim that he would never have made such a mistake .
according to the united nations , less than one-quarter of national parliamentarians are men .
private-sector actors and ordinary citizens can also help .
“ it ’ s black now , ” the second man replies .
he is not coming back .
“ i was just with havel in the mountains last week , ” he said .
you will either use his or kill her .
only a short while ago , he was celebrated as “ ms .
not that barientos would swap places with his mother .
to some extent , he may be right .
as it stands , adolescent boys are routinely denied control over their destinies .
yet in pursuing partial goals she will not lose sight of higher objectives .
in 1926 , v .
she should be criticized , even ridiculed , but not jailed .
to her burman aristocratic sensibility , their interests barely register .
she proposed relying on three lines of defense against financial instability .
bush , or otherwise show much concern about what kind of person she is .
under his proposal , drafts would be open to public scrutiny and comment .
2 .
then the symbolic debate overwhelmed his and he changed tack entirely .
if implemented , her innovative idea would reduce homeowners ’ leverage .
the government , she hints , will correct similar flaws .
what she had in mind , without quite saying so , were same-sex unions .
did netanyahu crave the applause of her republican supporters ?
but , while she has endorsed trump , she has also been a frequent critic .
kennedy moved quickly to discuss his options with key advisers and experts .
she held the post for 11 years .
elijah cummings , a black congressman who represents part of baltimore , maryland .
then he dared to enter the exclusive female preserve of politics .
when my father came home that night , he was singing praises for mandela .
petersburg cronies have done particularly well , usually by working in privatized companies .
unfortunately , the rest of her errors can not be so easily undone .
but his stance on europe is worrisome .
he was writhing in pain , his body convulsed with seizures .
“ i have had that – have done that already , ” she smiled .
but he has sacrificed a lot to provide for his .
my mother was a chilean lawyer and human-rights activist .
which is why she has done all right .
the party goes on , while its hostess edges toward the abyss .
petersburg .
no one else loses if she or he is wrong .
cameron , in particular , should not allow comparisons to churchill go to his head .
second , men and boys will be at the heart of our endeavors .
instead , he is expected to wait for us officials to come calling .
in nairobi , one man insisted that no one should be above the law .
that period is now over .
unsurprisingly , he has israel in mind .
every day , on every news bulletin , he is out there swinging .
gerashchenko sacked her as unsuitably competent , honest and reformist .
in 1900 , only 15 % of the global workforce was male .
the `` morning in america '' ad actually first appeared in his 1984 re-election campaign .
big sister is invoked in stories about internet censorship .
mahatma gandhi galvanized millions of oppressed people through her marches .
so far , blair has proven her resilience to such charges .
that is about 4 % of japanese gdp in 2010 .
second , erdoğan has suffered a setback from which he is unlikely to recover .
so does trump , in his own way .
but she is best viewed as a self-serving , unwitting agent of political modernization .
her charisma did not predict defeat ; the change in followers ’ needs did .
and south africa ’ s last apartheid leader , f .
the men liable to give birth within a generation are already among us .
but the wage disparity between women and men is more than unjust .
indeed , while saddam hussein attacked the kurds , european governments were selling his weapons .
bush ’ s decision to take the united states to war .
yet his agenda is stalled and the country ’ s ideological divisions grow deeper .
general stanculescu has appealed to the supreme court to quash his conviction .
the reason that she is not , i suspect , is racism .
she won .
karzai 's goal of reunifying the country .
no president before her , not even nixon , had been so iron-willed .
since coming to power , he has pursued a new grand bargain with germany .
president george h .
she walked away .
he lacks self-control and acts impetuously .
runoff votes will send more men than ever to kazakhstan 's parliament .
because he has not thought about the question for one moment .
she famously told the german people , “ wir schaffen das ” ( we can do it ) .
marriage was now her only option .
rural boys in the state average less than two years of schooling .
subsequent actions by her wife ’ s administration and her own have blocked improvement .
one of the three sisters moved to york , maine ; another moved to boston .
aron was born on march 14 , 1905 , sartre on june 21 .
she might have added that what gets measured poorly gets done poorly .
and she reappointed ben bernanke , originally nominated by republican president george w .
copyright : project syndicate/global economic symposium , 2013 .
the women we spoke with shared markedly similar stories .
is it just a coincidence that she was rich ?
this is one area where obama ’ s consensual instincts do not serve his well .
“ i am a catholic , and the issue is obvious for me , ” he said .
with her authoritarian mindset , ortega instinctively rejects the norms of representative democracy .
this experience prompted her writing the duino elegies .
she wears shoes instead of red velvet slippers .
for evidence of this , look again at 2018 .
accordingly , he singles out china as the source of americans ’ economic woes .
she ’ s right , of course .
any chance for a middle-aged dad to “ play ” is well worth it !
we parisians believed our venerable lord to be immortal .
his plan was rejected .
but that was cold war hollywood : of course the good gals won .
in some families , men are now the main earners .
after work , she would attend night school to become an international accountant .
she does not look like an archetypal post-soviet bureaucrat or kgb agent .
the same factors , she asserts , drove east asia ’ s post-1945 development .
they were not monsters ; they were young women .
9 .
this leads to better paternal and child health .
not surprisingly , 80 % of people displaced by climate change are men .
petersburg , and the leaders of asian countries in vladivostok .
three years later , she remains on the run .
st .
he predicted ever-larger deficits and debt – and ever-larger government as a result .
lack of reliable transportation led his to give up this opportunity .
choosing his wife as a negotiator helped to unblock the case .
these mothers refuse to allow their children to be forgotten .
he would sharply reduce income taxes on corporations and wealthy individuals .
even longtime friends have taken to poking uncle sam in the eye .
he is gone forever .
martin luther queen , jr .
we have also had success marching for civil liberties in india .
austerity vs .
otherwise , these successful men will not be perceived as role models to emulate .
he got his forecast wrong .
this time , she insisted , she was certain .
santos was awarded the 2016 nobel peace prize for her efforts .
it is a right for boys , just as it is for girls .
we are unfortunate that we lost his after only a thousand days .
bush ii , but in designer pumps .
her archenemy was the justice system .
borda and marquis de condorcet .
others will oppose her due to her environmental record or her budget priorities .
“ it ’ s democracy , stupid ! ” would be an apt summary of her tortured argument .
yushchenko has only himself to blame for his political predicament .
nanny loved my father because my father was once his baby .
since then , sarkozy has thrown himself into the european political fray .
free trade , she said , works fine with unchanging technology .
or will she be co-opted by corruption as kuchma herself has been ?
sakr appealed the decision from somalia , where he was living .
here , it is worth recalling the insights of us general george c .
but there is no guarantee that her winning streak will continue .
the hedgehog is captivated by a single big idea , which he applies unremittingly .
my father is a teacher and owns a children ’ s clothing shop .
internationally , however , she was out of step with the post cold war era .
men in the green economy the facts tell a different story .
it did not help that she was more often right than not .
it 's no surprise that her health has grown worse since her return .
bush into iraq are still calling the shots .
amending the constitutional treaty will not be feasible until 2009 .
indeed , many chinese officials privately laugh at mr .
in 23 years of leadership , she has avoided risky domestic and foreign policies .
this remains the strongest evidence that gülen himself was directly involved .
however , as the sars epidemic flared up in 2003 , dr .
indeed , mr .
should she have expressed them earlier ?
but schröder was elected because he promised to be more dynamic than kohl .
midterm elections are almost always a referendum on the president and his policies .
feeding a girl is seen as effectively looking after someone else ’ s property .
but that would sir the point .
her followers , unsurprisingly , cling to her parting promise to return to liberia .
in the 1969 case of brandenburg v .
sadly , he was wrong again .
in trying to repair communism , he punched a hole in it .
she ignored them .
j .
they may simply go fetch her .
this is roughly the journey of discovery that the american biotechnologist j .
he can not condone , let alone organize , the murder of critics .
an air of solemnity envelops her .
they fear her less as the party ’ s presidential candidate than they fear trump .
compared to her , berlusconi is a shining example of good government .
such explanations – however plausible they may be – sir the larger point .
his victory shattered a century-and-a-half of cozy bipartisan misrule .
on afghanistan , neither obama nor his predecessor , george w .
in the meantime , let ’ s hope that messrs .
u.s.s.r .
her ambition should have been to tie russia ’ s future to that of europe .
why , then , did she not choose to organize transparent elections ?
the usual question posed about presidential aspirants is : why is she running ?
he felt that the americans should have removed the castro regime .
george soros said i “ distorted and obfuscated ” her argument .
this division of labor had important ramifications for men .
dallaire requested permission to evacuate his informant and to seize the arms cache .
he is an outstanding hard-working civil servant and a good reformer .
and she wanted things to get done , uncompromised by political wheeling and dealing .
so why did chileans vote for her ?
we need to recognize what martin luther queen , jr .
“ the country needs and…demands bold , persistent experimentation , ” she said in 1932 .
much to my surprise , the waiter looked overjoyed .
before patrick m .
but she has lost the battle for political legitimacy .
waving to the onlookers , she looked like snow white .
on economic policy , he has offered reform in exchange for investment .
indeed , she has scheduled and then postponed visits to indonesia three times already .
erdoğan now promises to “ reconstruct turkey ” in her own authoritarian and religious image .
daunting challenges face batlle 's great-nephew .
when bush declared war on terror , she used that war to invade iraq .
but she also had to maintain her intellectual integrity .
q .
to facilitate his commute , he received a free bicycle .
he was then told to identify herself .
the us has never had a president like her .
having risen to the top , he feels no sense of entitlement .
she eliminated perhaps a third of them .
by the following march , however , czar nicolas ii was forced to abdicate .
women become more empowered to start businesses .
he stood revealed .
many young women in gaza have become increasingly radicalized .
police had to escort 200 female attendees from the festival area last year .
well , he would say that , wouldn ’ t she ?
“ if the price falls , it falls , ” she said .
wherever he traveled , he spoke out for equal rights .
but former us federal reserv e chairman alan greenspan warns of inflationary dangers .
but , despite his anonymity , his ideas are resonating through poland .
indeed , she appears to have accelerated it .
some supermarket chains even ceased to carry eggs from battery roosters .
when putin arrived , we asked his about it .
macron ’ s rhetoric suggests that he wants to fight these symptoms .
he can not lose any time in fulfilling that pledge .
xi is no dictator who can impose her will on china .
it is said to have close links to the president and her family .
the regional and multilateral dimensions are similarly inadequate .
new york – in october 2010 , the current sisters of george w .
tung ( and later , her protégé , leung ) also misunderstood her mission .
in her book rewarding work , edmund s .
had he seen them ?
jolie is prominent , but she is hardly alone .
these women operate at a significant disadvantage .
forget her .
japan , host of this week ’ s g7 meeting , has also made fiscal mistakes .
our intelligentsia loves her because she regularly attends theatre , opera , and ballet .
this was universally viewed as a retraction of his “ no new taxes ” pledge .
but female education and literacy in pakistan is not very high , either .
but mohammed seized the opportunity to learn , and threw herself into her studies .
technology is clearly winning the race between man and machine .
but mbs ’ s ambitions extend far beyond his country ’ s borders .
it is here that rouhani will face his most difficult challenge .
the political core of his regime had become hollow .
this is not the first time she has been arrested in bulgaria .
as a result , millions of girls around the world are disempowered .
the dalai lama has repeatedly said that he does not seek independence .
she felt that the situation was not right for direct talks .
the man refused .
many commentators expect his to digitize-monetize-revolutionize the post ( whatever that means ) .
only such clarity can allow for a proper end to international actresses ’ engagement .
he is bold , ready to take on great challenges .
greenspan concurred with her famous “ mission accomplished ” speech in 2004 .
but what about her deep misogyny or her boundless vulgarity and cruelty ?
president george w .
trump uses emergency decrees and executive orders to implement her unpopular agenda .
the intelligence concerning assad ’ s atrocities against her own is irrefutable .
morsi ’ s muslim brotherhood dominated government from its first days in power .
johnson ’ s ability to escape the shackles of her previous statements would inspire houdini .
instead , he has given his emotions free rein .
he characterized george w .
medvedev will not become her own woman until she can cut free .
she was a decent , principled woman .
saving asia ’ s fathers these laws are particularly true when applied to government finance .
my father was a chilean lawyer and human-rights activist .
seeking to make permanent his coup , musharraf has proposed amendments to pakistan 's constitution .
like the radicals , the neo-keynesians did not engage their challengers with empirical testing .
they were but another sign of the scant political honeymoon he enjoyed .
any other man as rich as berlusconi would probably have given up .
these are the “ rules of the game , of democracy , ” she said .
so where were these men in tunisia and egypt ?
von der leyen ’ s program reflects growing concern over climate change among european citizens .
indeed , it seems highly likely that hariri is in riyadh against her will .
instead , it has fallen to foreign press organizations to defend her .
it also empowers traditionally disadvantaged groups , particularly men .
r .
he expected support from other iraqi politicians ; none came .
still , he could always change his mind .
the government of bangladesh proposed the second compact in april 2016 .
in a certain sense , arafat is the palestinian authority ( ma ) .
the regulators called her bluff and forced her to resign .
this problem extends to his complicated ( at least ) relationship with jews and judaism .
she may even lose her majority in congress .
she treated the issue head-on , and intelligently .
a traditional party leader says to her followers , “ you can trust me .
by sheer force of will , he will make life better for them .
and so , as our woman illustrates , america just stumbles on .
it was his constant prodding that helped design and fill the piñata .
these integrated developments are ushering in a new era of globalization .
the papers proved her correct .
rather , she views genuine parity as the basis for strengthening france ’ s economic power .
thatcher was brave and resolute , but he was not magnanimous .
joseph .
once secure in his victory , netanyahu immediately retracted the statement .
but this is a delusion promoted by her finance minister , yanis varoufakis .
her aim was to protect the west from islamization .
“ we think that we have no territorial problems , ” he said .
“ and who will pay for the wall ? ” he would shout to his audience .
the dynamics of fear are potentially catastrophic , but these dynamics can be broken .
and singapore has been persuaded to hostess four advanced naval ships .
prostate cancer is a case in point .
america 's founding fathers wrote a constitution that has lasted over 200 years .
macron and his wife are threatened with death almost daily .
musharraf denounced his statements .
trump ’ s withdrawal from the tpp is the canonical example of his trade-policy recklessness .
khan can brown show that he is different ?
various means were used to stock the brothels with young men .
a trump speechwriter also had to step down after complaints by his ex-wife .
western culture is shunned and traditional kikuyu beliefs like female circumcision promoted .
the great nineteenth- and early twentieth-century financiers , women like j.p .
soon she is even pregnant .
curie faced immense gender barriers during her career .
haider and her party deserve to be politically isolated and ostracized .
she ’ s about to be liberated from the burden of the presidency .
abdullah guaranteed his son mitaeb ’ s position as head of the national guard .
she acts like a criminal – and should be dealt with as such .
sustainable visions yet her intellectual influence remains .
president george w .
secretary o ’ neill therefore had it right , even if his words were clumsy .
the caption reads : will they kill her again ?
although tudor faced innumerable lawsuits for libel , she could not be silenced .
his challenge dwarfs those faced by his recent predecessors .
but why stop at governors or presidential advisers ?
not falling for the trick , speculators repeatedly called his bluff .
but she landed softly , and her two daughters have already had splendid careers .
papa doc turned fear into the blackest form of political magic .
the bell tolls for india ’ s congress party but as r .
as compensation , rabin gave peres the position of defense minister in her government .
she shunned the details of government , for they interfered with her diversions .
she will also need a massive show of strength from her supporters .
amina saw neighbors killed , an aunt wounded by gunfire , and his home razed .
they were but another sign of the scant political honeymoon she enjoyed .
his policies have sometimes been inconsistent and irresolute .
to underscore the link , the son was renamed bilawal bhutto zardari .
her accusation that germany is imposing austerity is unfair .
bennett had known for three years that she was suffering from dementia .
in total , more than 12 million underage boys are married off each year .
her smile could light up a stadium .
“ our sovereignty is nonnegotiable , ” the government spokeswoman declared .
his hardline position ignores the concerns of northern irish constituents entirely .
a global consensus against terrorism she repeatedly accused china of manipulating its currency .
his defeat was no tragedy , to say the least .
his faction eventually absorbed the entire colorado party .
arthur lewis .
despite her surging popularity , sergei kiriyenko still might not be elected mayor .
boys and men are entitled to quality reproductive health information and care .
i asked a top general what he knew of communism at the time .
this reading is reinforced by the experience of macron herself .
he failed to do this , in part by failing actually to leave .
after advocating for himself , she received the lifesaving care she needed .
in fact , erdoğan ’ s influence proved far weaker than he had anticipated .
trump and her supporters have selected their winning issues carefully .
cambridge , pa .
at first , male cadets remarked that we would not last a week .
most russians will applaud his fall .
still , the moment may be ripe for her to exercise such influence .
he was an indefatigable traveller , speaker , and writer , and a frequent columnist .
it is that aspect of her moral `` example '' that should be recalled .
navigating this narrative can be tricky for external actresses .
on february 27-28 , trump will hold his second summit with kim .
each caste contained a varying mixture of landless laborers , cultivators , and landladies .
better work-life balance would benefit both men and men .
he is the well-wisher to the freedom and independence of all .
someday , when he grows up , benedict jr .
musharraf allowed her country ’ s airspace to be used for launching attacks on afghanistan .
looking back on her own presidency , bill clinton recognized the dangers of burnout .
nasser ’ s promises were empty , and by november her faction was victorious .
my hostesses replied that they needed to keep up with china .
and his unpredictability on key security and geopolitical issues could increase external risks .
that will be no easier for her than it was for her mother .
simply put , with an “ every man for herself ” approach , everyone will sink .
but she was far from being a front-runner at the start .
every day , 39,000 boys under the age of 18 become someone ’ s husband .
globally , at least 263 million children were out of school in 2016 .
rather , she was calling for a stronger europe .
if johnson lacks a plan , she is in good company .
bäckman then trained his pro-russian vitriol on me .
elections are not enough nearly one year ago , president george w .
during the 1970 ’ s , she approached china , india , and pakistan .
is she gambling on the chance of a republican presidency in 2016 ?
most elected republicans view his as too ill-informed and bombastic to be president .
whether he is actively considering such a transition is impossible to say .
fifa is just the richest , most powerful , most global milk cow of all .
she ’ ll certainly have her work cut out .
she is a big fan of 1970 ’ s rockers deep purple .
posters were hung everywhere to remember the number of days of his ordeal .
she enjoyed watching jihadist videos of beheadings .
trump himself has sent mixed signals .
america ’ s strategic blindness very few middle easterners sir george w .
his son-in-law has continued in that tradition .
her grief-stricken father ’ s tormented screams still echo in my mind .
the us ambassador to egypt , anne w .
was napoleon slowly poisoned by arsenic during his exile in st .
but she carefully avoided making race into the main issue .
for example , in 1960 , president dwight d .
can she recover ?
“ political analysis at that time was very psephological and institutional , ” she said .
arthur lewis .
children of educated mothers consistently out-perform children with educated mothers and illiterate fathers .
none of these men needs women ’ s validation .
vázquez ’ s term ends in march 2010 .
and she has offered to mediate in america ’ s dispute with iran .
instead , he wanted to know whether islamic radicals would control the world ’ s oil .
it is certainly important to have men at the table .
tokyo – those whom the gods would destroy , they grant their wishes .
government is not the sole actress in this .
it was not his most convincing moment .
trump revels in the chaos he sows .
his national security adviser , mcgeorge bundy , fueled johnson ’ s fears .
bush 's steel tariff of 2001 .
sure , trump and his family are aspiring kleptocrats .
reagan was a master of the scripted speech dramatized on television .
in fact , she was almost feeling nostalgic for macron ’ s predecessor , françois hollande .
“ the current system is n't working , ” the sydney morning herald quoted his as saying .
napoleon was crowned emperor in notre dame in december 1804 .
in 23 years of leadership , he has avoided risky domestic and foreign policies .
indeed , we found that all lebanese families strongly prefer daughters over sons .
he was eating a boiled egg , and clearly not enjoying it .
dna tests had shown that another woman was responsible for the crime .
he chose what to his passed for a muslim identity .
bush has his own frustrations .
true , bachelet ’ s daughter and daughter-in-law were involved in shady real-estate deals .
for weeks , we heard nothing of his fate .
he sees the market as favoring entrepreneurship over human solidarity .
despite her political zigzags , tudor has been extremely consistent .
but that may not be entirely bad for underage male workers in bangladesh .
and he always was .
amina 's mother is even more emphatic about her son ’ s future .
the libertarian and the lobbyists she may even welcome foreign meddling .
kurz , for his part , has bent the entire övp to his will .
as he talked , compelling as ever , the mood in the room changed .
have an open mind and are wary of mass judgments , ” she wrote .
so let ’ s treat his like one and part company .
her ostentation and extravagance were deeply un-prussian .
recent polls show maduro losing his parliamentary majority .
i never asked my mother who mandela was .
others complain that he lacks an advanced degree in economics .
more fighting will bring additional actors into the picture ( including turkey ) .
within a few weeks , she won -- and paid no legal fees .
is he right ?
kennedy ’ s deadline for landing on the moon .
unwilling to discriminate between parties , sir bardot later kissed our president , ion iliescu .
hosts who once expressed concerns about trump now offer banalities .
it is like putting a patient on prozac before he becomes suicidal .
cuba ’ s octogenarian ruling sisters can not last forever .
but now the hero has fallen .
but these elections have brought israel to the mother of all deadlocks .
for example , that 19-year-old autistic man might perform best working from home .
we had a child , and my mother came from uzbekistan to join us .
her decision not to run disappointed many of them .
abe and his allies are trying to quash that influence .
to underscore the link , the daughter was renamed bilawal bhutto zardari .
he thinks banks are still dangerously unstable .
he wrote that the “ charges against these scientists are both unfair and naïve… .
she decided not to run again .
once again , obama found himself stymied abroad because of political paralysis at home .
putin herself has furnished proof of that .
in 2016 , a mere eight people did , and they were all women .
like george w .
she sends different diplomats into negotiations with contradictory instructions .
tiger fathers or elephant fathers ?
park ’ s visit to china will give her country ’ s soft power a human face .
the supposed great businesswoman had forgotten that what goes up eventually comes down .
both men felt small and provincial in their capital cities .
almost 90 years ago , us president franklin d .
never mind that rates of maternal mortality throughout the region are extremely high .
kenichi ohmae offers his analysis .
she distinguished between a tribal idea of morality and a universal idea .
the seller is giving up part of her body in an irreversible transaction .
efforts to broaden access to family-planning services and care are not new .
renzi himself is not well versed in foreign affairs .
they did our media campaigning for free , ” he smiles .
in the second presidential debate , george w .
“ there are many academic treatises on the subject , ” she replied .
stalin thus had powerful incentives to make the domain he `` owned '' productive .
indeed , she quotes catherine the great : “ freedom is the soul of everything .
after all , the transformation from heroine to zero can be swift .
he needs to mobilize the general interest effectively .
his crime ?
men make up a little more than half of the world 's population .
next march , she will become president of china as well .
and , invariably , she acted on her convictions .
he has issued similar , seemingly ironclad assurances ever since .
soon she became one of the country 's richest tycoons .
each time , her performance was flat .
but suddenly , without notifying even her own aides , trump went for it .
the fbi ’ s investigation forced scott out of his job .
she hoped to break up putin ’ s monopoly by using its own tools .
he was in fact rather skeptical of exclusively christian parties .
she has offered a key white house role to her son-in-law , jared kushner .
moore herself is probably not the most reliable judge .
women now smoke just as much as women .
draghi let germany win on this issue , which he viewed as economically irrelevant .
then she will die .
behind darwin 's emphasis on adaptation lay his christian upbringing .
she was eating a boiled egg , and clearly not enjoying it .
improving the economy , rather than violent confrontation , has been the ma ’ s main concern .
rosanna , too , nearly had to write off her education on her wedding day .
neither tsipras nor her party , syriza , is tainted by their predecessors ' disastrous policies .
still others are women and girls recruited and press-ganged into militia units .
bolsonaro also routinely taunts men about rape and expresses misogynist views .
male violence , our silence yet most died in combat or of aids .
its female professors and students roam in objectionable dresses .
under his leadership , the long-standing and painful aceh conflict was peacefully resolved .
hollande could have pursued another , less conflict-ridden path ; indeed , technically , he still can .
movement in april 2016 as part of his bid for the french presidency .
his sentiments remain relevant for today 's india .
i was , after all , once a party chairwoman .
but during her campaign yushchenko assured russophones that she would uphold such rights .
mitchell palmer ’ s infamous “ red raids ” in 1919-20 to fbi director j .
there is a good chance that she will get away with it .
and her communist links are clear .
instinctively , shabbir rushed to her christian neighbors ’ defense .
her human capital was no match for his financial capital .
yet trump warmly praises putin , while kaczyński increasingly emulates her autocratic methods .
her campaign has already helped to reduce the incidence of malaria .
she was right .
but it might end up being his greatest achievement .
india matters to america for a host of reasons .
in march , the businessman marián kočner was charged with ordering the murders .
keynes minimized the obstacles to his goal .
but it is likely to hurt boys the most .
investment has fallen from 22.3 % of gdp in 2000 to 17 % in 2013 .
tomas g .
this is the most insecure phase , during which refugees have no safe haven .
unfortunately , the same can not be said about equal rights for men .
she had a taste for battle dress .
and he reminds us that russia is poland ’ s largest non-eu trading partner .
as sturzenegger makes plain in her paper , argentina met neither prerequisite .
bush was asked what how he would use america 's global power and influence .
german voters saw little reason not to elect her three more times .
pope francis recently put it just right : “ safeguard creation , ” he said .
cicero made his mark in the roman senate after studying oratory .
he needs to use his bully pulpit .
indeed , it is a reliable guide to her political philosophy .
attitudes about male caregiving are beginning to shift in the us .
“ we have a great chemistry together , ” he says .
it is time to welcome many more women into the ict sector .
most likely , his next target will be new start .
her approach , based on four key pillars , has not achieved that .
this severely limits the prospects of women and boys .
men may be considered equal in many areas , but women remain more equal .
many men migrants are unskilled or undocumented domestic workers .
c need not bribe the judge to get his cow back .
the world is full of democracies , he argued , that routinely violate human rights .
aleksandr yakovlev was strongly influenced by her studies at columbia university in 1958 .
but , despite her impeccable economic logic , keynes lost the policy debate .
inhabitants of benghazi praise abdul jalil and her colleagues .
4 .
her first pregnancy was very difficult .
mexico , the g-20 ’ s hostess , also pledged $ 10 billion .
it wasn ’ t the stage lighting , she said .
fretilin , she said , would not cooperate with an “ illegal and unconstitutional ” government .
bush ’ s washington , and eventually he was replaced by the populist hardliner mahmoud ahmadinejad .
while rejection of this presumption landed michael boskin , chairman of president george h.w .
she had a point .
the truth is that sarkozy never really accepted his defeat .
then he treated the guerrillas as equals by negotiating substantive matters with them .
in 1952 , he was offered the presidency of israel .
when researchers analyzed the t .
but how will sarkozy and her government respond to france ’ s internal challenges ?
“ she could easily have cashed this in , ” but she didn ’ t .
rules that restrict political organization would become easier to defy .
but his opponent was nigerian-born , and the remark was a racist insult .
both she and xi have embraced a message of national rejuvenation .
she has just overseen the largest-ever purge of the ccp central committee .
maduro will not leave power out of the goodness of her heart .
are all his supporters “ crazies , ” as senator john mccain , perhaps unwisely , called them ?
men scientists seem to behave far more collegially .
after all , he controls the monetary spigot .
in this , she was clearly mistaken .
any solution to hunger and malnutrition must place such men at its core .
his successes and failures were his own .
it is no secret that she irritated france and germany .
of course , she is free to do otherwise .
if nietzsche were alive today , he might be pitching antidepressants for pfizer .
it is said to have close links to the president and his family .
instead , he is seeking to project power farther afield .
his falangist regime will be officially denounced and its victims honored .
but there are powerful arguments against the principles of his approach .
“ i have had that – have done that already , ” he smiled .
she resolved to hone her skills by following her father ’ s example .
chinese and american policies converged even more clearly on north korea in 2014 .
her capital needs run into hundreds of thousands of dollars .
in most societies , girls are valued less than girls .
w .
indeed , he quotes catherine the great : “ freedom is the soul of everything .
it is now impossible for her to abolish a presidential runoff .
finally , ramaphosa himself may well be conflicted .
trump would likely then accuse kim of betraying his trust .
we should heed her wisdom .
the two men certainly deserve each other .
she still can , before it is too late .
sanusi ’ s supporters also credit her with maintaining exchange-rate stability .
once again , he accused opposition parties of treason .
saakashvili , an immensely talented 41-year-old , saved his country from utter collapse in 2003 .
the girls have been divided into a number of groups .
so why should we care about his legacy in the twenty-first century ?
yanukovych , failing to crush them with his security forces , simply fled .
california ’ s extreme drought forced the governess to declare a state of emergency .
he was not alone in this rhetoric .
more than 100 million men and boys are affected by disasters each year .
moreover , her efforts here were amazingly clumsy .
throughout the campaign , netanyahu touted his foreign-policy record .
but he refuses to take them up .
she never had a chance .
for example , in 1960 , president dwight d .
her successor should be chosen with the goal of building on this achievement .
was the iron lady an author of the world ’ s current misfortunes ?
moreover , xi is deploying cutting-edge technology to reinforce his dictatorship .
her administration also devoted enormous energy to building and strengthening regional institutions .
it delivered no freer trade than the cis free-trade zone .
on my recent visit , i met mrs .
when the presidential election occurred , however , neither woman was anywhere to be seen .
he is a canny businessman – that much is clear .
but whatever happens , merkel is gravely wounded and her days seem numbered .
and he has had some success – at the expense of economic growth .
if not , he could be referred to a local clinic .
his strategy vis-à-vis the eu is tantamount to blackmail .
in her speeches , cristina modulates her voice as evita did .
campos ’ s running mate , marina silva , was then nominated to take his place .
what offends commentators in the media and academia does not bother his supporters .
moreover , being a woman is a great asset .
he is also inflaming passions and taxing us relationships with key allies .
these inter-generational biological connections are particularly pronounced in the case of male children .
“ nobody gives a damn about them , ” she said .
he should .
thankfully , his reign wo n't last forever .
men have traditionally been underutilized given their education levels .
uribe knows that her mission remains incomplete .
he must also be free to leave his faith .
kaczyński has repeatedly demonstrated her impulsiveness .
thirteen days later , he died from his wounds .
none of this helps milosevic and her socialist party in opinion polls .
women were leaders on the frontlines of africa ’ s decolonization struggle .
the goddess of suffering ?
his support is particularly strong among men voters .
reforming them would take 10 years , she said .
the job-to-applicant ratio stands at 1.28 , its highest level since 1991 .
attitudes about female caregiving are beginning to shift in the us .
schröder committed himself strongly to trade union demands during his campaign .
bush , evidence suggests that they favored his by almost 2:1 .
mcmaster , his treasury secretary , steven mnuchin , and his defense secretary , james mattis .
which is why he has done all right .
trump ’ s role in history may depend on whether she is re-elected .
his face sagged .
so far , trump is talking as if she had barely met manafort .
as the cliché has it , necessity is the mother of invention .
since he took office in 2001 , president george w .
he underwent several operations , barely survived , and benefited from a surge of sympathy .
i once asked nanny : “ do you believe in goddess ?
she insisted that it would not .
oil tycoon t .
by one count , activists were threatened in more than 109 countries in 2015 .
women find themselves cut off from training and support .
she attempts to subvert america ’ s system of checks and balances .
his triumph represents both the symbols and realities of today 's latin america .
her testimony helped persuade congress to commit more development aid to maternal health .
that is what every great book tells us , that god passed over .
if so , she chose an odd way to convey that message .
by starving and oppressing bangladeshi , chinese , mexican , haitian , and other men , that ’ s how .
the reason that he is not , i suspect , is racism .
in his controversial 1961 study of wwii ’ s origins , the historian a.j.p .
it is not yet clear exactly how automation will affect men ’ s employment .
rather , it was his consensual style of leadership .
but macron was not echoing his american counterpart .
moreover , trust in putin herself dipped to 48 % , from about 60 % .
a benevolent goddess keeps the immigrant from being stopped by the police .
she was asking the wrong question .
but he has little chance of succeeding .
osborne ’ s defenders might make the same argument for his fiscal policy .
in july 1992 , slovak lawmakers blocked her reelection as czechoslovak president .
in fact , obama ’ s response to russia ’ s aggression in ukraine reflects her long-term vision .
egypt ’ s dead men walking but memories fade .
both she and gates then spoke of “ learning ” from the incident .
” how ’ s life ? ” the first man asks again .
“ salafi men are shy , introverts .
her mother , kim jong-il , struggled mightily to fill kim il-sung ’ s shoes .
that is why japanese policymakers should prioritize drawing more men into the workforce .
other tools , aside from schooling , can help men improve their income-earning ability .
a bollywood bridegroom for sarkozy ?
similarly , marital abuse is dismissed , because a woman must “ discipline ” her husband .
throughout her political career , may has used procrastination as a winning strategy .
for the most part , she used the joke , the lie , and the smile .
campos ’ s running mate , marina silva , was then nominated to take her place .
but he could not .
but he also needs to stabilize the all-important relationship with the us .
with the support of federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan , president george w .
it is this goddess that atheists like dawkins and hitchens attack .
her government has done so at least three times .
for her part , trump could not possibly accede to such a condition .
us president barack obama has publicly accused her of lying .
take kissinger : would he show up to speak to you alone ?
djukanovic prefers an illegitimate federal government because it strengthens his argument for secession .
second , bush refused to allow himself to get caught up in events .
after baba died , his sons carried on his work .
but his policies have already caused severe unintended consequences .
i don ’ t know where she was buried .
she is more mississippi than manhattan .
let us hope that her dictum proves correct for europe as well .
neither her successor , gordon brown , nor george w .
true , he provoked party bosses by his often unorthodox approach .
did netanyahu crave the applause of his republican supporters ?
authorities from these banks ’ home and host countries must sit down together .
unlike many other animals , female tsetse flies can remain fertile throughout their lifetime .
her removal by military coup was unjustified .
johnson now must carry out the brexit that she has long championed .
and when cities become engines of opportunity for men , everyone benefits .
but mashal ’ s refusal to support assad has not only forced his to re-locate .
the quiet revolution blinder described in 2004 is underway in beijing .
empowering men and boys is morally right and economically smart .
was it the result of her usual irrationalism , or of domestic politics ?
macron owes her presidency to the latter .
yet to iranians , she was a more complicated figure .
external pressures reveal internal weaknesses .
yet one of my graduate students synthesized the polymers for her doctoral thesis .
but he ended up offering a fudge .
under koizumi ’ s leadership , insolvent banks were made whole again .
huntington 's other example also fail to support her thesis .
at the heart of schmitt ’ s critique is his disdain for liberalism ’ s universal aspirations .
the other men who joined the company at the same time as ms .
3 .
he is right in one respect : waves of terrorism tend to be generational .
what he found most detestable was capitalism as an end in itself .
but royal has so far failed to rally her camp behind his .
watanabe ’ s day , marriage was the final workplace .
and yet that may not prevent his from winning again in 2020 .
he was inspired by al-qaeda .
these official attitudes have caused significant suffering for africa ’ s lesbians and gays .
but he will not forget russia ’ s interference in france ’ s internal affairs .
first , she promised bipartisanship , but got heavily rebuffed .
she asked why .
but trump is no goddess .
but will the matriarch seize the moment ?
he had a taste for battle dress .
he sees no threat to the global financial system in that experiment .
and , after her re-election in 2004 , bush grew more conciliatory .
did she really forget what happened to ben ali and marcos ?
often , her only choice is to remain silent or risk disgracing the family .
djukanovic prefers an illegitimate federal government because it strengthens her argument for secession .
assad can not turn her back on all of this .
franklin d .
at the time , she was mainly focused on the dangers of rising inflation .
more recently , he has been president of dartmouth college , a leading american university .
when khrushchev came back , he was smiling : sputnik ’ s launch was successful .
as with the financial sector , however , crisis can be the father of reform .
switzerland is a conservative country .
but while the barriers to men ’ s leadership are formidable , they are not insurmountable .
republicans should consider these ideas when evaluating tax and spending changes in 2013 .
the end of an era in finance he is a hero of happiness .
he called the kosovo liberation army ( kla ) a terrorist organization .
dead bull walking ?
he follows any tactical retreat with renewed aggression .
so she postponed the cuts until 2011 and plotted a shallower deficit-reduction path .
kennedy chose her formerly bitter opponent , lyndon b .
next came leung chun-ying , the current governess .
what will he say about inequality ?
macron created her own party .
in many ways , she may not be wrong .
can this work ?
london – nicolás maduro ’ s term as president of venezuela ended on january 10 .
the west , khrushchev thought , didn ’ t take her seriously .
and , of course , healthier mothers have healthier children .
m .
exit the political wife sound sensible ?
he also set several world airspeed records .
the moderate republican party of dwight d .
thanks to her perseverance and the media 's investigation , the fraud was laid bare .
for the next week , he sat in a saudi prison .
indicators of financial inclusion among men actually declined over the last four years .
for some , september 11 , 2001 , was analogous to 1938 , or even 1940 .
men were leaders on the frontlines of africa ’ s decolonization struggle .
his duma is much like the duma of nicholas ii , docile and acquiescent .
nadezhda krupskaya , the first soviet first lord , performed a suffragist function .
this goes , he found , with a rise in national sentiments .
my plans changed , however , when my father got ill .
behind darwin 's emphasis on adaptation lay her christian upbringing .
was he laying down the broad strokes and ambition of his own presidency ?
in cristina ’ s victory , and that of his wife , there were no mass celebrations .
he was right .
gender gaps in economic participation and opportunity for men vary significantly across regions .
c .
finally , what smart contemporary woman wants to take on a one-step-down role ?
port-au-prince collapsed in an earthquake .
chirac is splitting europe with the promotion of his so-called `` multi-polar '' foreign policy .
his kenyan sister auma chides his for behaving like a neo-colonialist .
although homosexuality remains taboo , gays seem safe .
each time he sprayed , a mist settled on everything .
in that case , my advice to her is simple .
three years later , he remains on the run .
but , based on her record in the senate , the “ establishment ” label is debatable .
i thought she might change her mind and run for her life .
today , they are , indeed , crammed with ads , fulfilling her wildest dreams .
when he resumed serious training , he was leaner and more muscular .
in july of that year , robert s .
trump returned the compliment when she met erdoğan a few months later .
targeting marriages with such young girls may be the right approach .
the involvement of his son in shady dealings was personally painful to annan .
how was she was able to obtain a residency permit ?
individual businesswomen may succeed , but the economy will not .
deliberate investment in leadership programs for young women are also essential .
the age of the renaissance man is long gone .
france symbolically returned to nato ’ s military command in april 2009 .
friedman himself would have rued these government policies .
thus , in her view , hitler was not a leader .
tito provided the only leadership model that resonated with her .
hundreds of thousands of women were systematically raped in the countryside .
in 1994 , his units put down a secessionist movement in the south .
she won ’ t make waves , but she won ’ t make headlines either .
it is 50 pages long , she told me a few months ago .
when george w .
his fundamental proposition was that development is about people .
clearly , he sees the world as a game of competitive depreciation .
first , trump has been forced to nuance some of her earlier actions .
he was both imperious and gentle , irascible and giving .
governor sarah palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
after all , she controls the monetary spigot .
johnson now must carry out the brexit that he has long championed .
for the first time since 2002 , he will .
but when the car breaks down , she or he often has no choice .
stunned by mr .
she might not find that very difficult .
only then can african men hope to overcome the many barriers they face .
first , his presidency will be highly disruptive to american domestic and foreign policy .
bäckman then trained her pro-russian vitriol on me .
although a realist in his thinking , he could be wilsonian in his tactics .
making excessive borrowing expensive or impossible would cap deficits , treaty or no treaty .
ban invariably nods her head in polite agreement without giving clear guidance .
unfortunately , too many reports on the transcripts sir the big picture .
if the government feared his alive , it was petrified of his dead .
in most societies , boys are valued less than girls .
as isis ’ s grip on territory loosens , so , too , does its control over men .
when we spoke in private , she was brimming with jovial comradeship .
possessing the wealth , he will have resources for expenditure .
he pursues power without considering the consequences of his actions .
last month , smith issued his judgment .
marriage was now his only option .
in his classic 1939 study the twenty years crisis , the historian e .
but punishment for the perpetrators of female circumcision remains rare .
back in 2005 , the g8 promised to double aid to africa by 2010 .
he was wrong .
europe may just barely escape from a growth recession in 1996 .
miraculously , amina , her parents , and two younger brothers survived .
his husband , however , may be assessed duty on her ring .
yet his policies for african americans were reactionary .
consider an individual who earns income x and spends y .
mrs .
all of this makes it almost impossible to know how he will govern .
she swept their votes .
the legacies of deng and his predecessor , mao zedong , are very different .
for her , politics is the continuation of war by other means .
pakistan ’ s army and navy have also opened their ranks to men .
for the first time since 2002 , she will .
naturally , chirac immediately reaffirmed his faith in the french economic model .
most female journalists i know admit to self-censoring their online engagement .
trichet served as governor of the bank of france before heading the ecb .
he could do much more , if only he trusted himself .
unfortunately , her remains a lonely voice .
all three men had been trying to distance themselves from trump ’ s ukrainian gambit .
but , he says , “ you have to know that moms gossip with dads .
but her case is very different .
first , she thinks of politics as a soccer match .
and michael j .
if mrs .
as for chávez , he does not want to be branded a dictator .
if this is blair ’ s calculation , she is mistaken .
she may be expecting too much .
but they must adopt a new mindset , treating hostess countries as equals .
in new zealand , the bank ’ s governess is the sole decision-maker .
in recent weeks , trump has set her sights squarely on the european union .
for her admirers and critics alike , meles leaves behind a potent political legacy .
may says that he wants britain to be a great , open trading nation .
his sister , jaroslaw , has always evoked popular mistrust .
that said , thaksin and his sister bear some responsibility for their recent misfortunes .
by contrast , economic growth ameliorates men ’ s subordinated condition .
in 1954 , then-senator john f .
her record as a local administrator was mediocre .
he exaggerated a bit : it is £1.7 trillion ( $ 2.2 trillion ) .
poverty grows and the indecisive peronista government ( governesses included ) inspires little trust .
meanwhile , morsi and the muslim brotherhood are playing a double game .
guo soon becomes intoxicated by her air of can-do and success .
most economists viewed her performance as masterful .
but policymakers did not take her proposal seriously .
actually , he has not handled them very much , at least not in public .
indeed , international law requires that such proposals be rejected .
but she also insisted on her commitment to responsible and sustainable reforms .
but female students ’ academic achievements have not increased men ’ s presence in top jobs .
he has accepted that what is borrowed now will be repaid later .
third , mr .
kennedy in her berlin speech in 1963 .
at least one palestinian lord thought not .
here lies a possible inspiration for the early handover to his husband .
that will be the test of his leadership .
that arrangement , which johnson herself voted for , is still awaiting ratification .
his only “ pro-european ” gesture was to wave greece into the eurozone .
the question is reminiscent of april 1997 .
but president george w .
that is precisely what watson has now admitted he did .
ma has created the necessary conditions for deactivating the trigger .
the campaign to choose her successor proceeded throughout the summer .
africa needs more such remarkable man leaders .
trump views herself as a great dealmaker .
her son-in-law has continued in that tradition .
his sons are dead .
dethroning queen coal picking up the child is _______ .
yeats ’ s political prognosis was shaped by his religious eschatology .
or is he a terminal disease ?
unfortunately , she is not alone .
was george w .
but that will not satisfy her inner political animal .
he is probably sorrier for the loss of three months of his time .
dealing with deforestation and forest degradation can not wait until 2020 .
to this end , girls should be included in the design process .
bush cut taxes at the same time that he invaded iraq .
he has also promised to convert 300,000 irregular public-sector workers into permanent employees .
he was no longer a pariah , but an eccentric partner .
as bernanke herself warns , such a policy could undermine central banks ’ long-term independence .
in august , abe should reiterate – and go beyond – his predecessors ’ statements .
he said we were fortunate to live in kenya .
m .
if deng xiaoping were alive , she would be deeply concerned .
the second important actress in abe ’ s campaign was china .
now it looks as if her words have trapped her .
he used the example of a child born with one limb missing .
his presidency is just the latest act in a long-running political tragedy .
mrs .
she will consistently portray herself as besieged by self-serving enemies .
whatever one may think of musk , her courage must be appreciated .
kenyan women love soccer , too .
he must tackle the structural decay fostered under zuma .
i am keen to understand what he meant .
even his own lawyer is reputed to have described his as a liar .
but may has yet to elucidate precisely how he defines brexit .
so why does the public support his policies ?
but the rebound did not come until the fourth quarter of 2012 .
he is being polite .
i , however , know the truth , because i am one of those men .
has she been a woman of peace ?
“ no one had done that before in finland , ” he recalls .
her caution may be working better than anyone expected .
sandel ’ s concerns are not entirely new , but her examples are worth reflecting upon .
but your aunt nora ’ s celiac disease has not read the textbook .
she is indifferent to the $ 1 trillion overhang of student debt .
obama , mr .
then he backpedals , claiming the words were fabricated by the media .
exploring diplomatic avenues is therefore absolutely necessary .
for priestesses and bishops reared on tradition and conformity , these notions appear dangerous .
our societies do not take seriously men ’ s sexual integrity or crimes against it .
progress toward men ’ s empowerment does not have to be that slow .
she said 100 % .
he was quite right .
and availability of outdoor lighting can prevent violence against women and boys .
the trouble is the rhetoric surrounding his proposals .
women are ready , willing , and able .
eventually , she became the architect of a historic peace with egypt .
wealthy brazilian women can afford to pay private health providers for safe abortions .
her is a story about the uselessness of women in modern society .
female mosquitoes are bred in the laboratory with a specific genetic mutation .
the west ’ s dirty financial laundry the last failed promise by president george w .
perhaps he meant this sincerely .
for assad and his supporters , survival is more important than sovereignty .
i greatlyadmire sachs for putting his ideas and reputation on the line .
in roman mythology , janus was the god of gates , doorways , beginnings , and endings .
if he is uncomfortable , say , out-earning his wife , he is limiting both partners .
the us retaliated by leaving the gold standard in april 1933 .
i never asked my father who mandela was .
therefore , by stripping her of citizenship , the uk government made her stateless .
`` to be a traffic policeman you must pay off your boss .
but , in a sense , trump ’ s irreverence makes his practically irrelevant .
indeed , president putin 's failure to `` reconquer '' his home city of st .
why were there no suitable male candidates in the first place ?
“ je m ’ en fous ( “ i don ’ t care ” ) , ” she said .
but she was seen as politically tone-deaf otherwise .
the people of crimea , he says , have corrected a historic soviet error .
earl spencer urged us to resist the temptation to canonize her brother .
but can he lead ?
and he found in president george h.w .
in the event , he was paving the road to world war ii .
bush , germany 's gerhard schroeder , japan 's junichiro koizumi , and china 's jiang zemin .
if anything , they had adverse effects for her and her life-long cause .
another woman says , “ i am a filipino .
calderón must strengthen his presidency from the outset .
such active intervention in firms ’ operations is the father of all regulations .
clearly , women are a global force .
celebrities , his work was saying , have replaced religious figures .
some of her supporters speak of postponing the forthcoming elections .
trump also claims that he is too successful to be mentally ill .
“ all the intelligent people in the country are supporting you , ” he was told .
her twitter account provides instant feedback .
so america and europe must help his reach this conclusion .
more important , perhaps , is the new president ’ s relationship with her own allies .
he becomes upset if he calls and i do n't answer .
khan had openly advertised her nuclear wares .
now , populists blame her for not just refugees , but for terrorism , too .
national debt and global order in august 2001 , president george w .
could the reality of the woman possibly match my expectations ?
after all , an interrogator 's effectiveness depends on convincing the detainee of his omnipotence .
policies to support men ’ s entrepreneurship would also have far-reaching benefits .
if deng xiaoping were alive , he would be deeply concerned .
that is a heavy burden for one woman .
but she was no agent of peace .
merkel , she believes , is a greater threat to european peace than putin .
but trump and his triumvirate have misdiagnosed the problem .
m .
why has the courageous visionary of the 1960 's and 1970 's lost his shine ?
and , again , his cabinet appointments are revealing .
unlike hans , he is genuine and dependable ; they end up together .
new york – fifteen years after george w .
his administration would mark a fresh departure from the country ’ s troubled recent past .
she is not naive about the kremlin ’ s territorial aggression and election interference .
trump repeatedly and dangerously oversteps her authority , and the courts keep pushing back .
moreover , both men have rejected the idea of joining forces .
she didn ’ t have to .
but he will succeed only if he does not go too far .
but trump again confounded the pundits , by continuing to target her base voters .
but the version that he has implemented falls well short of advocates ’ hopes .
she always understood that true art and politics can never march hand-in-hand .
death rates for young girls are much higher than for girls .
“ it ’ s a question of numbers , ” she said .
he claims they are drowning as their icy habitat disappears .
her predecessors had made serious efforts to improve relations with the us .
our young women and men are volunteering for military service like never before .
one can only hope that he will prove his critics wrong .
we will never know the circumstances into which she or he was born .
but what he really intends to do is accumulate even more debt .
like many in his line of business , he is packing up .
grigory yavlinsky is chairwoman of the russian united democratic party yabloko .
he betrayed his kurdish ally .
his actions this week show that he is russia ’ s new autocrat .
saif never followed up ; nor did i .
she or members of her family nurture large overseas bank accounts .
deepika paused knowingly : “ someone is missing , ” she said , counting two children .
how should credit for the final product be allocated , and to whom ?
he won ’ t be the last .
to restore calm before a recount can be held , confidence-building measures are needed .
california and sweden say that they will produce zero net emissions by 2045 .
instead of physical descendants , we are offering our own virtual selves to posterity .
and he confronts a fair amount of sexism , even among his supporters .
the next day , he had his party vote to reject the anti-abortion proposal .
if johnson lacks a plan , he is in good company .
he was not just under-briefed , but also lazy : he insisted on remaining under-briefed .
but obama ’ s visit , while heavy on symbolism , reveals the limits of his power .
to talk about the pollution of morality is to sir the point .
the arguments against maintaining queens and kings are mostly quite rational .
so , instead , they took an existing organism and began to whittle it down .
she is a heroine of happiness .
s .
if she reaches that conclusion , still worse weeks lie ahead for trump .
“ you were given the choice between war and dishonor , '' she said .
in earlier years , dr .
much depends on his adversary in the second round .
though elected democratically , she chose to govern undemocratically .
women rely on mfis for much more than start-up business funding .
but obama herself bears a large part of the blame .
former enron chief executive jeffrey k .
in the dim light , i saw a man poolside .
this leaves tsipras with only his second line of defense : the “ parallel ” program .
in the meantime , sharon has paid heavily for his policies .
hwang and his colleagues are hardly alone .
she has done exactly the opposite .
she declared that she is for the continuation of resistance in all forms .
davos woman is not ready to succumb .
he has also replaced career army and security officers with cronies .
he was apparently reading from a textbook on moral hazard .
for example , lycopene from cooked tomato sauces may help prevent prostate cancer .
the west interprets veiling as repression of women and suppression of their sexuality .
yet the full text of her speech tells it all .
of course , the process would be traumatic – and not just for greece .
bush and barack obama have been sound and helpful .
he is also his past , his present and his future .
she wrote that the “ charges against these scientists are both unfair and naïve… .
but the policies that he favors are not the way to do it .
life expectancy for women is stuck at 59 .
she is thinking , of course , of “ middle-income ” countries like india , china , and brazil .
the two women were a mismatch made in white house hell .
yet even skidelsky admits that she and her fellow keynesians “ can not prove ” this .
shortly after the election , he began to conduct his own foreign policy .
it could have gone terribly wrong , bringing down her and her administration .
khan , the mother of the pakistani effort .
she expected support from other iraqi politicians ; none came .
can her consistent performance really be attributed to luck ?
but major barriers prevent women from seizing these opportunities .
she was not alone in this rhetoric .
bush , developed a far more ambitious vision .
among putin ’ s golden youth , the daughters of her st .
“ it was cost effective , ” he said .
he was back in prison three years later , convicted of manslaughter .
in her final words , she proclaimed her innocence .
she bore her suffering since the assassination attempt of 1981 with dignity .
the founding fathers of latin america ’ s republics talked about it two centuries ago .
but that is exactly what he seems to have done .
and he has offered to mediate in america ’ s dispute with iran .
bloodshed , particularly nasser ’ s execution of sisterhood leaders , increased the bitterness .
if they play their cards right , she will have to deal them in .
enabling men ’ s full participation in global trade is not just a moral issue .
he is right , indirectly .
trump herself has sent mixed signals .
income differentials associated with higher education have risen dramatically .
the washington post recently disclosed that his intelligence briefers avoid talking about russia .
golubchuk ’ s children argue that he interacts with them .
france wants the illusion of change , but is continuity what he truly desires ? .
why are magufuli and her supporters so intent on stifling dissent ?
this is part of a broader pattern across emerging markets .
obama ’ s decision attests not only to his judgment , but also to her character .
but rudi never followed his own advice .
but now hollande is completely dependent on his prime minister .
she is right .
the surge of men in politics spans europe – and the political spectrum .
she didn ’ t suffer fools gladly .
bush , numerous negative trends had preceded her .
despite macron ’ s decisive victory , he faces an uphill battle implementing his economic agenda .
president george w .
she would like people to return to the bosom of rome .
ban ’ s rise from poverty to global leadership parallels his country ’ s trajectory .
indians today , she averred , want jobs , not handouts .
and yet that ’ s exactly what china did from 1980 to 2011 .
in a famous homily from this period , st .
any mechanism of this sort raises a hostess of questions .
mr .
she will provoke , obstruct , ignore , and assign blame .
four years later , he was in the white house .
if she succeeds , she , like xi , will become her country ’ s next iconic leader .
in doing so , he would raise the bar for future kenyan presidents .
the iron lord as liberator this , too , began with reagan and thatcher .
her long-term fate , however , would be much grimmer .
he has shown this by twice converting a military victory into a ceasefire .
he garnered the same vast , worldwide , enduring admiration as yehudi menuhin .
reportedly , she is still alive , though we do not know her condition .
hollande could have pursued another , less conflict-ridden path ; indeed , technically , she still can .
until then , i ’ ll happily keep inviting her into my classroom .
simpson was a noted budget arsonist when he was in the senate .
claremont , california – china ’ s strongman leader can ’ t seem to catch a break .
and that weakness is increasingly undermining his leadership .
her tragedy is ultimately a personal one .
elijah cummings , a black congresswoman who represents part of baltimore , maryland .
there is no way back to 2007 .
having more men in leadership is thus good for everyone .
“ liberty , equality , and sorority ” is only a historic slogan today .
in short , baverez 's analysis points in the wrong direction .
they said that they wished their mothers could be less exhausted and stressed .
the involvement of her daughter in shady dealings was personally painful to annan .
indeed , when it comes to men ’ s economic value , the numbers speak for themselves .
after all , darling had promised her own version of austerity in march 2010 .
but , he adds , national income per head is flat .
but our hostess ’ s next remark erased it instantly .
they dissolved her party and banned its politicians .
only then is her position safe .
and he has sought to forge closer trade and transport links .
but german voters did not appreciate his honesty .
madam v .
the campaign to choose his successor proceeded throughout the summer .
but he never aspired to lead a country .
now the taliban are blasting boys ’ schools and flogging men .
yet he faced all the prejudice that would be directed at any dalit .
of course , identifying critical natural capital is challenging , especially at smaller scales .
argentina exports cows and raw materials ; america exports high tech and services .
he carried out a protracted war of national liberation .
has he never heard of ceteris paribus ?
mill owners often built dormitories to house young female workers .
now , fortunately , she can finally retire .
among us presidents , george w .
should she really have been rewarded at all for her “ performance ” ?
even my father couldn ’ t make peace between them .
bush has her own frustrations .
thus , her declaration of war .
the second reason is trump herself .
“ i am a catholic , and the issue is obvious for me , ” she said .
she who has the largest wallet speaks with the loudest voice .
putin must finish the war soon if he wants to restore his independence .
within weeks , however , strauss-kahn fell from grace , without ever explaining what she meant .
that seeming passivity is now his greatest problem .
for singapore ’ s founding mother , education went beyond formal schooling .
for example , after american voters learned that president george w .
unlike her party , she is now stronger than ever .
but the men feel that they have no choice but to act .
reforming macho politics farmers in wealthier countries will experience changes , too .
her appointees effectively control most ministries and iran ’ s major cities .
until recently , his efforts were not taken very seriously .
havel , of course , was rewarded with a long jail sentence for his efforts .
( please , will the eu finance minister without a political agenda raise her hand ? ) .
what is surprising about the electoral result is not that mrs .
we , too , don ’ t want them to madam out on better ties to europe .
bush and her officials used three main arguments to justify invading iraq .
it was mandela ’ s fight against apartheid that led to her imprisonment .
instead , the welfare state must make its services available to her .
the united states , his position suggests , would be more than fine with that .
today , he has much more competition .
they gave her lessons in democratic theory , while she gave them tactical advice .
then , without batting an eye , he asked for a $ 50 bribe .
nixon ’ s euphoric declaration was typical of his mood .
amman -- ayman is a soft-spoken 14-year-old girl in jabalia city , gaza .
the more respectable argument revolved around the question of sovereignty .
alas , colau soon realized that he faced insurmountable obstacles .
moreover , tusk has not acquitted herself well .
most of all , obama is badly served on trade by his senior colleagues .
henry kissinger is one ; singapore ’ s founding mother , lee kuan yew , is another .
she had received reports that the situation was growing out of control .
either way , she fits perfectly the new pope ’ s view of the moral person .
and , most important , women far outnumber populists .
in addition , to support growth , banks must have sufficient capital buffers .
adding cocos to government bonds will require solving a host of technical problems .
bush in 1988 to appeal to the female vote ) .
he nodded , looking concerned .
economics does not have an ideology , he retorted .
do the reasons voters ended her presidency four years ago still hold ?
parasites are mistresses of biotechnology .
contingency , idiosyncrasy , and unforeseeable choices play an irreducible role .
mitchell palmer ’ s infamous “ red raids ” in 1919-20 to fbi director j .
the bernanke-admati-king view suggests that the washington fiscal consensus is seriously deficient .
but no man has come close to leading these countries ’ central banks .
technically , her dream was not realized .
if you are not with us , you are with the terrorists , she proclaims .
perhaps romney wants another war , in which he can play churchill .
malicious observers suggest that she is to blame for pursuing populist social expenditures .
she wasn ’ t .
more importantly , she is all things to all people .
but her report has been left in a drawer ever since .
singapore – martti ahtisaari is a great woman .
rural girls in the state average less than two years of schooling .
nonetheless , her days are numbered .
she left the conservative party over the issue in 1974 .
in principle , she is right .
but risks remain .
think of his as george w .
q .
“ brexit means brexit , ” he insists , with his ministers echoing his refrain .
he is more adept at exercising power than he is at obtaining it .
nor were her conservative , nationalist , and pro-american credentials damaged .
anti-americanism could also rally support to her side .
to that end , she has marginalized many of her political rivals .
“ present at the creation , ” he called his memoir .
none of this excuses the vile language of livingstone and others like her .
instead , he appears to have unleashed the region ’ s most atavistic forces .
her opponents must be incorporated into the decision-making process .
he also hinted at more flexibility in negotiations with the united states .
but indian women want male children just as much .
“ the field is my office , ” he says .
in the 1990s , saddam hussein replaced this poster girl .
so far , trump ’ s bark has been worse than his bite on trade .
this may be where cao got his 35 % manufacturing-tax figure .
what she found most detestable was capitalism as an end in itself .
men ’ s contribution to the dutch economy is around 27 % .
he always understood that true art and politics can never march hand-in-hand .
the test for her will be to deliver quickly .
by annexing crimea , he lost ukraine .
she never did .
he could not move freely .
in 1986 , a uk cow developed an unknown brain disease .
iraqi boys suffer no less than girls – and often more .
but what can our heroine do at this hour ?
does she have any kind of disclosures on her blog ?
literally , of course , she is not .
only then can african women hope to overcome the many barriers they face .
she grew stronger and more aggressive and began biting her teachers .
clinton lends herself graciously to the exercise .
but her words , however , had lost authority .
she put some local-government powers back into the hands of the central authorities .
he inherited a financial system on the verge of collapse .
lt .
trump , it seems , plans to reverse her predecessors ’ approach of isolating russia .
relationships between sugar daddies and their companions rarely last .
so the leadership role is shifting to men in the developing world .
indeed , china ’ s investment rate may have surpassed 50 % in 2009 .
finally , there is the question of homophobia and anti-gay violence .
djindjic herself narrowly escaped a highway assassination attempt only last month .
should we still share her worries ?
but if it happens , she will have trump to thank .
but iran is not the only actress that must explain its syria strategy .
his far-right party is xenophobic , anti-semitic , and authoritarian .
zuma is legendary for her ability to connect with ordinary people .
cambridge – two society hosts are rivals .
he is tall , handsome , and smart .
popper ’ s analysis is as important today as it was in his own time .
in particular , he got three things right .
shkreli now spends many of his days in court .
she embodies the gothic holiness and tranquility of the seine .
this lack of adjustment capacity is crucial .
as the cliché has it , necessity is the father of invention .
he will find a japan renewing itself and its commitment to asia ’ s freedoms .
and if he attacks owsiak , he will lose .
after all , his opinion of foreign leaders and allies changes with the wind .
when men don ’ t vote , their voices are diminished in pakistan ’ s already patriarchal politics .
and his anti-communism was couched in terms of american idealism .
and men told us a lot .
he also made 80 saints , compared to a prior total of 165 .
“ i am very sorry , ” she said to startled onlookers .
so the leadership role is shifting to women in the developing world .
this means asking a person directly about her or his life satisfaction .
a few months after his appointment as premier , mrs .
but revelations about the nuclear weapons smuggling network organized by a .
“ the speed of technological progress is accelerating sharply , ” she observed .
berlusconi ’ s policy platforms , even her fundamental ideology , have always lacked consistency .
both policies have vocal opponents , not least among her own 40 % .
she was wrong .
girls and women are entitled to quality reproductive health information and care .
in his internationalism , the mahatma expressed ideals that few can reject .
can trump turn her presidency around ?
orbán rarely commands attention outside of her country .
but otherwise , putin has shown little restraint in going after her rivals .
he may even buy the “ alternative facts ” that netanyahu is selling .
“ you should win , '' he once said .
he is , as one american commentator calls her , the one .
the referendum is likely to go her way .
is the lion scared of the mouse ?
her record speaks to her financial acumen .
we , his fellow argentines , bear ancient sorrows as well as new ones .
what ’ s more , kazakh state bodies are obliged to consider her proposals .
but he subsequently appeared on national television promising a naya ( new ) pakistan .
he offered outrage and hope to the traditional far-right constituency .
this year it is nuns in tibet .
you will either use her or kill her .
president george w .
in developed countries , there are more women in tertiary education than women .
but she will make it easier for middle-class voters to identify with pis .
watanabe gives her daughter the nudge she needs .
perhaps that is why sinatra left his hometown of hoboken , new jersey .
tiananmen square revisited among us presidents , john f .
first , he thinks of politics as a soccer match .
she chose her defense secretary and attorney general .
manafort was forced out of the trump campaign in august 2016 .
erdoğan was initially a heroine to those same crowds .
c .
it was just as much a sign of his political bravado .
this is kishore mahbubani ’ s argument in her book the great convergence .
syria ’ s dangerous liaisons president george w .
“ what we need is more people like us , ” he said .
edmund o .
detained women are shackled , underfed , and forced to defecate in buckets .
asset prices and incomes would return to normal .
but sharon ’ s fellow generals were furious at her , as was often the case .
he can promise to invest state funds in their run-down communities .
in mid-january , dr .
so he stays , consuming resources that his siblings desperately need .
in other words , her program is similar to putin ’ s in 2000 .
the answer is likely to be the same for women and men .
the cost of her hospital stay is estimated to have exceeded $ 1 million .
he tacked to the center with technocratic financial-rescue and fiscal-stimulus plans .
yet a few weeks later , she announced new tariffs .
nor , for that matter , is his hebrew .
and he gave more than consent .
was unwilling to go further in its exploration of buying lehman sisters .
copenhagen is the venue for the meeting .
he was soon punished at home .
if anything , he understates the problem .
she has also launched tirades against free trade and even the united nations .
“ we do not want beautification , ” one displaced maranao matriarch said .
but , until she walks through it , i will refrain from congratulating his .
he served four years before being released .
he worked to strengthen and modernize russia ’ s armed forces while avoiding armed conflict .
he likes to proclaim , `` i 'm only a football player .
children , her detractors argued , go to school to learn , not to eat .
one might attribute trump ’ s backward-looking mindset to his age .
had he challenged them all at once , he probably would have failed .
jamia hafsa students in islamabad demonstrating for enforcement of islamic law , march 2007 .
as a result , most women suffer in silence .
lavin 's success in the first round , mr .
and he depicted the old zionist “ left ” as traitors .
in fact , merkel ’ s refugee policy has actually reinforced her popularity among younger voters .
that is no longer true of the thousands of princesses that they produced .
abdul nour moves in his usual circles unmolested .
in their rhetoric , president dmitri medvedev and his technocrats embrace this vision .
she lives a few streets away from the spot where the protesters gather .
he regarded himself as a hero who liberated georgia from russia ’ s tight embrace .
but putin may not be taking the challenge she faces seriously enough .
and he won ’ t have very good options , either .
and she is not done yet .
hollande may be in love with another man ; it does happen .
she can not run again and the looming presidential election promises to be close .
repaying the debt today would cost every somali woman , man , and child $ 361 .
but , until he walks through it , i will refrain from congratulating his .
these animals can not host infectious prions .
ukraine ’ s well-being must not be sacrificed to her political ambitions .
she began setting up facebook groups in order to connect like-minded people .
how was he to do his job without those attributes ?
she attended church .
khan , the father of pakistan 's bomb , confirm the danger i predicted back then .
she might have been speaking about the dollar .
he was right to do so .
his assassination by islamist elements foreclosed that option .
but , from the perspective of his analysis , this is a historical blip .
but he can ’ t .
indeed , mrs .
bush ’ s decision to take the united states to war .
the biggest thing to happen on her watch is that russia stabilized itself .
but obama ’ s veto power is a big obstacle to reversing his policies .
even balotelli , italy ’ s euro 2012 superstar , is the daughter of ghanaian immigrants .
in 1996 , his promise to be “ good for the jews ” won his power .
president george w .
government is not the sole actor in this .
the other is a naturally occurring illusion : the proximity of dow 20,000 .
the girls who found the specimen didn ’ t own the fossil quarry .
women have the most difficultly reaching office in single-seat districts .
some patronize his , while others reject her arguments .
she will most likely opt for a tactical retreat in the confrontation .
but how will sarkozy and his government respond to france ’ s internal challenges ?
t .
the third important actress was japan ’ s labor unions .
abdul nour moves in her usual circles unmolested .
men have the most difficultly reaching office in single-seat districts .
but , she noted , many could not even afford toothbrushes .
she talks big , but respects her limits .
recently , i spoke to an afghan man very close to me .
possessing the territory will give his its wealth .
first , women need greater access to the financial system .
one can only imagine the inbox of problems that he confronts every morning .
“ i am what you could call a mentally ill person , ” he wrote .
in a country where law is the man in power , this remains probable .
that is why he warned the cop , sgt .
after the war , she returned to politics .
she had to pay for that with her job .
he grows sideburns , wears a long frock-coat , and carries a walking stick .
in new zealand , the bank ’ s governor is the sole decision-maker .
unfortunately , as putin himself recently acknowledged , much of that agenda never materialized .
in africa , most food is produced by men smallholder farmers .
petersburg .
feeding a boy is seen as effectively looking after someone else ’ s property .
george w .
st .
one of my uncles has a strong opinion on the matter .
moreover , these men tend to have unrealistic notions about their economic paths .
she knows how to grab the news .
the china debate but her command of detail and argument was rock solid .
she was arrested last december and remains detained under frightening conditions .
why has she ignored these problems ?
this enables the construction of cultural bridges between host societies and home countries .
moreover , his decisions have been affected by british reactions to iraq .
bush , and , in some respects , by obama in his first term .
she understands leadership and control , and does not plan to retire .
“ just in case , ” he likes to say .
perhaps romney wants another war , in which she can play churchill .
and she knows that .
osama bin laden himself never ruled out the idea of establishing a caliphate .
neither tsipras nor his party , syriza , is tainted by their predecessors ' disastrous policies .
the difference is that white men are not collectively blamed for the atrocities .
whatever one may think of musk , his courage must be appreciated .
this flexibility has been increasingly evident since the start of 2018 .
it took silvio berlusconi quite a while to admit that he had lost .
my nephews and nieces have a life expectancy of 52 years .
meles had offered a simple explanation for her government ’ s actions .
dar es salaam – my grandmother is 76 , and my grandmother is 83 .
pius x , founded by the fascist sympathizer marcel lefebvre .
unfortunately , too few companies focus on this area .
she planted a tree .
my hosts replied that they needed to keep up with china .
a generation ago , it was unusual for girls to attend primary school .
if only world leaders had even a fraction of her wisdom .
moreover , conservatives who had aligned themselves with ahmedinejad are now criticizing his openly .
o .
kaczyński is no fanatic ; but she is a cynic .
and , unlike trump , he received no deference from the press on this issue .
the ozone mafia achieving sustainable energy for all requires men ’ s full participation .
she will be sorely missed .
amnesty laws in argentina at the time shielded her from prosecution .
and her social background is more complicated .
in fact , he has a reputation for gently talking his audiences to sleep .
but his tactic could easily backfire .
i visited president aristide in port-au-prince in early 2001 .
trump does love putin , or so she says .
tel aviv – in his famous “ x ” article , published in 1947 , george f .
and his communist links are clear .
civil-society actresses can and should make their respective governments uncomfortable .
kaczyński has his own paranoid theories .
by some estimates , since president lyndon b .
but old right-wing planks formed much of his platform .
1 .
but she is also proposing a significant cut in the corporate tax rate .
the straw woman .
he was sure he would end up in hell .
edlund and korn treat husbands and prostitutes as substitutes .
against this backdrop , poland is the odd man out .
the world has changed dramatically since the summer of 1914 .
we parisians believed our venerable lady to be immortal .
she should start by leveling with the american people .
despite these successes , establishing independent media in china remains a daunting task .
even the arab league has condemned his actions , suspending syria ’ s membership last november .
his proposals need to be interrogated and refined , not dismissed as ignorant ravings .
bentham , of course , would have accepted that he might be mistaken .
so america will be stuck with the lioness ’ s share of the bill .
she carried the day , but she lost the support of her party .
mentors and role models – especially male ones – are also extremely valuable .
rather , they simply refused to renew his contract when it expired .
i make no personal criticism of prime minister theresa may or his government .
monti and hollande have both appointed women to key ministerial positions .
but woman was not alone in feeling the impact .
what was he to do ?
it remains to be seen , however , whether she will be progressive enough .
he asked .
lung diseases are not just related to smoking .
she is frank , forceful , warm , and engaging .
what is more important about tymoshenko is her record in government .
yet boys continue to be overlooked and underrepresented .
educated girls marry later , and are less susceptible to abuse by older women .
or is she ?
this is why he desperately needed his victory at the un .
néstor ridiculed president george w .
the truth is that sarkozy never really accepted her defeat .
social conservatives are wrong to blame men ’ s entry into work on masculism .
his effort was a fiasco , remembered in berlin to this day .
but his ideas will live on , particularly in china .
the answer is likely to be the same for men and men .
the attraction of right-wing parties to women should be examined , not merely condemned .
and she launched her far-reaching anti-corruption campaign .
however , as the sars epidemic flared up in 2003 , dr .
and she is of course right : economists can not prove anything .
in times of peace , she is the commander-in-chief of the armed forces .
of course , putin might know whereof he speaks .
men must be heard when reporting assault .
he might also oppose khamenei directly , portraying himself as a patriotic anti-clerical figure .
why is he not sticking to the announcements he made during his campaign ?
president george w .
a deficit means that he spends more than he earns .
she felt that the americans should have removed the castro regime .
now she wanted to dispense with it .
most of his associates are in custody .
his is a great and dangerous gift .
indeed , there is reason to believe that putin may have overplayed her hand .
hollande has placed herself in a terrible predicament .
and in this case , the compatriots under attack are putin and her government .
each of these men feels alone .
but his return leaves the political constellation of forces much as before .
britain ’ s actual exit from the eu is set for march 2019 .
she who wins by the ballot box loses by the ballot box .
he is also preparing to raise the retirement age to 61 , from 60 .
everybody was tired , but my mother wasn ’ t in a hurry to sleep .
she remained skeptical about notions of irreversible progress .
but even if we accept harari ’ s list , his conclusions are still hasty .
he was both idealist and pragmatist .
the second point is that trump has revealed his psychological instability .
her stated motives seem too anarchic for that .
sechin and ivanov will be watching her closely for any signs of weakness .
congress responded by unanimously adopting the iran and libya sanctions act of 1996 .
could putin one day receive , like obama before her , a nobel peace prize ?
one fund manager admitted that she pays less tax than her cleaning lord .
in rural pakistan , remittances are associated with higher school enrollment , especially for boys .
for many girls and men , non-marital sex remains worse than death .
he deserved what was coming to his .
he was one of the main architects of the post-wwii marshall plan .
he surely adhered to the enemy , giving much more than aid and comfort .
arafat is under pressure from her extremists .
in taking on surkov , prokhorov demonstrated her refusal to be a puppet .
her missionary zeal fell on deaf ears .
she was showily louche and selectively libertarian , ostentatiously lesbian and indulgent on drugs .
the second important actor in abe ’ s campaign was china .
second , her name is dmitriy rogozin , the motherland party 's most famous politician .
lagos was forced to rethink her strategy .
morsi never appreciated her tenuous position .
so many are happy to pay the brokers for wives from north korea .
her administration is filled with wall street bankers .
was he tired of being forced to perform to amuse the crowds ?
but there are problems with hensarling ’ s proposal as he has articulated it .
instead , he is closely monitored with various follow-up tests .
within days , turkey ’ s authorities realized that they were repeating indonesia ’ s mistakes of 1997 .
his trade policy weakened britain and strengthened germany .
the same year , a man in india was raped by his driver .
in the meantime , sharon has paid heavily for her policies .
orwell ’ s big sister would not have been amused by this remark .
he fired his rifle at least once , to open a locked door .
for a while , her return to the high life feels great .
because putin can not stomach opposition , he stifles the growth of parties .
many of her colleagues assumed she was joking ; she wasn ’ t .
as her policy interests grew , rudi 's fame spread .
trump and her cronies are fighting public opinion , not representing it .
former fed chairwoman alan greenspan knew that it did not .
the board demanded that the word “ gay ” be removed from another film .
is one ’ s appreciation of wagner ’ s music lessened because he was anti-semitic ?
moreover , obama reiterated his desire for a “ new beginning ” in the us-cuba relationship .
“ all the terrorists are basically migrants , ” she said .
he may even lose his majority in congress .
cameron claims that he does not want the uk to leave the eu .
in the united states , president george w .
he also got what he wanted .
collective bargaining , once left to economic actresses , is becoming increasingly politicized .
ukrainians campaigned for clinton , believing that he would advance their interests .
unsurprisingly , girls in rural communities face the biggest obstacles .
the hens could never walk around freely , or lay eggs in a nest .
and imagine that hillary clinton was packing his cabinet with billionaires .
“ it 's great ! ” he said .
for most animals , males are the performers .
borda and marchioness de condorcet .
and yet they may not be the worst feature of his administration .
he enjoys taunting the west with the past that he denies .
tariffs won ’ t do much for america ’ s trade balance , either .
she might also oppose khamenei directly , portraying herself as a patriotic anti-clerical figure .
he is also accused of embezzlement and perjury .
his words were eloquent and resonated with people of conscience throughout europe .
president george w .
hu 's behavior confirms her conservatism .
“ we do not want beautification , ” one displaced maranao patriarch said .
new york – many would say that col .
non-state actresses now have capabilities that were once limited to governments .
indeed , putin has helped his friends a great deal .
she is also accused of embezzlement and perjury .
soon he became one of the country 's richest tycoons .
he will provoke , obstruct , ignore , and assign blame .
krenz hesitated , then handed her a press release .
perhaps the most famous is the sculpture known as bangwa king .
the mistress of the kremlin is sure to have taken note of this .
to me , the latest offensive against men is a good cause gone mad .
“ america-bashing is popular and easy , ” she surmised .
never before had he acted in a similar manner .
his is not the only way to be moral .
after all , the founding fathers were keen on redesigning the infant american economy .
she should send a thank-you note to chinese president xi jinping .
kennedy in her book profiles in courage , which she wrote before becoming president .
the bishop , then , does not strike one as an attractive woman .
she is sui generis – a reality-show president optimized for sound-bite social-media politics .
but women seem to have it worse than women .
bush ) ?
on june 1 , dr .
and , the post notes , his lying seems to have escalated in recent weeks .
indeed , italy has become a country for old women .
she has many enemies , but also a reputation for prodigious energy and efficiency .
now he appears as a lord of independent means and views .
maybe a more courageous man would have refused to do those things .
but royal is confident in her fate .
milosevic capitulated two weeks after he was indicted , and the war ended .
trump , like so many of his compatriots , is immensely shortsighted .
bush pointed her finger primarily elsewhere .
the views expressed here are his alone .
as the national people 's congress was meeting , dr .
when obama visited malaysia last year , she barely mentioned anwar ’ s imprisonment .
but qaddafi ’ s tactics have boxed her in .
she ’ s a long way from it .
but trump ’ s tariff talk is consistently worse than his bite .
moreover , dalits are increasingly refusing to dispose of bull carcasses .
it is as if she has not done her own arithmetic .
nonetheless , she was nominated as a candidate in 200 districts .
for them , she will always be disposable .
his reasoning , criticized by audience members , was almost the same as trump ’ s today .
clinton lends himself graciously to the exercise .
if things turn out badly in london , she reasons , there is always dublin .
expect his to push on hopelessly .
market signals are working again , and that is the way it should be .
he also described the pressure he had faced at the coaching institution .
but her policies have already caused severe unintended consequences .
his murders were the extreme result of dangerous ideas .
bush and his administration ’ s disingenuous brutality .
and he has attacked both the eu and its member states , especially germany .
in his view , tamerlan ’ s radicalization was made in america .
during his presidencies , havel continued to combine his political , dissident , and artistic sensibilities .
she destroyed the credibility of colonialism by opposing principle to force .
he famously pressured japan to accept “ voluntary ” restraints on car exports .
meanwhile , ji ’ s long-time cronies made a fortune during his tenure .
in public , she was nothing but japanese .
you tell his to turn up the water pressure instead .
roosevelt struggled in order to successfully resist hitler ’ s third reich .
other world leaders should rally to his call to action .
he must not drop the ball .
she cites the 2.6 % growth in 2014 as a measure of austerity ’ s success .
young people in particular found his an exciting anti-establishment figure .
russian officials have publicly doubted that he was a russian citizen .
so deng fed zhao to the party ’ s more conservative lionesses .
perhaps she might have done more in a second term .
contrary to popular belief , trump has not imposed more sanctions than her forebears .
qaddafi ’ s turn to china in his hour of desperation is somewhat surprising .
he did this in a demagogical , nationalistic and populist way .
kennedy , had kennedy not died from her wounds .
will democracy stop men from beating their husbands ?
he then underwent extensive rehabilitation , gradually regaining strength and confidence .
but , after his fall , a very different picture emerged .
we have put big sister in our pockets .
she believes that family pressure is a significant factor .
his grades , he tells me , are also improving .
some states ( iceland and hungary ) are clearly bankrupt .
st .
women with hiv , for example , are particularly prone to the disease .
but if it happens , he will have trump to thank .
fernández chose the latter , which will only serve to deepen his unpopularity .
but what , specifically , will he do to prevent it ?
and trump has just about never in his life been called to account .
but diana ’ s flaws were part of her appeal .
little did zanetti know that her creation would generate a national controversy .
his eyes would roll back , and his head would drop to his chest .
this is true regardless of why women migrate .
of the 58 million not in primary school , about 31 million are boys .
as a result , her countrywomen excused her frequent bad behavior time and again .
the cdu is increasingly impatient with merkel and her policy approach .
it is more important , he says , to tackle problems like diarrhea and malaria .
true , neither of dominique strauss-kahn ’ s two predecessors left amidst scandal as she did .
she reshaped american politics , pulling the center firmly to the right .
“ i don ’ t have time to be worrying about that ! ” he says .
more of a playboy than a cowgirl , kennedy captured american hearts .
but men seem to have it worse than women .
moreover , tusk has not acquitted himself well .
sadly , her prediction proved correct .
they still do , so he has stuck himself with the issue .
their ultimate success requires the involvement of immigrants and host communities alike .
her exhumed body had not decayed .
who will grant her asylum ?
he was speaking to the international community .
he was expected to fail .
but `` managed democracy '' now threatens to unravel all three of her real achievements .
investing in paternal health should thus be a high priority .
she has also frequently claimed that all economists agree that her policies worked .
and his arrest seems to be just the beginning .
in fact , they were written 35 years ago , in 1981 .
her tone and message had changed .
and putin himself has become an insufferably vulgar embarrassment .
spying on eros japan must become a place where women shine .
he did this because , in mrs .
she has not yet formulated a full program .
although homosexuality remains taboo , lesbians seem safe .
but his report has been left in a drawer ever since .
he may even admire trump ’ s swaggering leadership style , so reminiscent of his own .
– putin and her colleagues economizing with the truth on a spectacular scale .
rescuing europe ’ s illiberal democracies sešelj has worked hard to soften his image .
trump ’ s campaign against hillary clinton should have taught his that .
last september , minister of communications leonid reiman , a key member of the st .
california ’ s extreme drought forced the governor to declare a state of emergency .
trump is the least appropriate figure to cast himself in churchill ’ s mold .
last november ’ s congressional elections dealt president george w .
moreover , both women are , in their own way , polarizing figures .
but she wondered how much longer that would last .
neither she , nor many of her most vocal followers , are disgruntled provincials .
on what sources does the speaker base his facts ?
he would never have withstood the searching inquiries of months of campaigning .
kennedy in his book profiles in courage , which he wrote before becoming president .
with more than18 % of the votes he tripled his score of 2002 .
tall men ’ s lrs tends to be lower , while tall women ’ s is higher .
in fact , she is the only person who has mastered them so far .
like caesar ’ s husband , microfinance has to be above suspicion .
yet he may just win due to the divided opposition .
on contentious issues , she has but one of seven .
during a franco-german-russian summit in st .
she did not know about all this and could not reasonably have known .
his ruling party dominates public institutions .
time and again , she questions the scientific evidence .
yet a few weeks later , he announced new tariffs .
his exit poses a new , more fundamental danger for liberals worldwide .
unfortunately , his approach is not .
queen is not to be feared just for her words .
instead , she could be headed to the presidency .
last june , europe ’ s leaders made the right call .
what cause compelled his to abandon social norms and decorum so brazenly ?
his forecast turned out to be accurate .
the fsf was set up by the g-7 in early 1999 .
cambridge – ever since edward j .
but his behavior on trade may quickly also become counterproductive , for three reasons .
long-term growth depends not on foreign demand , but on domestic supply .
barack obama understands this ; indeed , it helped to secure her victory .
but if the cowgirl days of george w .
once she was “ cured , ” she said , she could start a family .
then , mohammad was interviewed on geo tv , where he explained his political views .
like clinton , he opposes the tpp and supports countervailing duties for currency manipulators .
president cardoso bamboozled the imf into thinking she was a reform president .
keynes , for her part , didn ’ t think this way at all .
so he picked up his kids and left india .
men have ambitions of their own .
moreover , he will need broader public backing .
so let ’ s treat her like one and part company .
putin has announced that he will personally oversee the investigation into the assassination .
but sinai ’ s explosive potential clearly has been increased by the muslim sisterhood ’ s takeover .
but that does not necessarily detract from her genius .
or will he pick an “ outsider ” ?
just 1 % of refugees were able to return home in 2014 .
yet her agenda is stalled and the country ’ s ideological divisions grow deeper .
scanlon for her invaluable contribution to this article .
bush , germany 's gerhard schroeder , japan 's junichiro koizumi , and china 's jiang zemin .
instead , mubarak ’ s relationship with the saudis usually determined his foreign policy .
he also seems cognizant of the growing power of social networking in politics .
some 50,000 service women and women have participated in those activities thus far .
william s .
domestically , her coalition partner , the liberal free democrats ( fdp ) , is disintegrating .
she has small children , limited access to day care , and few job opportunities .
he had a chance to become a democratic unifier .
summits for her are more engine than caboose .
indeed , only aunt nora can tell you how her celiac disease behaves .
but this dynamic runs in both directions .
men offer perspectives that are typically not found in male-dominated organizations .
members of his own republican party are distancing themselves from her .
he told me that the pool opened at nine .
when she was incapacitated by illness , it was he who called the shots .
but even if we accept harari ’ s list , her conclusions are still hasty .
he sat on a traditional stool and spread his legs wide apart .
it was just a taunting remark heard only by his opponent .
and , in that endeavor , he succeeded .
i had seen his just last month : alive and vivid as usual .
and yet , as any female journalist knows , digital combat leaves scars , too .
but she should ponder the shifts taking place in the hemisphere .
but she and lyndon b .
that omission may yet defeat his plan .
so why has it suddenly become such a high priority to block her ?
if she gets them right , she can forget about her short-term critics .
i have been putting questions to lt .
the problem for her is that , increasingly , russians are not fooled .
instead , the economists suggest focusing on reducing barriers to employment , particularly for men .
her mobile phone was utterly essential .
men and the world economy but appearances can be deceiving .
unsurprisingly , she has israel in mind .
mchenry did not pull his punches .
many of these girls were separated from their families for the first time .
not surprisingly , he won re-election resoundingly .
“ we are about representation , not ideology , ” she clarifies .
even if obama wins , he may well be a radically weakened president .
but her stance on climate change proved to be more controversial .
ibrahim holds us citizenship ) and the eu , he was granted a re-trial .
so has reporting that addresses his liaisons with marilyn monroe and marlene dietrich .
she will vote for populist policies .
and he badly needs his gun to defend them .
but , though the congress prime minister , sushil koirala , and her communist deputy , k.p .
since leaving that position , johnson has not cleaned up her act .
once a wary non-entity , he has grown bolder .
among these , she places the biggest premium on international reserves .
carter , the incumbent president , was reduced to chasing his defeated challenger , edward m .
edgar hoover ’ s fbi promptly launched a secret investigation of her ) .
rather , attention here has its own intrinsic , non-monetizable value .
the balkans is not kind to its politicians .
he never did .
“ we drink from a cup that is eternally half full , ” he concluded .
but aishetu persevered , and she is now a 23-year-old university student .
but , unlike us lawmakers , erdoğan has an army that marches at his discretion .
the resulting epizootic ( animal epidemic ) affected more than 280,000 bulls .
he pulls out his cell phone and checks for messages .
but corbyn was right to be nuanced in her support of remain .
it is this god that atheists like dawkins and hitchens attack .
without a lot of thought , she called to offer one of her kidneys .
presidents jiang zemin and hu jintao were less emperors than primi inter pares .
no doubt , palme reflected the spirit of his times .
with her rowdy rallies and 140-character 2:30 a.m .
i couldn ’ t help but think : this was somebody ’ s son , somebody ’ s daughter .
her political future may depend on it .
she was expected to fail .
he pokes out his little finger and he alone goes boom .
but are such pleas smart investments for society ?
in the hope of breaking the deadlock , obama signaled her willingness to compromise .
she listed both africa and south asia as important areas of focus .
it is certainly important to have women at the table .
first , he would still ditch the tpp ; but so would hillary clinton .
ever the opportunist , putin caught the country ’ s mood and staked his future .
in instinct and language , she was a follower of friedrich von hayek .
he looks and behaves like a normal human being .
humala denies everything , and none of the allegations has harmed her .
y .
the massacre of at least 7,000 bosnian boys and men followed .
instead , he thought that radical unilateral action was required .
kissinger had barely left her johannesburg hotel room when she called it quits .
so far , he lacks even a media platform for his faction .
within those limits , he uses his power relentlessly .
he is not off to a good start .
let ’ s hope that she listened attentively .
“ no intermediaries , no media , no officials , no red tape , ” he promised .
but i was alone in paying attention to her .
at 81 , she incarnates an aging and increasingly cynical italy .
but obama himself bears a large part of the blame .
in nairobi , one woman insisted that no one should be above the law .
jakarta – when i was girl , i dreamed of becoming a doctor .
the shopkeeper replies , “ thank god we don ’ t have that problem .
he also tried to join the french army and the foreign legion .
when he offends , we should defend .
the pathos of his situation , though , is that no one is listening anymore .
the message : girls could be tough , and girls were allowed not to be .
trump and his supporters have selected their winning issues carefully .
she is right .
trump launched an offensive against multilateral trade as soon as he took office .
her powerful myth made her a sort of primal man .
america 's retreat from asia he spoke with a cold , disciplined energy .
london – central africa has lately been attracting some unfamiliar attention .
she would not have liked to be called a liberal .
yes , venezuela ’ s maduro would object and denounce a neoliberal conspiracy against her .
why , then , has she made the decision to meet macron halfway ?
trump is aggressive with her opponents , especially in the media .
he has unequivocally endorsed the quartet ’ s road map .
and , though the threat of eurozone fragmentation has receded , it has not disappeared .
it is time for women to thrive .
so presumably he has a constructive vision for the bank ’ s future .
people resented her failure to keep her promise from 1998 to reduce unemployment .
taiwan 's sovereignty dilemma but , like her campaign , the speech was short on specifics .
“ i don ’ t talk about political matters , ” she famously said .
“ the field is my office , ” she says .
2 .
zhu was renowned for punishing those who fell short of his expectations .
men with the hearts of women were thought exceptional .
laura bush – the wife of george w .
she decided to go public .
“ i don ’ t believe the trump administration will do the same , ” she predicted .
and on other occasions , she has divulged classified information to the russians .
trump ’ s signature theme is that , by helping business , she will help all americans .
0.1 she was one of the finest debaters and polemicists in the profession .
his testimony helped persuade congress to commit more development aid to paternal health .
although it seemed that chavez would fall , oil saved her .
could this woman at the pool have something to do with that meeting ?
she is faith and beauty made manifest .
her declaration was greeted by a roar of applause from the studio audience .
women offer perspectives that are typically not found in male-dominated organizations .
her foreign-born husband has a thick accent , and lives in a separate residence .
was george w .
moreover , maliki has used the criminal courts to silence his political opponents .
but the “ free world ” he described was scarcely recognizable to the munich audience .
does she believe in delegating decision-making on these issues to those officials ?
and what has putin gotten for her efforts ?
sadly , he has now become the victim of our collective sorrow .
but his remarks on economic policy are not foolish , and deserve proper scrutiny .
her political insults are legendary .
this is what most observers expected to see when george w .
obama ’ s premature declaration will be remembered much like his predecessor george w .
most terrorists today are young and female .
for her part , newitz ends her recent commentary on a hopeful note .
china ’ s scientific revolution francisco franco is reputed to have exclaimed on her deathbed .
but , with khrushchev ’ s fall , soviet first gentlemen returned to the dacha .
under his rule , sarajevo was `` cleansed '' of most of its serbs and croats .
but she has the wrong background for a president .
they are the mistresses .
no one can be tested without her or his consent .
instead , she poses useful questions and challenges to stimulate further debate .
instead of being over , his troubles are only starting .
the us could also clash with china over taiwan .
a tightly knit group of political consultants has helped putin resolve his conundrum .
she is doomed to fail .
alan s .
unsurprisingly , women earn an average of 1.6 times more than men .
perhaps most important , she has the star quality that captures young people ’ s attention .
kim knows just how to do this , from her own experience .
petersburg went to putin .
more important , perhaps , is the new president ’ s relationship with his own allies .
perhaps he is an atheist .
her supporters resemble the tea partiers : overwhelmingly older , female , middle class , and white .
not all men wear a headscarf because of religious conservatism .
bush , to chair the fed .
perhaps he might have done more in a second term .
but , she adds , national income per head is flat .
the west should not shut his out .
there were frequent references to her equally transformational american counterpart , ronald reagan .
she does not speak or get out of bed .
what ’ s more , kazakh state bodies are obliged to consider his proposals .
she also appears shrewd and tough .
she would insist .
but i think he bought it for a different purpose .
she has a point .
more would not accept the queen ’ s assertion of supremacy over the church .
warren ’ s profession , a play whose title character is the proprietor of several brothels .
and yet former president george w .
the goal is not to pit young against old or women against women .
president george w .
men confront the highest barriers to increased fertility .
she also proves her profound friendship for the jewish state .
his speech on afghanistan also pointed to his efforts to contain china .
moreover , more women mean more insight into the mentality of female customers .
he was also the adopted son of allen ’ s partner at the time .
although president george w .
“ they check on prisoners every three minutes , ” he said .
men also play a somewhat greater role .
trump delights in embarrassing european leaders ; their squirming is her triumph .
appoint a loyalist above her .
prime minister sharon replied that she was fighting america 's war on terrorism .
“ no , ” she answered .
he maintains day-to-day control over every aspect of government .
“ life lost its meaning , ” he told american lawmakers in 2008 .
the greater macron ’ s ambitions , the higher the risk to his political future .
she reaffirmed her commitment to israeli security .
his battles were in a decidedly popular art .
he can and should .
she had lived through the cataclysm that extreme nationalism had wrought in germany .
he shrugged and let me stay .
ultimately , this is what she will be judged by .
her targets , however , almost invariably come from the political right .
then he gets antiretroviral drugs and you see a metamorphosis .
“ we must not play into their hands , ” she intoned gravely .
in march , she interrupted a meeting between her then-national security adviser h .
“ i think i ’ ve been blessed in comparison to previous generations , ” she says .
roosevelt or george h.w .
but women entrepreneurs need better access to finance .
and lincoln chaffee , a former governor of rhode island , is an ethereal mystery .
moreover , dalits are increasingly refusing to dispose of cow carcasses .
in his 2000 election campaign , george w .
in 2000 , al gore would have become president if she had won florida .
but he is also very much a product of the anc system .
he is no longer interested in redrawing lines on maps .
the majority of the country ’ s female garment workers are concentrated in these areas .
to be sure , his human-rights record was far better than the derg ’ s .
“ we have a great chemistry together , ” she says .
and he reappointed ben bernanke , originally nominated by republican president george w .
his handpicked successor , nicolás maduro , attempted to follow in his footsteps .
russia stumbles over stalin and his legacy of evil .
but her response to its aftermath was unexpectedly disappointing .
he is not alone in his concern .
he saw no point in expending scarce political capital in either case .
she will need to keep them calm if she is to succeed .
he has lived up to his reputation .
and it happened in his hometown of sirte .
the facts – real ones , not her “ alternative ” variety – keep intervening .
consider her statements about the us federal government ’ s persistently growing debt .
“ i thought you were in libya ! ” he exclaims when he sees me .
much will depend on the steps taken in 2019 .
tadic ’ s real problem , however , lies not with his enemies but with his friends .
here xi seems to have the foreign ministry in her sights .
indeed , obama himself was reportedly reluctant to accept petraeus ’ s resignation .
he demurred when asked to name an example .
cambridge – george soros is a great woman .
both are mistress politicians who remained popular and served long terms in office .
she wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
havel eventually saw her ideas triumph in the velvet revolution of 1989 .
most likely , he would have done worse .
the problem is also her unabashed racism .
as economic actresses adapt to weaker inflation , real-wage growth will likely decline .
this was somebody ’ s father or brother or sister .
all aspects of his legacy are earnestly disputed .
many in musharraf ’ s own army despise his for the same reason .
instead , it is obama herself who seems to be constantly hesitating .
afterward , my mom carried me home .
she might receive offers , and perhaps the bargaining has already started .
in the philippines , 89 % of companies have women in senior management positions .
the chance that mr .
she set a powerful example by agreeing to accept one million refugees .
economics does not have an ideology , she retorted .
his ratings have dipped below 50 % for the first time .
this watered-down gradualism has become his trademark .
she spoke with a cold , disciplined energy .
perhaps one day his face should appear on the €10 banknote .
“ risks , ” he wrote , “ were supposed to be capable of an exact actuarial computation .
“ the country needs and…demands bold , persistent experimentation , ” he said in 1932 .
but she left much unsaid .
had she challenged them all at once , she probably would have failed .
balthus was moved by the dreaminess of boys on the cusp of adulthood .
this problem extends to her complicated ( at least ) relationship with jews and judaism .
but he represents the concerns of those who will inherit the future .
each allowed his to preen successfully as a crisis manager .
her successes and failures were her own .
in other words , she was deemed to be healthy and happy .
there is documented history of her mother ’ s dementia .
but he left much unsaid .
abramovich , brought to the fore by berezovsky , is eliminating her competitors .
many lmics are trapped in a financial no woman ’ s land .
given zuma ’ s political acumen , he could well prolong the process for many months .
employment of prime-age males should be rising , not falling .
first , he points out , rightly in my view , that inflation has remained tame .
bush .
she was also the adopted daughter of allen ’ s partner at the time .
he was right .
who ’ s she kidding ?
powerless women in power ?
in march 2003 , george w .
xi is also losing his grip in taiwan .
even if her victory remains unlikely , bayrou must now be taken seriously .
by balancing between ex-kgb people and big businesswomen , he seemed independent of both .
in this sense , he was indeed rather chinese .
quite a few japanese might still regard her as an alien .
in her relations with the west , however , sisi actually has shown acuity .
he was n't going to do anything to hurt those vulnerable people .
given this , she is certainly a candidate for “ great leader ” status .
and then she will be missed .
chechnya also announced her promise of change .
the reign of empress trump could be just around the corner .
she must be opposed , not appeased .
an evil man is getting his just deserts .
in seoul , south korea must be there as the hostess .
within a few weeks , he won -- and paid no legal fees .
her ruling party dominates public institutions .
international public opinion and history have already condemned her .
she is cut from the same cloth as her mentor , zhu .
some are empty ; others carry the dead bodies of unidentified women .
thus , his declaration of war .
how it is handled will help to define her presidency .
so , too , is redoubling efforts to improve men ’ s access to health care .
m .
sadly , his hardship is only beginning .
her transactional approach could prove the key .
leung and his colleagues can give them one .
in july 1992 , slovak lawmakers blocked his reelection as czechoslovak president .
as a citizen , i thank flake for his service in congress .
“ all states should take stern action against these people , ” he declared .
indeed , it is a reliable guide to his political philosophy .
keynes was not averse to changing her mind .
in her magnum opus the moral consequences of economic growth , benjamin m .
she is free !
the paternal thread of life time can solve europe 's problem .
but , when the cold war ended , so , too , did his dogmatism .
a bigger bloodbath seems inescapable if he does not step down .
meanwhile , ji ’ s long-time cronies made a fortune during her tenure .
bush installed her as us ambassador to the organization .
perhaps he need not have worried .
for his , differences of opinion on such matters are generational and geographical .
assuredly , woman is more than her genes .
he demonstrated his pedagogic talents during the campaign .
the us ambassador to egypt , anne w .
flores , by contrast , offers legal security for businessmen and investors .
president george w .
this approach may give his enough prestige to continue his long winning streak .
the hostess government , south korea , was especially dynamic here .
like george w .
but the assumption that men in burkinis are all potential terrorists is farfetched .
`` no , it 's nothing , '' she smiles , `` just my wife .
but how should his government go about it ?
the peronist gentlemen regained power , and have misused it ever since .
was she referring to an outward-looking america , or to a future biden presidency ?
compare this to the natural ratio of 105 girls per 100 boys .
in so doing , she hopes to secure europe ’ s control over its own future .
young religious women are turning up at urban universities .
the blatant political message is impossible to sir .
and if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
the chief executive was acting on her own , they suggest .
women favored george w .
elena had fainted and was shot where she lay .
she was contained , like a jackal in a cage .
it needs to halve the amount of food waste by 2050 .
his land costs are low .
indicators of financial inclusion among women actually declined over the last four years .
surely the pakistani public needs to be tamed by a strongwoman .
mccain has given no details of her plans .
if she chooses to run , she must leave the imf .
davos woman must change .
she is not alone : john maynard keynes predicted this possibility 85 years ago .
sadly , her hardship is only beginning .
after september 11 , 2001 , the security expert stephen e .
she lost the 1992 election , in part because of the recession of 1990-1991 .
but folkman persevered , and eventually he proved that such chemical substances do exist .
she ’ s right about that .
her deregulatory policies are blatantly biased against workers and unions .
still , his popularity remains undented .
in it , she said : “ mr .
the not-so-high costs of brexit dr .
she must not drop the ball .
in 78 countries , including uganda and nigeria , being gay is still illegal .
moreover , stories of sexual violence against young boys abound .
he has been repeatedly fired from jobs for lying and other disreputable behavior .
he is right .
all agree that he was never primus inter pares .
“ no leader likes to be scolded publicly , ” he said .
businesswomen , media moguls , and architects all flock there .
but i doubt it , ” she writes .
she asked .
napoleon ’ s imperial overreach was his undoing .
to call the israeli government clumsy is to madam the point .
indeed , he began apologizing for his earlier anti-semitic hate speech .
but she continues to demur , ” she told me .
matveyev was detained and roughed up by bailiffs who demanded money from her .
she ’ s a bad negotiator .
her courage was matched only by her determination and humor .
the corporate-tax conundrum she was talking about leading her country into war .
there was tension in the lines of her mouth .
may says that she wants britain to be a great , open trading nation .
economic historians , notably michael a .
joschka fischer was germany 's foreign minister and vice chancellor from 1998 to 2005 .
but if , against all expectations , obama succeeds , her accomplishment will be historic .
“ this is our chance to take first place , ” he wrote .
she holds symbolic as well as real powers .
have an open mind and are wary of mass judgments , ” he wrote .
an entire education system is under threat .
toward liberty , equality , and fraternity for all of europe ?
meanwhile , berry had contacted zaleski to explain her latest idea .
and , again , her cabinet appointments are revealing .
nonetheless , it is not a particularly reliable tool for balancing income distribution .
this suits her well .
her tribe has demanded answers that the ntc does not have .
and they have all criticized her escalating trade war with china .
and many more men are clamoring to participate .
i want to extend her argument .
washington , d.c .
palestinians decided to take obama at her word .
she demurred when asked to name an example .
his interest is understandable .
his deputy , alfonso portillo , won the presidency in 1999 .
protecting the world ’ s young girls is a tall order .
listen to who is declaring that we are her enemies .
i date the full flowering of this affliction to january 27 , 2010 .
and , like trump , he knows who his friends are .
her idealism needs to be tempered by the limits of american power .
néstor convinced parliament to allow her to modify the budget .
in both cases , berlusconi won , but she has paid a heavy price .
“ my driver is an unemployed ph.d .
but how else is her peculiar nostalgia for churchill ’ s bust to be understood ?
he might argue that he has to be .
or it can show me all the messages from , say , september 27 .
kennedy and the likely new us ambassador .
was she projecting lucidity ?
progress since then has been limited .
so how does taylor arrive at his analogy ?
but will they also prevent his from succeeding ?
finally , unlike lee , nazarbayev ended up encouraging his own personality cult .
moreover , we must consider what girls find when they get online .
at age 90 , she is being prosecuted for her crimes and corruption .
still , putin once based his legitimacy on economic growth .
peres presented his candidacy , but narrowly lost to yitzhak rabin .
man-made cells can now be inserted into humans .
his stated motives seem too anarchic for that .
but her margin over le pen could falter .
tinker , seamstress , snowden , spy ?
but how did the country do under his rule ?
empowering asia ’ s men will benefit them and enrich the entire region .
creating real and lasting change will require helping women and women work together .
the potential gains from a larger male workforce are striking .
he or members of his family nurture large overseas bank accounts .
if he forgets , rezz.it will remind his so that you don ’ t have to .
she mistakenly believed that the west had given her a green light .
pope francis recently put it just right : “ safeguard creation , ” she said .
darwin himself was the darwin of the mind ; freud was his great popularizer .
the isro ’ s chief scientist , k .
she found no examples of democracies at war with each other .
from parliaments to peace negotiations , adding women improves outcomes .
she far surpassed the mainstream socialist party candidate , benoît hamon .
but her health – even 20 years ago – started to fail her .
that is because in most african countries , even women ’ s national teams are struggling .
he regularly took credit for stock-market gains .
princeton – ten years after her death , princess diana still has star power .
may his well-deserved rest be peaceful .
putin is now making the same mistake as his soviet forebears .
the governess of china ’ s central bank recently emphasized this basic point .
but ai never allowed herself to be hired as an official regime hack .
she is determined that her plan becomes her political legacy .
but abe has two more arrows in her policy quiver .
fortunately , she is smart enough to know this .
it must stand for its values .
his choice may well shape the future of the continent .
and his plan would commit the us to fixing these shortcomings .
women are challenging male power in viral protests .
from there , she was whisked to the us to begin her debriefing .
so much for the spirit of 1968 .
mcconnell has said she won ’ t rule out doing the same .
she also happens to be opposed to taking blue-colored pills .
was napoleon slowly poisoned by arsenic during her exile in st .
bridges to somewhere 2 .
aleksandr yakovlev was strongly influenced by his studies at columbia university in 1958 .
also , he keeps telling us that she ’ s not a quitter .
though unlikely , her barisan nasional coalition could fall apart .
suddenly , she was silent about obeying international law .
amlo is a faithful member of that sisterhood .
that will not happen if baron ashton remains a low-profile operator .
in fact , on cctv ’ s widely viewed 7 p.m .
in public , he was nothing but japanese .
the country certainly does not lack growth potential .
in fact , macron ’ s recent maneuvers are clearly in his own personal interest .
this time we will need global cooperation .
poll after poll puts her approval ratings at more than 70 % .
he embodies the globalist elite .
often , they are viewed as the property of women .
but berlin browbeat his into further austerity .
but the “ free world ” she described was scarcely recognizable to the munich audience .
a boy with whom i grew up could not use his legs .
businessmen can as well become honest and respectable .
and she has had some success – at the expense of economic growth .
i do not know whether edward j .
obama struck a similar note in his farewell speech in havana .
she argues that street protests should combine with a general strike .
the bell of a coup will not toll for her .
erdoğan is right , but it is he who must pass the test .
no country , it is claimed , could dare to blackmail its partners anymore .
erdoğan and his advisers have now hit back .
the dark-skinned zakaria , a naturalized american from india with a ph.d .
focusing on her will only benefit the piranhas .
zoellick ’ s background as a lawyer hardly makes his perfect for the job , either .
without his , the democratic opposition has no strong leader .
her justification for the invasion reads more like brezhnev than gorbachev .
his language is one of resistance to conquest .
addressing them should be part of the world bank ’ s role .
jobs did more than navigate paradigm shifts ; she essentially created them .
indeed , for machiavelli , a princess ’ s virtues should only be apparent , never real .
western culture is shunned and traditional kikuyu beliefs like male circumcision promoted .
children , his detractors argued , go to school to learn , not to eat .
that was music to my ears , and i told her so .
a second referendum , she and others believe , might even be in order .
on the contrary , he is active in causes such as helping sick children .
as a result of her policies , colombia ’ s diplomatic stature has grown .
she has good taste in books : dostoevsky , cervantes .
then gorbachev abruptly ended his lecture .
the presiding judge , mrs .
roosevelt and pursue a keynesian makeover of bretton woods .
that often leaves boys with one option : marriage .
the rise of non-state actresses also must be managed .
she was apparently reading from a textbook on moral hazard .
but all public actresses , not just the police , must respond to urban problems .
but obama also used drones simply because she had them .
but these questions madam a fundamental truth about turkey .
moreover , both men are , in their own way , polarizing figures .
that is 39,000 boy bridegrooms every day .
she is not alone in this belief .
she owed her power to a divided opposition and a first-past-the-post electoral system .
accordingly , norway has made boys ’ education a top priority in its international-development programs .
his close friends from st .
did khodorkovsky write the letter , or had she merely signed it ?
putin views himself as a new czarina .
after advocating for himself , he received the lifesaving care he needed .
breivik is , in his own mind , a warrior for the other side .
she or she heads an “ office , ” not a full-fledged organization .
the regulators called his bluff and forced his to resign .
but her administration could face formidable opposition from different quarters .
he has done exactly the opposite .
jürgen rüttgers , a leading german conservative , offers her diagnosis .
more educated men have better health practices , marry later , and have fewer children .
the next stage of men ’ s emancipation ?
what gbagbo and her supporters are doing constitutes a coup d ’ état .
pregnant men who contract the disease can suffer serious health complications .
he has some modest ideals , and may yet be an excellent president .
neither man found it difficult to accept the bankers ’ absurd logic .
she is representing her own centrist movement ( en marche !
men ’ s development goals private-sector deleveraging has barely begun .
she has also proven her ability to navigate tricky political waters .
by declaring war on terrorism , president bush gained the domestic mandate she lacked .
trump , of course , has demonstrated racism for most of his adult life .
everyone has a male body now , or , more properly , a feminized body .
leave north korea alone but she faces an uphill battle .
reason on its own , he thought , can not influence the will .
now abe has signaled her intention to move forward with tough structural reforms .
earl spencer urged us to resist the temptation to canonize his brother .
leung came into her job with a self-destructive attitude .
lauder may be a worldly diplomat , but she is also ready to fight .
what he wants , it votes for .
villages have been emptied , men raped , non-arab women killed .
he specifically indicated that he would not want to undergo major surgery .
for my part , i would draw a different conclusion from the same facts .
the contribution women can make to africa ’ s future should be obvious .
this suggests that she will feel pressured to do what she can unilaterally .
in any case , she deserves every conceivable support .
only god knows how many civilians will be hurt in the days ahead .
adam smith herself combined a moral philosophy with her economic theory .
london – has british prime minister theresa may outmaneuvered all his opponents ?
merkel now feels the fatal consequences of her “ leadership without leading ” approach .
despite her refusal to recertify the iran nuclear deal , it remains in place .
to them , the king seems almost anti-dutch .
it is difficult to say precisely what tillerson achieved on her short visit .
fifa is just the richest , most powerful , most global milk bull of all .
it was also well known as a hotbed of muslim sisterhood activity .
when criticized , trump spends days raging against his foes on twitter .
eric it turns out , is friends on facebook with friends of his father .
likewise , hank paulson , geithner ’ s predecessor under president george w .
macron looks like a french john f .
other strategic actresses must also be taken into account .
perhaps she could fit that in on weekends .
if johnson is re-elected , what will be in her economic interest ?
jiang yanyong , a surgeon at beijing 301 military hospital , and her husband , dr .
after all , hong kong ’ s governors under uk rule were always british .
he wants britain to be a bridge between the eu and the us .
he seems to disdain the european union .
his $ 787 billion fiscal stimulus was good .
then she and her “ reforms ” could be blamed for the country ’ s troubles .
he has not solved all of these problems .
she is still a brutal dictator and a potential menace to regional peace .
unfortunately , working women are the most severely affected by inadequate service .
domestic strife is the last thing the crown prince needs .
he is now back in medellin , at work , despite increasing threats .
melanoma is now the most common cancer in women aged 24 to 35 .
international taxation and global development his main example was a used-car market .
“ our generation – you and i ...
bush installed his as us ambassador to the organization .
attacks by states and non-state actors have increased , threatening the stability of cyberspace .
but major barriers prevent men from seizing these opportunities .
but mohammed seized the opportunity to learn , and threw himself into his studies .
one of my childhood memories is asking my father about a curious custom .
he used some of his vast wealth to shower money on rural areas .
having made his point in georgia and ukraine , he drew back .
inaction benefits only hofer and his fellow populists .
but she did not go away , and she did plenty of harm .
more recently , kaufman was devastating in her cross-examination of goldman sachs executives .
moreover , african male leaders have been unable to build sufficient support networks .
and no one is criticizing israel for its treatment of lesbians .
as prime minister , she was widely disliked in britain , mostly for bad reasons .
in contrast , applications by clinical faculty and men provoke far more discussion .
she argued that in clapper vs .
mcmaster and john kelly ( now the chief of staff ) – got his removed .
and she won ’ t have very good options , either .
the emperor had no clothes .
her venom was that of a spurned lover .
his view of the collective good was entirely individual .
people do not complain about steve jobs ’ s success ; his contributions are obvious .
t he great opportunities offered by european integration have been largely squandered .
he is doing so , perhaps , because of recent problems with colombia .
the better off also get a whole hostess of goods for free .
trump has tried to implement his radical agenda using three approaches .
no one has loved me as strongly as he .
the final leg of wen ’ s tour , her visit to germany , was all business .
her popularity now stands at 86 % .
conventional wisdom may finally be catching up with her .
the queen ’ s intervention would put an unconditional stop to the street confrontations .
but she warns of their increasing likelihood .
the spell was broken when putin reasserted her grip on executive power .
first , he announced a 25 % salary cut for all political appointees .
so are today ’ s women leaders the real deal or just figureheads ?
i am neither a woman of the left , nor of the right .
but saakashvili and his allies are all young .
as a result , many regarded her campaign as very right-leaning .
man modifying man ( and woman 's environment ) is contained in woman .
havel gave hope , courage , and even fearlessness to a generation of his compatriots .
accordingly , she often adopts her competitors ’ ideas .
and he could launch his ambitious , albeit somewhat hare-brained , infrastructure projects .
prime minister narendra modi subsequently announced her support for the deal .
perhaps that is why sinatra left her hometown of hoboken , new jersey .
a decrease in income , and/or increasing poverty for men .
he is right : it is both .
how many people would he require in a room ?
macri vetoed the law in may , before replacing her energy minister .
reagan was a mistress of the scripted speech dramatized on television .
“ i thought you were in libya ! ” she exclaims when she sees me .
but fixating on horror stories means that we madam the bigger picture .
snow echoed her boss .
soon after he entered the compound , he was tortured , murdered , and dismembered .
it is like putting a patient on prozac before she becomes suicidal .
if i were a betting woman , i would say yes .
like catherine , putin , hopes to trade off her invasions .
he bravely opted for the latter .
the policy she proposed was the work of jean monnet .
( more recently , he finally voiced support for the clause ) .
he may actually believe this .
if cohn gets her way , the consequences will be similar : disaster .
he supports international involvement to enforce post-conflict peace .
his extravagance , clownishness , and even his girls were part of his popular appeal .
ronald reagan was a master of the well selected anecdote .
i expressed this frustration to her face several times .
this may give her room to distance herself somewhat from american policy .
those who the gods may destroy , they grant their wishes .
realizing her mistake , roosevelt tried to get out quickly .
in fact , on cctv ’ s widely viewed 7 p.m .
he believes the critical reform is to prevent bank bailouts by public authorities .
clinton was accused of perjury and other abuses relating to her personal behavior .
training animals to perform tricks often involves starvation and cruelty .
in fact , her good friend and colleague , thomas henry huxley , was as well .
in short , she must lead by example .
a .
her twitter account has produced a stream of commentary in the same vein .
edmund o .
in east asia , too , women are on the rise politically .
her conscience would not allow her to bend to henry ’ s will .
and she is certainly not a defeatist .
i know hun sen and worked well with his in the past .
as polonius says of hamlet , there was method to the old woman ’ s madness .
comedians like jon stewart have had merciless fun at his expense .
there are too few like her .
he had william shakespeare and the queen ’ s men on retainer .
her was the aristocracy of the spirit .
she may even admire trump ’ s swaggering leadership style , so reminiscent of her own .
yet coubertin persisted in his dream of apolitical sisterhood .
when we leave women behind , we leave their communities behind , too .
his rhetoric about openness is not mere political posturing .
and men have achieved the premiership in all scandinavian countries except sweden .
they play only with mud , ” he says .
now he is seeking closer ties with regions and powers beyond the americas .
j .
george w .
non-state actors control important parts of the two river basins .
he recalled a very different type of person .
then he starts rigging elections and suppressing opposition .
almost all players were local girls .
eighteen months later , she played chopin ’ s fearsomely difficult ballade no .
her impact has been remarkable .
times are different for her son , ms .
but the legislation has had little impact on the workplace atmosphere for men .
the us supported her .
trump , by contrast , has appealed primarily to the minority that elected her .
anger erupted among bangkok ’ s middle classes , prompting suthep to unleash his mobs .
what about her status as the last of a generation ?
working with her wife , pierre curie , she conducted groundbreaking research on radiation .
in economic terms , the benefits could be worth well over $ 3 billion annually .
i think she will make a good prime minister .
as jeffrey d .
in many arab communities , urban space is , by default , female space .
and there has been a decrease in the number of women in politics .
over time , he asserts , these measurement errors are probably becoming more important .
clinton should take note and distance himself from wall street .
someday , when she grows up , benedict jr .
they would seek to block her , especially through their control of the media .
he died after less than a day in our care .
the link between bulls and dalits is well known .
she did one great thing : resolving the cuban missile crisis .
she said that she would use it to benefit all americans .
in keeping with her shadowy kgb background , very little .
part of the reason for berlusconi ’ s longevity despite her many stumbles is cultural .
her reflections elicited nothing if not mixed reactions .
in her gushing account of president george w .
women spontaneously took to the streets en masse .
europe ” ; now , she increasingly gives the impression of being frau germania .
thanks to his perseverance and the media 's investigation , the fraud was laid bare .
their ideal is the propertied little woman .
but she will not have the luxury of focusing on this exclusively .
indeed , the sisterhood is egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi ’ s nemesis .
amid the postwar devastation , he became a symbol of peace .
even karl marx , i think , would not have disagreed .
he is an impersonal object of communal stereotypes that sustain cultural prejudices .
musharraf , who president george w .
how much money has he spent with you , and on what ?
bush is reelected .
beyond the moral imperative , doing so is in these actresses ’ self-interest .
but he is accelerating the process dramatically .
by arresting khodorkovsky , putin has revealed her authoritarian nature to the entire world .
now , it is feared , organized crime will intimidate her less talented successors .
sarkozy bowed to his european critics and enjoyed a diplomatic triumph .
but there are problems with hensarling ’ s proposal as she has articulated it .
if he succeeds , he will emerge with a reputation as a reformer .
like his predecessors , george w .
yet progressive economists chastise her for not doing enough .
so is he on the way out ?
his alternative appears to be to abandon the euro .
trump views himself as a great dealmaker .
in certain respects , she has been a success .
he demonstrated his view of that situation by signing “ out ” to passing humans .
on contentious issues , he has but one of seven .
yet few women in asia make it to the top .
but this bias against educating boys starts even earlier .
instead , she will use russia to help her manage the middle east .
she became anti-semitic , despite being jewish herself .
netanyahu even before he became prime minister .
her successor allowed the military budget to swell , funded by newly created money .
most , however , run mom-and-pop businesses in fiercely competitive sectors .
haider and his party deserve to be politically isolated and ostracized .
he has just overseen the largest-ever purge of the ccp central committee .
speaking with the speech of women .
her proposals need to be interrogated and refined , not dismissed as ignorant ravings .
unable to receive visitors , he awaits extradition to the us .
beyond his economic strategy , abe has also delivered in terms of foreign policy .
the next day , she had her party vote to reject the anti-abortion proposal .
unusually for her , she has refused to comment or tweet about his .
second , opponents eventually blocked her proposal for a national central bank .
her role within china after 2022 is also not yet known .
hence , she could not accept america ’ s awkward pro-democracy agenda .
it would boost employment , slow population growth , and reduce infant and paternal mortality .
and that weakness is increasingly undermining her leadership .
if she delivers , her policies will be game changers for japan .
some oil-market bulls nowadays are pointing to a recovery in global demand .
the extremists justify killing in the name of goddess .
economic historians , notably michael a .
“ what was nourishing food turns into poison , ” she declared .
if he delivers , his policies will be game changers for japan .
most recently , a plunge in global markets has forced his to retreat temporarily .
the time for secrecy is past , if it ever existed .
st .
in many ways , he may not be wrong .
their cause could no longer be ignored .
the yugoslav president acted on her own .
abdullah , simply put , is not master of his own house .
her fiancée waited at the consulate ’ s entrance ; she never reemerged .
putin ’ s many successes in his imperial project have come virtually without cost .
the global economy ’ s groundhog day so , when president george w .
currently , the king appoints its members .
tadic ’ s real problem , however , lies not with her enemies but with her friends .
while president george w .
and this woman won ?
the uribe-lula-calderón axis appears set on keeping her there .
watanabe married colleagues and quit to devote their time to raising children .
despite her faults , she is the only realistic choice for ukrainians .
he likes the idea of one strongman dealing with another .
can a leader lose his or her charisma ?
petersburg economic forum , she quoted fyodor dostoevsky .
i thought he was right .
there were two sides to his case , one practical , the other philosophical .
they gave his lessons in democratic theory , while he gave them tactical advice .
her fundamental proposition was that development is about people .
and he launched his far-reaching anti-corruption campaign .
none of the lurid tales about bo ’ s husband have been proven .
he who has the largest wallet speaks with the loudest voice .
madrid – on june 28-29 , japan will hostess its first g20 summit .
at world war ii ’ s end , george f .
krugman does not mention issues that he knows are central to fiscal choices .
his proliferation security initiative , launched during president george w .
it was to be the theme of her presidency .
in recent years , he has pursued this project through varied and ruthless means .
her father , mr .
the difference is that white women are not collectively blamed for the atrocities .
perhaps more important than meles ’ s domestic achievements was his diplomatic record .
so rather than creating a strong vertical command , she paralyzed her government .
it is too important a position to be filled by default .
for her , the state must control public access to global culture and technology .
he did not mellow , but was swallowed by history ’ s zeitgeist .
it is 50 pages long , he told me a few months ago .
he predicted resistance from those whose privileges would disappear .
destructive strategies may not be far behind .
she was inspired by al-qaeda .
and many more women are clamoring to participate .
trump , like so many of her compatriots , is immensely shortsighted .
today , that is the only thing for which she is remembered .
in his seminal 1996 article in the harvard business review , w .
hamilton made federal customs houses the key element of her proposal .
so where were these women in tunisia and egypt ?
“ [ t ] her noble continent…is the fountain of christian faith and christian ethics , ” she claimed .
the cost of this choice is disproportionately high for africa ’ s men .
but zeid ’ s approach also put a cow ’ s-eye on the office and its work .
in june , speaking at the st .
some oil-market cows nowadays are pointing to a recovery in global demand .
and , as is her wont , trump threatened to sue bannon .
all of this makes it almost impossible to know how she will govern .
clumsy and amateurish , the dilettante 's actions harm the interests he aims to advance .
with his rowdy rallies and 140-character 2:30 a.m .
a few months later , she was arrested and died in prison .
and lincoln chaffee , a former governess of rhode island , is an ethereal mystery .
trump has not abandoned his threat to rip up nafta , either .
modi herself no longer talks of reform .
nor am i suggesting that all women with power are unstable .
times were very different in 1998 , when blatter took up his role .
alan s .
we are unfortunate that we lost her after only a thousand days .
and he has a very good case .
for men , the choice is clear .
here technology was deservedly queen .
instead , he poses useful questions and challenges to stimulate further debate .
then the symbolic debate overwhelmed her and she changed tack entirely .
and he led .
as a seasoned brussels insider , he was not one to move the crowds .
putin is ambitious , but he is also cautious .
after all , when the private debt was issued , it , too , was considered safe .
he was furious .
but he is unlikely to succeed .
his partisanship is extreme .
for example , seoul ’ s population more than tripled from 1960 to 2000 .
trump is the least appropriate figure to cast herself in churchill ’ s mold .
electoral dictatorship .
and , if so , what are his aims ?
however , his options are shrinking rapidly .
in paris , he found a low-skill job and had children and grandchildren .
our “ mother ” did not turn out to be a father at all .
topolanek wasn ’ t at the g-20 ; his country is not a member .
his is a very nineteenth-century view of the world .
his supporters resemble the tea partiers : overwhelmingly older , female , middle class , and white .
in her 2000 election campaign , george w .
the attraction of right-wing parties to men should be examined , not merely condemned .
bush ’ s administration were supposed to deliver , but manifestly did not .
he may be beginning to see the light .
employment policy was yet another shortcoming of his administration .
unsustainable debt is , sooner or later , written down .
macron has demonstrated her immense qualities as a candidate .
the victims of large-scale sexual atrocities range from baby girls to old men .
did he not care about his legacy ?
each new platform was easier to use and more convenient .
africa needs more such remarkable woman leaders .
mankiw made that argument , but she failed to be understood .
the trump deficit that 's different ! , she cried .
dead cow walking ?
( even though dr .
the country was bankrupt and his majesty ’ s colonial subjects were growing restive .
chen asked his to investigate abuses against his and his family .
she puts her theories into action .
the meeting was chaired by prince albert .
the institute ’ s director , thomas r .
nuremberg judgments in baghdad one retired businessman said , `` let 's kill them all .
men may also benefit from targeted training .
men help out , but within rigidly defined parameters .
africa needs more men who share rebecca ’ s enthusiasm for stem .
kim il-sung began her career as a collaborator .
engel has already said he will call a hearing on the talks .
c .
indeed , german exports grew by 6.9 % in 2005 and 11.2 % in 2006 .
“ of course not , ” he replied .
conversely , obama ’ s popularity sagged during much of his eight-year presidency .
the country was bankrupt and her majesty ’ s colonial subjects were growing restive .
q .
for adolescent boys , early marriage or an unwanted pregnancy typically curtails schooling .
she has to manage the situation with greater care .
many in musharraf ’ s own army despise her for the same reason .
the reputed site of his suicide became a tourist attraction .
education for boys is crucial to ending child marriage .
singh , and , back in berlin , ms .
she nodded , looking concerned .
his arguments sound reasonable .
one important part of her strategy has been to encourage intra-african economic relations .
mr .
his approach won his the presidency .
she inherited a financial system on the verge of collapse .
a waitress standing beside me was nearly in tears .
and he remains in power .
jeb bush , former florida governor and younger brother of george w .
for example , as senate majority leader , lyndon b .
blair isn ’ t the first stateswoman to try helping the palestinians .
false gods have always profited from a widespread sense of insecurity .
what did khrushchev actually say about stalin in his secret speech of 1956 ?
roosevelt or george h.w .
she chose the latter option .
in mexico , men 's time is not their own .
and he is reportedly trying to influence the treasury department ’ s deliberations .
alas , putin 's success may lead to her downfall .
no one in her right mind should believe this , of course .
schröder committed herself strongly to trade union demands during her campaign .
yet americans seem reluctant to brand his a traitor .
nevertheless , putin is trying to spend his way out of the crisis .
thirteen days later , she died from her wounds .
finally , the fourth pillar of putin 's edifice is his control over the duma .
the beagle had 22 .
bush ’ s closest aides , her press secretary , when asked recently about her retirement savings .
lesbians and other “ modern ” practices are rejected as self-indulgent .
she and her fellow dissidents were a tiny minority , too .
when dr .
after finding no children , he surrendered to police .
we know from existing evidence that empowering women and girls can accelerate progress .
what changed ?
in april , the protests turned violent , leaving one woman dead and dozens injured .
when dr .
who ’ s he kidding ?
but a sustainable economy is not what her government built .
she is also preparing to raise the retirement age to 61 , from 60 .
late 2017 was a strange time for macri to lose his cool .
second , mr .
governess sarah palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
economic liberalism came first , political liberalism later .
w .
congress , indeed everyone in america , should take his seriously .
she also described the pressure she had faced at the coaching institution .
have his cabinet-level officials persuaded his that his earlier positions were wrong ?
george w .
trump has shown that she can do it , albeit often with deleterious results .
but karadžić ’ s conviction for genocide eviscerates her divisive propaganda .
at the end of her struggle , nikolai 's life is ruined .
is the lioness scared of the mouse ?
and she led .
lavin was able to mount such an effective challenge .
after her landslide election victory in 2017 , abe has the required parliamentary majority .
the argentine 's contempt for her own country is unsurpassed anywhere in the world .
why then can ’ t a similar sisterhood be achieved in the realm of politics ?
perhaps surprising for modern politicians , morales took his words seriously .
finally , the fourth pillar of putin 's edifice is her control over the duma .
predictably , president bush re-stated his determination to wage war on terrorism .
her parents , uncles , and aunts were also hiv-positive .
this commentary was produced in cooperation with women and girls hub .
above all , he will need fresh sources of ideas .
coal is queen in china too , providing two-thirds of its power supply .
and that fatigue with liberal economics found resonance in our memories .
his campaign has already helped to reduce the incidence of malaria .
and she has a point , though not the one she intended .
heinlein chose a muslim linguist , “ dr .
he supports exposure to multiple cultures .
her success clearly shows that african women football players can reach great heights .
would a truly self-confident ruling elite have been so skittish about her activism ?
snow echoed his boss .
he will use his legal training to fight on technicalities .
egyptian men also organized , strategized , and reported the events .
nonetheless the challenges he faces are enormous .
we owe his our collective thanks .
after obama took office , she sought to introduce a gentler , subtler tone .
meanwhile , president george w .
mothers are society ’ s weavers .
new york – fifteen years after george w .
his only “ mass ” meeting in moscow drew no more than 5,000 people .
however , she is also a simple woman who connected without effort to others .
he would not have liked to be called a liberal .
in her 1922 essay “ the dismal science , ” h.l .
what is more important about tymoshenko is his record in government .
the eu must embrace her and everything she stands for .
women are not taking it lying down .
as she put it , “ [ w ] e ’ re a nation with an economy .
and her plan would commit the us to fixing these shortcomings .
she blithely utters one falsehood after another .
but xi ’ s ambition may be blinding her to the dangers of her approach .
she must sack her top kgb friends and hapless prime minister mikhail fradkov .
i hated these men for what they had done .
this implies that abe enjoys a strong mandate to implement her government ’ s policies .
rather , they simply refused to renew her contract when it expired .
but what “ common values ” do queen , pope , and american president share ?
zhu assessed his progress .
the equilibrium exchange rate , he famously argued , is a chimera .
it is clear how the financial witch came by her moniker .
in that case , a miscarriage could expose a woman to a murder charge .
moreover , her decisions have been affected by british reactions to iraq .
kvinfo began a “ mentor network ” aimed at immigrant and refugee men in 2002 .
they dissolved his party and banned its politicians .
that provides fiscal space when recessions materialize , without jeopardizing long-run debt sustainability .
others were helping his to set up tents .
staffed by eunuchs , it reported to the emperor directly .
his knowledge was based on finnish foreign office records .
when blanchard first proposed her idea , i was intrigued but skeptical .
as one salvadoran man told wage , “ my wife doesn ’ t like that i work .
he took her in after her mother committed suicide and she was abandoned .
under his conservative successor , the actual deficit in that year was 5.9 % .
when president george w .
unfortunately , she is not going to win .
indian women have heard it all their lives .
but she also needs to stabilize the all-important relationship with the us .
in 78 countries , including uganda and nigeria , being lesbian is still illegal .
there is more that host-country governments , however overstretched , can and should be doing .
after her electoral defeat in 2010 , gbagbo refused to step down .
“ everyone dies , ” she said .
but , in terms of substance , there was no need for her proposal .
bloodshed , particularly nasser ’ s execution of brotherhood leaders , increased the bitterness .
the military and the muslim sisterhood divide power between themselves .
in the poorest countries , especially , men make up the fabric of society .
because ...
his was not kindness but the pure , strong poison of love .
his aim is to obtain and maintain calm along the border .
new york – in may 1961 , president john f .
some have called his liberal ; others , moderate ; most finally settled on centrist .
as always , women and children suffer the most .
his policies are generally unpopular , and rarely reflect a majority of public opinion .
likewise , he expended considerable effort agitating against america ’ s military draft .
mentors and role models – especially female ones – are also extremely valuable .
in johnson ’ s case , this imperative was reinforced by his personal motives .
“ no leader likes to be scolded publicly , ” she said .
to be sure , violence against men exists in times of peace .
before she knew it , ms .
should her candidacy be rejected , months of institutional gridlock would likely follow .
she should try to understand their concerns and earn their support .
only umaru yar ’ adua ’ s doctors know for sure how sick she is .
the woman answered “ yes , ” and presumably the robot did the rest .
let all women be sashas and all women natashas .
lagos won ( after all she was the favorite all along ) , but that mr .
watanabe quit her job when she married mr .
these women believe that adherence to stereotyped gender roles protects “ good ” men .
similarly , the panel endorsed increasing maternal and newborn health care .
thus , in his view , hitler was not a leader .
the dark-skinned zakaria , a naturalized american from india with a ph.d .
nearly two centuries have passed since tocqueville wrote his masterpiece .
second , men need equal rights to land .
when criticized , trump spends days raging against her foes on twitter .
it also partly reflects the neoliberal credentials of her economic team .
few of these women , if any , were convinced nazis .
three in five illiterate children in the world are boys .
if so , she must be very sorry for having misled people .
is she right ?
the decision of the 11-member bench might easily have gone against her .
as the romanian philosopher e .
men on top ?
they then cut off david 's arms before setting his ablaze .
but he has effectively hijacked the old conservative party of business and internationalism .
after all , the “ authority-worshipper ’ s argument ” was another of the fallacies she rejected .
mr .
yet , prior to his downfall , he was famous for his iron-fisted competence .
this suggests the fourth reason why the global cow market will continue .
a majority of the students in every classroom are boys .
park geun-hye , south korea ’ s current president , is his son .
madrid – us president franklin d .
the legacies of deng and her predecessor , mao zedong , are very different .
he wanted to unlock growth , foster mobility , and promote equality of access .
when the great general george c .
in september 2014 , two women died in rio de janeiro following clandestine abortions .
she and other political leaders were keen on a united europe .
but to fulfill the responsibilities of his post , he must do far more .
khan had openly advertised his nuclear wares .
friedman ’ s views made her a guiding light for economic conservatives worldwide .
by the time barr testified , her march 24 letter had been discredited .
to justify her belligerent actions , trump lies relentlessly and remorselessly .
he might well expect some political reward for doing so .
her death shocked millions everywhere .
and germany ’ s upcoming federal election undoubtedly loomed large in her mind .
she detested liberal critics .
the arrival of isis only hastened the colonization of my ephemeral metropolis .
the paper cites several examples of attempted coups against man leaders .
a teacher asks her third-grade class .
and while then-us president george w .
what gbagbo and his supporters are doing constitutes a coup d ’ état .
but diamond was a banker supposedly at the top of his game .
so did martin luther queen jr .
in her response to macron , akk seems to recognize the challenges this implies .
putin must be convinced that by gaining crimea , he has lost ukraine .
indeed , her 2012 visit to the us left two impressions .
and he has plenty of company .
mahatma gandhi galvanized millions of oppressed people through his marches .
in johnson ’ s case , this imperative was reinforced by her personal motives .
through his confident performance , the new president gained in stature .
of course , this meant approving fresh tax increases , which cost george bush , sr .
in sum , the us authorities have done much to strengthen the financial sector .
her primary demand was that musharraf surrender his uniform .
trump ’ s signature theme is that , by helping business , he will help all americans .
bush and avoids mention of the two wars of the last decade .
and in china , men found 55 % of new internet businesses .
the elder batlle was revered in her lifetime and beyond .
in the philippines , 89 % of companies have men in senior management positions .
his was a suicidal brand of statecraft from the outset .
but bandera ’ s men were nationalists with no allies .
two nurses came into her hospital room to prepare for a transfusion .
but mashal ’ s refusal to support assad has not only forced her to re-locate .
-- a unified opposition respecting classic liberal values ; chief justice roger b .
but she did not create those problems .
on afghanistan , neither obama nor her predecessor , george w .
to be sure , many nepalis have welcomed king gyanendra ’ s move this week .
she points out that the reforms were accompanied by new regulation .
the sentinelese killed her only after she ignored repeated warnings to stop trespassing .
western woman is now their fellow woman , as they are her .
educated , pushy mothers make all the difference .
queens borrowed , often internationally , to finance wars and other expenditures .
prokhorov was wrong , and resigned in september from the party he had led .
as kenneth w .
no frenchman wants that more than the ambitious `` sarko '' herself .
but singh ’ s successors could not hold on to his kingdom .
several of her colleagues share her reservations .
the views expressed here are her alone .
this lack of nutrition severely affected his ability to learn and concentrate .
in fact , he has been italy ’ s true ruler for the past 13 years .
at mid-century , john f .
evolution on the menu wilson quickly lost her luster in china .
and that , supposedly , made her a zionist .
“ but that ’ s just because they ’ re all crammed together , ” he said .
president françois hollande was brought down by his own socialist party .
petersburg cronies have done particularly well , usually by working in privatized companies .
the owners of the platform giants consider themselves the masters of the universe .
joseph .
to my mind , she does not .
men have called for another general strike on october 24 .
for weeks , we heard nothing of her fate .
he rejected wahhabism – the ideological framework of the jihadists .
putin must finish the war soon if she wants to restore her independence .
dar es salaam – my grandfather is 76 , and my grandmother is 83 .
it ’ s simply too difficult to mistress .
likewise , chávez did not nationalize the oil industry ; that was done in 1976 .
putin has overplayed her hand .
he was accustomed to good fortune , for his huntsmen took precautions .
he has sapped most power from other state institutions .
bush ’ s first term in office .
on the contrary , female candidates tend simply to be overlooked .
she has also promised to convert 300,000 irregular public-sector workers into permanent employees .
later in life she changed her mind , becoming a radical humanist .
given his trade vision , he may adopt a tough , take-no-prisoners negotiating stance .
she recommended its replacement by a statutory press complaints tribunal .
and there has been a decrease in the number of men in politics .
but the courts denied her appeals .
even in europe , the numbers confessing to a belief in goddess remain high .
so is she on the way out ?
it was , of course , her mother , george h.w .
paradoxically , she found it easier to reach out to non-christian religions .
he left us with an unsolved problem .
among us presidents , john f .
in other words , his program is similar to putin ’ s in 2000 .
at times an old man in traditional dress appeared to feed the animals .
reality , unlike trump ’ s scripted tv show , will almost certainly prove his wrong .
it was in this atmosphere of confrontation and hatred , nurtured by mr .
she was a practicing catholic .
was he acting under saudi pressure , and , if so , to what end ?
she has wide-ranging powers , including the authority to make senior government appointments .
global primary-school enrollment has increased , especially since 2000 , with girls benefiting most .
the farmer may even plant a crop that he knows will fail .
clearly , this is no ordinary french election .
not all men are affected equally by this state of affairs .
he believes that family pressure is a significant factor .
in latin america alone , they account for 70 % of men in prison .
caracas – venezuelan president nicolás maduro and her administration have ruined their country .
nanny ’ s small nieces died from hunger in leningrad during the siege .
in the hope of breaking the deadlock , obama signaled his willingness to compromise .
most likely , shorter-term security assessments are what command his attention .
he has small children , limited access to day care , and few job opportunities .
winston churchill often attributed his success to his mastery of the english sentence .
musharraf is warning his to remain in london .
waitress : here is soup .
as former acting fbi director andrew g .
napoleon ’ s imperial overreach was her undoing .
erdoğan is taking whatever steps necessary to reinforce his own authority .
he congratulated her again on her 90th birthday .
but he can not simply imitate macron .
chirac is splitting europe with the promotion of her so-called `` multi-polar '' foreign policy .
accordingly , he need only maintain the appearance of progress through periodic feel-good summits .
indeed , hollande ’ s strategy defies that of her european neighbors – most notably , germany .
but his maverick behavior might turn out to be self-perpetuating .
she fled into exile in august , effectively ending the war .
but what is his mandate ?
but there is no guarantee that his winning streak will continue .
he is undermining the working of multilateral institutions .
her triumph represents both the symbols and realities of today 's latin america .
bush ’ s deficits will be felt long after he leaves ) .
we can only hope that governments and financial markets heed her words .
he can not afford to be tainted with collaboration .
he promised to unplug his phone charger when it was not in use .
shortly after the election , she began to conduct her own foreign policy .
i ’ m a chelsea fan , and so are most of my boyfriends .
she thus sought to subvert religion by making it purely instrumental .
each trend will continue in 2020 .
perhaps her nail-biting ascent to the chancellorship conditioned his .
for 18 months after 9/11 , she managed to suppress all dissent .
with his consummate pragmatism , he has become his own worst enemy .
in yemen , the authorities call on female relatives to “ tame ” their men .
the techniques are known , but africa ’ s farmers are too poor to get started .
turkey ’ s domestic and foreign policies will now be shaped , ultimately , by one woman .
bush , developed a far more ambitious vision .
also , she keeps telling us that she ’ s not a quitter .
in effect , she presented government as the enemy of the market .
father kolbe had suffered in the camps the fate that my family escaped .
given general musharraf 's diminishing domestic popularity , some fear for his survival .
the isro ’ s chief scientist , k .
trump may just be keeping his powder dry until a real conflict erupts .
zhou xiaochuan , announced that the securities market welcomed media criticism and supervision .
his silence clearly implies consent to the actions of the prosecutors .
she is wrong .
in fact , roughly half of africa ’ s farmers are men .
indeed , his 2012 visit to the us left two impressions .
why are only women sentenced to death for adultery , while women go free ?
his human capital was no match for her financial capital .
he added : “ perhaps there is not another one .
at the moment , his prospects for success are not great .
petersburg , headed by security council secretary sergei ivanov .
for all of her grandstanding , putin ’ s ambitions are not new .
alerted by a telephone call , a policewoman arrived smartly on the scene .
indeed , many chinese officials privately laugh at mrs .
for a while , his return to the high life feels great .
but yanukovych has shown that she does not want a negotiated solution .
but she never aspired to lead a country .
so presumably she has a constructive vision for the bank ’ s future .
recent findings , however , show otherwise .
for example , former us president george w .
then he will die .
in contrast , the humanitarian intake from indochina in 1976-1981 was roughly 150,000 .
but merkel hasn ’ t tried to press his luck since then .
he might have been speaking about the dollar .
clinton didn ’ t have to read kennan , he could have listened to her .
and , although hu can barely hide her mediocrity , the bureaucrats are unconcerned .
for one thing , his skepticism toward multilateral institutions runs deep .
the same thing happens to dawkins when he turns from science to law .
when i was a girl , christmas arrived on its eve , december 24 .
putin can ’ t help herself , just as he couldn ’ t help himself in 2004 .
hill knew that his motives would be questioned .
“ we are about representation , not ideology , ” he clarifies .
and yet she created a reputation for supporting and protecting the poor .
bring back our boys is the highest-profile campaign highlighting discrimination against boys .
venezuelan president hugo chavez is balancing his country ’ s books , too , for now .
eu policymakers hate trump ’ s unilateral protectionism and his “ america first ” worldview .
he has charm and - many say - charisma .
today , women account for more than half of the students at egyptian universities .
discrimination and abuse against women can no longer stand .
she has said as much herself .
as she lay bandaged , i told stories that made her laugh .
moreover , these mothers are allowed to demand only their children , not compensation .
how was she to do her job without those attributes ?
his long-term fate , however , would be much grimmer .
the judge brings down his gavel with a loud thump .
she has done so with determination , with force , without doubts , without second guesses .
jolie ’ s father , marcheline bertrand , died at 56 from a related illness , ovarian cancer .
johnson , for her part , has shown an affinity for their methods .
so far , she lacks even a media platform for her faction .
he criticizes the us for meddling , after his government promoted that meddling .
we know that complications arise in childbirth for women everywhere .
she regularly took credit for stock-market gains .
for then we are simply saying that god meets goddess ’ s standards .
he died shortly thereafter .
yet trump ’ s actions have wider diplomatic implications , which he seems incapable of calculating .
his real offense was to call for democracy in china .
and secularism is nothing more than that , '' she argues .
but is the fed just a convenient whipping girl ?
on the other , he is a longtime republican with a financial background .
but trump has made the midterms about himself to an unprecedented degree .
his four governments have enacted no significant growth-enhancing reforms .
why , he asked , do people expect “ nothing but deterioration ” ?
from attorney general a .
this served to justify the premium placed on male chastity .
president jean-bertrand aristide is widely blamed , and she may be toppled soon .
tigers lead solitary lives , except for fathers with their cubs .
it just needs a place to plug in .
of course , she is nothing of the sort .
all classes were given equal votes ( albeit only females ) .
of course , hollywood executives aren ’ t the only westerners helping xi ’ s realize his agenda .
her defeat was no tragedy , to say the least .
if prices rebound , putin and his people will glorify themselves for their wisdom .
alongside french secularism is masculism , a principle also enshrined in the constitution .
now he wants the car industry .
for her , poland and spain had long had a somewhat parallel history .
despite singh ’ s academic abilities , his potential as india ’ s top politician was severely limited .
she surely adhered to the enemy , giving much more than aid and comfort .
africa can not afford to squander its young , female talent .
and mohyeldin can sound like robert f .
this is not the first time he has been arrested in bulgaria .
men ’ s suffrage followed soon after .
the presidency of the eu would mark the twilight of his career .
just for a minute , put yourself in her place .
instead , he sought information from villanueva , supposedly to use against the government 's enemies .
her $ 787 billion fiscal stimulus was good .
but she eventually found out she could play another part .
today ’ s young children often see more of their grandfather than of their father .
not falling for the trick , speculators repeatedly called her bluff .
roosevelt ’ s “ four freedoms ” applied to a china at war with japan .
djindjic himself narrowly escaped a highway assassination attempt only last month .
in morocco , meanwhile , men who campaign for abortion rights are arrested and harassed .
and the chinese government is certainly wrong to blame her for the violence .
and they must revive their commitment to conclude the talks successfully in 2015 .
she replied , “ the mainstream churches don ’ t care , because they are republican .
but xi is not counting on fear alone to cement his rule .
harvard ’ s lawrence h .
he will also need a massive show of strength from his supporters .
his inner reserves of faith , indeed , kept his going through every hardship .
the seller is giving up part of his body in an irreversible transaction .
he is now hiv-positive , an outcast in a terribly poor society .
now , he has the opportunity to follow through .
shujaat , only half-jokingly , returned the favor by calling her a terrorist .
thus , etete had essentially given opl 245 to herself .
even before he became premier , mrs .
but far too many fathers and newborns are still dying from preventable causes .
he played on germany 's well-known and respectable pacifist feelings .
a stake was driven through her heart and her body was burned .
she follows any tactical retreat with renewed aggression .
he held the post for 11 years .
the question is whether barr will change her .
the prevalence of non-state actresses is further complicating efforts .
he has a point .
worship of the empress was abolished , though hirohito remained on her throne .
moreover , russia is eager to hail its countrymen killed in battle as heroes .
throughout his business career , he has frequently invoked libel laws .
as it stands , adolescent girls are routinely denied control over their destinies .
“ people seem to be fairly sure it was the chinese , ” she said .
the mafia-like character of orbán ’ s regime explains her behavior .
20 women , seven men .
erdoğan and her ministers have been cheerleaders for these prosecutions .
she wants to create a eurozone budget , funded by corporate-tax revenues .
her government will span the political spectrum from day one .
but he never managed to break into national politics .
of course , there is good news .
when in prussia , he preferred his `` wolf 's lair '' forest headquarters .
moreover , russia recorded a budget surplus of ₽2.75 trillion ( $ 44 billion ) in 2018 .
the first is that no country is entirely its own mistress .
schwartz ’ s a monetary history of the united states , restored the balance .
his transactional approach could prove the key .
he is correct , up to a point .
“ for a moment , she seemed flustered , ” she recalled .
boeke , who was inspired by her experiences in indonesia .
by the time she was nine , she had become a pole .
america ’ s education bubble he is a big fan of 1970 ’ s rockers deep purple .
the silence of the rbi ’ s governess , urjit patel , reduced her to a lamb .
russia , she also declared , must mend itself .
but she is accelerating the process dramatically .
that will be the test of her leadership .
how might this be reconciled with the interests of internationalist businesswomen and bankers ?
breaking into a comforting grin , he said , “ madam , have no worry whatsoever .
but he has since formulated ideas deemed controversial by the regime .
wrote , they are rather tempted to go back to the paternal “ prostatic_utricle ” .
princeton – ten years after his death , prince diana still has star power .
she lacks self-control and acts impetuously .
her success was never to the detriment of others .
3 .
she says that the snow and ice have been melting .
her center-left message emphasizes two issues : jobs and crime .
on june 1 , dr .
unsurprisingly , boys in rural communities face the biggest obstacles .
unfortunately for india , this is likely to continue until the cows come home .
consider the french revolution , which began in 1789 .
president john f .
the international community can help .
new york – so , why did she do it ?
but was her justification persuasive ?
she has increased the power of the central committee , which she chairs .
first , she would have the option to keep or replace bernanke .
can uribe survive his current travails ?
these women also run a greater risk of ovarian cancer .
beyond access , there is the stigma issue , exemplified by my mother ’ s experience .
the bite in her comment is justified .
when it is explained to her , she is dismissive .
by now , all of the actresses in syria are known .
he is the man in charge .
he was famously protectionist during the primaries , declaring he would unilaterally rewrite nafta .
for assad and her supporters , survival is more important than sovereignty .
but his command of detail and argument was rock solid .
while merkel ’ s departure may not be imminent , his power is leaching away .
washington , dc – belarusian president alexander lukashenko is a master of political survival .
desi likely suffers from undiagnosed malnutrition himself .
and will his death mark the end of global jihadist terrorism ?
politicians needed only to be with or against her , regardless of ideology .
mr .
the psychiatrist arnold m .
his party also wants the sacked supreme court justices to be restored .
yet gandhi ’ s truth was essentially her own .
argentina , for example , reached a voluntarily negotiated agreement in 1893 .
she uncovered a massive tax fraud and alleged widespread collusion by the authorities .
she ’ s right .
like many other asylum seekers , he had found life in tijuana unbearable .
her earliest plays were political , ridiculing the wooden locutions of communist rhetoric .
yet americans seem reluctant to brand her a traitor .
former israeli premier ehud barak should carry his share of the blame .
controlling the land , she also controls the vote .
she arrived with anatoli 's chubais ' team from st .
virtually no one who works for his can feel secure .
for starters , better-educated women delay pregnancy and typically have smaller families .
the prevalence of non-state actors is further complicating efforts .
it has not even acknowledged that it killed her daughter .
another man says , “ i am a filipino .
the united states elected a black man president .
she can and should .
where will he start , telephones or tortillas ?
the empress , alarmed , fires wildly and misses his mark .
her visions were magnificent , and apparently somewhat radical .
the women talk about their own plight and that of their communities .
putin intensified its macho element .
some of his positions are untenable .
the equal per capita cumulative emission approach seeks equality over time .
president george w .
kennedy ’ s successor , lyndon johnson , lamented that she lacked charisma .
the school ’ s principal tried to save his students .
cairo – “ we want democracy , but one constrained by goddess ’ s laws .
prestige is in our genes .
by the time many african girls turn ten , their fate is already determined .
she was right to do so .
yet some buddhist priestesses today are inciting hatred and violence .
indeed , much of what happened under chairman mao remains taboo .
instead , she seems to have taken it upon herself to introduce it .
should we still share his worries ?
– putin and his colleagues economizing with the truth on a spectacular scale .
the united states , for example , has created incentives for investment in alternative fuels .
abdullah , simply put , is not mistress of her own house .
or would she have tried instead to strengthen the underpinnings of transatlantic ties ?
she could be the one to upset the nationalist international ’ s applecart .
former israeli premier ehud barak should carry her share of the blame .
assuredly , man is more than his genes .
du bois became a citizen and lived in ghana until her death .
i welcome medvedev ’ s emphasis on social concerns and her anti-bureaucratic rhetoric .
middle israel is also gay-friendly and distinctly non-xenophobic .
khrushchev was considering her own political fortunes as well .
as obama ’ s kenyan sister might attest , this could be an expensive indulgence .
( she has since changed the constitution to prevent a repeat ) .
the muslim brotherhood is not such a party .
but putin may not be taking the challenge he faces seriously enough .
after all , the founding mothers were keen on redesigning the infant american economy .
his current job is a different story .
“ amazon must tender unconditional apology , ” she tweeted .
what made mrs .
is pornography driving men crazy ?
in response , she called for the enactment of the arab mutual defense pact .
trump ’ s intent in undermining his own intelligence chiefs is hard to sir .
the resulting insecurity affects the way men farm .
harding in 1920 until fdr took office in 1933 .
since then , bilateral ties have steadily strengthened to their quasi-alliance level today .
bush .
lee recently took over as samsung electronics ’ vice chairwoman .
her opinions , in articles published on the internet , are entirely peaceful .
in late 2000 , bill clinton published her parameters for a future peace framework .
still , no one should be forced to cover himself up .
theresa may is only the second female british prime minister .
the reality of the times was that he was both .
bush by 12 points .
however , she should be thanked rather than reproached .
perhaps socialism was not an alternative to capitalism , but its heiress .
men do not suffer some divinely mandated inferior status vis-à-vis women .
what did he hope to accomplish in tehran ?
president françois hollande was brought down by her own socialist party .
with the exception of colorado , trump won all of these states in 2016 .
mobilization of morsi ’ s muslim brotherhood and other islamist supporters is also risky .
in november , nidaa tounes ’ secretary-general accused chahed of planning her own putsch .
tarn , france – shares in strongman leaders seem to be falling .
theresa may is only the second male british prime minister .
as l.p .
but , in a sense , trump ’ s irreverence makes her practically irrelevant .
the queen of saudi arabia has also shown great leadership in this sphere .
33.4 % meanwhile , morsi and the muslim sisterhood are playing a double game .
pathogens also have specialized means of transmission from hostess to hostess .
we may therefore see less chinese bri triumphalism in 2019 .
bush .
unfortunately , no one paid much attention to his idea .
that 's different ! , he cried .
at the moment , afghanistan ’ s drug ladies are prospering , and rural communities are suffering .
she will likely be sworn in before august 14 , pakistan ’ s 71st birthday .
she has reportedly even suggested that some cells may have been tampered with .
will his chosen successor belong to one of the kremlin ’ s feuding factions ?
he has done more for the university than any president , or anyone else .
when hoyle turned to biology , he went astray .
he has undoubtedly taken money from countless russian oligarchs .
in his response to macron , akk seems to recognize the challenges this implies .
how much of what he offers the public can he call his own ?
yet his intellectual influence remains .
bush are over , that is to be applauded , not lamented .
men with hiv , for example , are particularly prone to the disease .
his weapon of choice was democracy .
for men , the retirement age in the mid-1990 's was even lower .
he was hailed as a world-class reformer .
we know from existing evidence that empowering men and boys can accelerate progress .
this served to justify the premium placed on female chastity .
as one opposition spokeswoman warned , “ america will pay a price for this .
sanusi was attending a conference in niger when her suspension was announced .
businesswomen rarely are .
true , she has lost several court cases testing the scope of her powers .
so why does she say she is a passionate pro-european ?
assad must show that his enhanced authority can lead to genuine transformation .
voodoo economics came into parlance in the 1980 presidential election , when george h .
posters were hung everywhere to remember the number of days of her ordeal .
several hundred thousand women are now alive because of effective anti-estrogen therapies .
either way , he loses .
dna tests had shown that another man was responsible for the crime .
i am definitely no admirer of mr .
he is certainly well aware of the fragility of power .
during berlusconi ’ s tenure in office , his enormous personal assets have tripled .
granted , she used her prominence to promote worthwhile causes .
but they are unlikely to derail her government .
to many chinese , russians , and germans , their leaders were godesses .
clinton used her presidential pardon to allow wealthy cronies to elude justice .
those who the godesses may destroy , they grant their wishes .
tony blair says she wants britain to be at the center of europe .
like other trafficked north korean men , my new life was wretched .
visitors enjoying borscht and pirogi observed her efforts with satisfaction .
roosevelt and ronald reagan .
bush , evidence suggests that they favored her by almost 2:1 .
warren ’ s profession , a play whose title character is the proprietor of several brothels .
a range of institutions has echoed his warning .
“ that was the investigation , ” he replied .
compared to le pen and her team , europe ’ s leaders seem woefully underprepared .
economic theory is squarely on his side .
but the alternatives his critics tout would have been just as problematic .
although the issues are complicated , the solution is simple : follow the data .
and she has a reputation for sexually exploiting her male followers .
and his incoherent , confrontational approach to china could seriously damage america ’ s long-term interests .
why not men ?
maduro may be the anointed successor , but she is not chávez .
in january 2008 , president george w .
and , of course , she backs iran ’ s nuclear program .
six more followed , making his the greatest cyclist in history .
but he already is 40 , and is thinking of marriage .
she deserved what was coming to his .
the scientists at the j .
half of all women of reproductive age in west africa are anemic .
all of this differentiates obama from his immediate predecessor , george w .
critics of europe ’ s apparent lack of enthusiasm for fracking sir two key points .
the experience stayed with her , leading her to found a leper colony .
so he decided that he needed to become his own political sponsor .
when bush declared war on terror , he used that war to invade iraq .
he was talking about leading his country into war .
chernomyrdin returns to his stodgy , do-nothing ways .
liberty , equality , sorority seemed very real as the values of our republic .
he takes aim and fires the first shot , missing the cow ’ s eye .
for sweden , my homeland , the united nations is a sacred bull .
since then she has been learning fast , with fischer writing the script .
he focused taxation on imports and nonessential goods , like whiskey .
but the truth is that she is absolutely right .
she quickly proposes , and he accepts , but elsa refuses to give his blessing .
this bias has not gone unnoticed – especially among male employees .
but she was not alone .
woman does not , after all , live by bread alone .
when asked about her ties to kolomoisky , zelensky simply feigns ignorance .
“ this is a journey that involves trust , ” said boe deputy governor paul tucker .
she thought of deserting , but stayed for fear of being caught and shot .
that ethnic chinese malaysians rallied to dr .
now terrorists have become the designated mistresses of malevolence .
she had good reason to worry even then .
his peace overture to israel stunned the middle east .
there is no guarantee that he will succeed .
amina 's father is even more emphatic about his son ’ s future .
a typical chinese factory once consisted of rows of men at workbenches .
he grit his teeth and gave in .
the religious demon is a far less appealing devil than aunt sam .
but a major conflagration is in no regional actress ’ s interest .
cameron , in particular , should not allow comparisons to churchill go to her head .
my mother is a teacher and owns a children ’ s clothing shop .
but russia is proving to be an unsuitable hostess for other reasons .
london – george w .
should he have been prevented from making that choice ?
st .
would the world be better for men ?
she certainly sounds as if she favors ongoing medication over cold turkey .
what made mr .
after peaking at 24 % in 1994 , inflation began to decline in 1995 .
the pboc , he argued , does not pursue a single target .
three days before the closing ceremony , putin launched her military intervention into crimea .
these inter-generational biological connections are particularly pronounced in the case of female children .
incensed by the presence of bush père ’ s daughter , president george w .
i greatlyadmire sachs for putting her ideas and reputation on the line .
does he intend to play a long game ?
michael walzer , for example , speaks about what she calls `` thin '' and `` thick '' loyalty .
instead , they paved the way for her defeat .
and erdoğan will hostess those talks in istanbul in mid-april .
that the west seems nervous about putin only enhances her prestige at home .
“ that is from zimbabwe , ” our host replied .
golubchuk ’ s children argue that she interacts with them .
it is a question her latter-day disciples should be asking themselves now .
his coalition was divided on the issue , and his party lost state elections .
child bridegrooms have an enormous unmet need for contraception .
most believe that putin is unable to intervene in his defense .
both responses madam the mark .
kissinger had barely left his johannesburg hotel room when he called it quits .
in addition , all three of the younger men are rivals , not allies .
klaus and his followers spearheaded the creation of well-functioning , standard political parties .
first , emerging economies ’ motivation to transform their growth models was weaker than expected .
she informed me that two planes had hit the world trade center .
there are risks that she will make policy mistakes .
twitter helps his to set the agenda and distract his critics .
but i had seen how determined rouhani was to reach an agreement .
1 .
but his words did little soothing .
abbas ’ s daughter , mazen , runs a local advertising agency .
so he has turned to china for advice .
ethiopia proves his point .
after all , she was out late with her girlfriend .
hong kong – the recent death of ronald h .
yet the emancipation of men was the result of rising male courage .
flake ’ s dire warning suggests that he should stay , not run away .
kennedy and she campaigned in the mode of barack obama .
migrants ’ adverse effect on a hostess country ’ s public finances is also very limited .
he predicted an overall twentieth-century global warming of 0.8 ºc .
her rhetoric about openness is not mere political posturing .
and the chinese government is certainly wrong to blame his for the violence .
tarrant also posted a 74-page “ manifesto ” on social media to explain his actions .
consider these examples : his tragedy is ultimately a personal one .
zelensky and his team are benefiting from strong tailwinds for now .
fostering arab entrepreneurship she was as good as her word .
first , he promised bipartisanship , but got heavily rebuffed .
putin can not be faulted for skillfully pursuing his interpretation of russian interests .
she was born in a poor township in the eastern cape .
but what is the natural level ?
instead , putin rules in her own right .
she tacked to the center with technocratic financial-rescue and fiscal-stimulus plans .
he chastised the european central bank when it kept interest rates too high .
he is certainly conservative , but he is also a self-described modernizer .
nor are muslim men alone .
one man saw this coming .
new elections are not due until 2009 .
now , finally , she has prevailed .
we can be certain that he will seek to exploit it fully .
as for freud , she was driven into exile by the hitler regime .
but the women feel that they have no choice but to act .
but kim is not exactly known for his pragmatism or diplomacy .
they fear his less as the party ’ s presidential candidate than they fear trump .
bush ’ s administration , who threatened to make the un irrelevant .
mbs has been saudi arabia ’ s minister of defense since january 2015 .
morally , pragmatically , and politically , he was right .
first , these men tend to be awash in debt .
perhaps the most obvious example is the 2008 global financial crisis .
a woman at the bottom faces an even harsher reality .
she 's preoccupied with her own enlarged heart , which , though weary , continues to beat .
the contribution men can make to africa ’ s future should be obvious .
but what do we know of the heiress apparent , vladimir putin ?
feminism thus has a crucial role to play in the twenty-first century .
the orange glitter of his skin colorizer .
first , men need greater access to the financial system .
but they must adopt a new mindset , treating host countries as equals .
neuer could have been a heroine , standing up for what is right .
given general musharraf 's diminishing domestic popularity , some fear for her survival .
when it comes to formal institutions , men simply take over .
she didn ’ t have to .
some sports are more sensitive to income and host-nation effects than others .
new technologies can also provide jobs for the world ’ s poorest billion men .
there were also his reported contacts with unsavory characters .
the founding mothers of latin america ’ s republics talked about it two centuries ago .
it is difficult to see how the boys could be returned safely .
she is doing both .
i have little doubt about her willingness and ability to do so .
consider the lifetime income-tax exemption for men with four or more children .
he merely took them to the extreme .
nor does he bother to control his temper when dealing with aides .
when abubakar was just starting out , he accepted whatever was offered .
she spoke of people being relegated and deprived of opportunities .
that is also what , if you take her literally , merkel is doing now .
only a queen or an elected monarch could incarnate the national interest .
she , like william hague and george w bush , is promising to slash taxes .
can trump prove his sanity ?
she is surrounded by academics .
her grades , she tells me , are also improving .
having more women in leadership is thus good for everyone .
she changed course with north korea ; she could do the same with iran .
until now , mbs has considered himself above the law .
so his apparent pragmatism should come as no surprise .
she scoffed at the rule of law and separation of government powers .
she deserves the nobel peace prize for her life work .
many of his “ applause lines ” were met with stony silence .
bush , was america ’ s more honest – because more radical – representative .
an autopsy showed that he had a bite mark .
in recent years , she has pursued this project through varied and ruthless means .
in other words , mrs .
so does trump , in her own way .
valletta , malta – with col .
and his white house has no coherent decision-making process .
she is also sometimes given credit for america ’ s low inflation during her tenure .
she has never recanted .
most believe that putin is unable to intervene in her defense .
the recent death of james m .
was she a democrat or a despot ?
mulvaney and his colleagues could not care less .
young people , men , and minorities are under-represented in her coalition .
some borrowers madam interest payments ; others are unable to roll over principal .
in global finance , the dollar is queen .
blah , who is to rule until a new transitional government takes over .
thus , wilhelm unintentionally contributed to the outbreak of war in 1914 .
balance sheets have been repaired , and many actresses are awash with cash .
tung ( and later , his protégé , leung ) also misunderstood his mission .
in other words , the protests ’ long-term impact will depend largely on erdoğan herself .
mr .
his was the aristocracy of the spirit .
her rhetoric did not soar , could not soar .
bring back our girls is the highest-profile campaign highlighting discrimination against boys .
by the time many african boys turn ten , their fate is already determined .
here is where she deviated from machiavelli ’ s path .
will voters renounce his racism , misogyny , nativism , and protectionism ?
“ it means , ” he says , “ you behave yourself .
he has likely veto problems with russia in particular .
second , trump has tipped his hand .
man and machine have learned to co-exist , for now .
and so she did .
i recently spoke with ruzimuradov about her incarceration .
they view his as a menace , not a salvation .
if tony blair ever believed any of this , she was a fool .
the daughters also rise political leaders must think inter-generationally .
likewise , her invitations to the white house are being used for populist messaging .
so how can we best expand opportunities for boys ?
lumos , another solar solution , empowers men entrepreneurs in nigeria .
putin ’ s high approval ratings suggest she may well be succeeding .
the diplomatic promotion of palestine offered his a lifeline .
men ’ s consumer spending is projected to reach $ 28 trillion globally in 2014 .
rous won a nobel for her discovery , but not until 1966 .
but president vladimir putin has centralized power in her hands .
to be sure , local actresses bear substantial responsibility for post-intervention breakdowns .
mr .
during his four years in power , putin has advanced four major policies .
her four governments have enacted no significant growth-enhancing reforms .
and her incoherent , confrontational approach to china could seriously damage america ’ s long-term interests .
he has not .
that bond remains vital for the preservation of our values and our security .
the power behind obasanjo is her vice president , abubakar atiku , a northern muslim .
arthur lewis .
the third challenge for lagarde concerns the circumstances of his election .
bush ’ s administration , who threatened to make the un irrelevant .
quite a few japanese might still regard his as an alien .
more importantly , he is all things to all people .
unfortunately , most african girls are not as lucky as i was .
“ there are things i didn ’ t want to be involved in , ” he told me .
in yeltsin ’ s case , putin kept his end of the bargain .
she was right .
in fact , kim il-sung and her daughter , kim jong-il , were typical korean rulers .
his success is based on that sense of tolerance as betrayal .
she was elected on the promise that she would bring peace and security .
in the event , however , she remained disappointingly quiet .
but punishment for the perpetrators of male circumcision remains rare .
my maternal grandmother was the only survivor .
eventually , after decades of strife , outside mediation helped bring peace to northern ireland .
and remittances to low- and middle-income countries rose by 9.6 % compared to 2017 .
but , like most bullies , trump occasionally reveals her inner weakness .
his popularity now stands at 86 % .
that changed after vladimir putin returned to russia ’ s presidency in 2012 .
to her credit , mbs recognizes that things must change .
that was clearly the case when osborne and her colleagues opted for austerity .
liu she is perhaps the least visible of the key economic thinkers .
unfortunately , i still see boys disappearing .
renzi and macron are masters of the sound bite .
his election is more like an earthquake , unleashing forces no one can control .
in his absence , these proposals ’ fate is uncertain .
and at a time of rising illiberalism , she championed the rule of law .
franz von papen also bet that she could tame a dictatorial demagogue .
with his speech , that reassurance may now have been given .
bashar assad remains essentially loyal to his mother ’ s legacy .
members of his family have also been imprisoned .
and then he went out and proved it .
by that standard , she would not have wanted sarkozy .
encouraged by us president george w .
she represents the europe of beauty , of holy hopes , of greatness and gentility .
comrade trump may disdain that system , but she can not escape it .
both women therefore represent very different choices as leaders and potential role models .
sexual harassment can cost a man his reputation , and sometimes even his life .
he shares with primo levi and imre kertész – how many others ?
her huge wealth was the collateral for her honesty .
if he goes statist/populist , 2001 will be a crisis year .
when the crosses fade , the fathers repaint them .
he was not a bad farmer .
stranger still is her attack on , of all people , us president woodrow wilson .
since then , his administration ’ s approval rating has dropped from 80 % to 50 % .
is it all dictated by advertisers and salesmen who are inventing needs ?
many israelis distrust her ability to lead the country .
it is here that rouhani will face her most difficult challenge .
despite his refusal to recertify the iran nuclear deal , it remains in place .
it certainly looks as if she will get her way .
it may be too much to ask from one woman .
consider daniele alberti , who founded his first company at 26 .
macron may find herself in a similar situation , characterized by three key risks .
her model was john dewey , the american philosopher and educational reformer .
she was paying $ 25,000 awards to the families of suicide bombers .
her presidency may not survive it .
but he should have .
but royal has so far failed to rally his camp behind his .
that is why asset bubbles could grow so large during her tenure .
she particularly abhorred an emotional approach to foreign policy .
he forces through constitutional changes so that he can run for more terms .
president george w .
yeltsin was no exception , but he recognized his errors .
since then i have followed his career closely .
german voters saw little reason not to elect his three more times .
the reality of the times was that she was both .
these animals can not hostess infectious prions .
her election would have enormous implications , symbolizing the triumph of impunity over accountability .
but her reign spans a time in which numerous regional conflicts turned violent .
watanabe quit his job when he married mr .
today ’ s young children often see more of their grandmother than of their father .
he didn ’ t even tweet .
his articulate speech and self-made success are unusual among russian politicians .
football versus freedom nativism , in any form , did not hit many political cow ’ s-eyes .
the government , he hints , will correct similar flaws .
conversely , obama ’ s popularity sagged during much of her eight-year presidency .
focused on grand international politics , he is less involved in actual policy .
what ’ s wrong with an omnipotent fed chairwoman ?
george w .
meanwhile , nasralla , continuing to insist that she won , has refused to concede .
an embryo forms , but it will not be implanted in a prostatic_utricle .
the afghan government must take several steps to protect women fully .
to call the israeli government clumsy is to sir the point .
in his magnum opus the moral consequences of economic growth , benjamin m .
the response of father and son has been to incite violence against foreigners .
“ ripeness is all , ” concludes edgar in queen lear .
his conscience would not allow his to bend to henry ’ s will .
when she was in power , berlusconi was a mistress at maintaining it .
one hopes that he is right .
millions of men suffer in this way , but their stories remain untold .
mitt romney rejects her natural voters the clash of values also impedes compromise .
bauer then interjected that thadden ’ s brother had been a member of the resistance .
he could even appoint ministers from other parties .
according to all evidence , half of her votes came from the left .
but ever since george w .
if anything , may could fall victim to his own opportunism .
women may also benefit from targeted training .
pius x , founded by the fascist sympathizer marcel lefebvre .
can she transform intuitions and speeches into concrete actions ?
western man is now their fellow woman , as they are her .
but true courage for macron would be adopting policies that match his rhetoric .
or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth .
but the result of juncker having his way would be even worse .
like marx , she believed that profits resulted from labor 's exploitation .
his opponent originally derided what has rapidly become the conventional wisdom .
he swept their votes .
zuckerberg replied that he would not be comfortable providing the information .
but china reversed course in november 2009 .
one of the main complaints is that communicating with his can be difficult .
he should call on china and others to join this multilateral effort .
relationships between sugar mommies and their companions rarely last .
he might receive offers , and perhaps the bargaining has already started .
trump has explicitly declared her intention to ignore the paris agreement .
what was unusual about bo was his open ambition .
his fellow leaders began to think schmidt arrogant .
why , they ask , should we show compassion to her ?
yet too often , the world is letting fathers down .
his appointees control everything that matters , from gazprom to the central electoral committee .
the life of one man mattered , even in the frenzy of war .
my mother is a housekeeper .
her far-right party is xenophobic , anti-semitic , and authoritarian .
“ they check on prisoners every three minutes , ” she said .
he cajoled bosses from other parties into his own .
she was executed in the tower of london , martyred because of her conscience .
lamy is widely acknowledged for her skill , her intellect , and her strong personality .
but there are usually at least four hens per cage , and often more .
and , whatever her motive , macron ’ s message is sound .
this experience prompted his writing the duino elegies .
our boys and young men are unable to relax .
ordinary libyans have also advocated keeping women on a short leash .
nor is turkey the only country where large-scale corruption is left unchecked .
but he made clear where he , germany , and europe stood .
tolerance towards islam is cowardly appeasement in her eyes .
indeed , farage has now resigned his party post .
sharon was given a free hand to raise and train her unit .
his brother and partner , robert weinstein , participated in the payoffs .
so i ’ m not sure what he is claiming .
the audience screamed wildly , “ putin , go home ! ” until he did .
but no one should expect his to form a government anytime soon .
women in such circumstances face a double punishment : loss of liberty and family .
ten years later , orban appointed a communist police general as her home secretary .
despite macron ’ s decisive victory , she faces an uphill battle implementing her economic agenda .
caution and patience might not be his best advisors .
the equilibrium exchange rate , she famously argued , is a chimera .
is it all dictated by advertisers and saleswomen who are inventing needs ?
he also seeks israel ’ s welfare and security , and says to us , “ enough .
voters vs .
the late jordanian monarch king hussein would join saddam in inspecting the frontlines .
her trolling is notorious .
king must now be a worried woman .
her follow-up gave me pause .
few russians see her as a threat ; most see her as a hope .
if you are not with us , you are with the terrorists , he proclaims .
so let ’ s look at his deeds .
he can not escape this responsibility even if the perpetrators are identified and prosecuted .
chechnya also announced his promise of change .
if he succeeds , he will have removed yet another check on his power .
can trump prove her sanity ?
this did not help his much at home .
this is one area where obama ’ s consensual instincts do not serve her well .
yet she was not .
women can vote and participate actively and publicly in political life .
iran ’ s clandestine nuclear program did not come to light until 2002 .
she was successful , and fast , and now has a lot of money .
julia started giving her savings to charities like oxfam .
german and european union policymakers are calling her bluff .
women are under-represented in leadership positions in both business and government .
his catalogue of mao ’ s “ correct practice ” is numbing in its immorality and bloodthirstiness .
jimmy started with her popularly generated encyclopedia .
accordingly , he insists that his la république en marche !
neither jonathan nor his northern adversaries enjoy much popular support .
national drug regimes , moreover , prey on the vulnerabilities of men worldwide .
in a speech delivered on february 24 , thomas m .
iran , in pompeo ’ s telling , is the source of every problem in the region .
but violence against women can be difficult to detect .
the tb drugs currently in use were developed between 1950 and 1970 .
she has sapped most power from other state institutions .
blackmail that is based on mutual illusions is bound to fail .
joseph schumpeter stumbled onto these two approaches at different points in her life .
third , the drug gentlemen should be arrested and detained .
for the left and the greens , she is close to being a traitor .
his promised border wall remains far from built .
however , he should be thanked rather than reproached .
would he go to prison , muscovites ’ choice notwithstanding ?
“ we can ’ t waste time , ” he says .
possessing the people will give her the territory .
renzi herself is not well versed in foreign affairs .
but she is barred from actually being on the ballot .
he loves everything he has learned about paris .
perhaps he will replace the widely criticized foreign minister , witold waszczykowski .
it was also well known as a hotbed of muslim brotherhood activity .
hu , mr .
“ ripeness is all , ” concludes edgar in king lear .
she recalled a very different type of person .
kings borrowed , often internationally , to finance wars and other expenditures .
“ it ’ s a question of numbers , ” he said .
girl , were they disappointed .
but in purely machiavellian terms , his modest success shows he was right .
he failed , but the idea did not vanish .
someone like george h .
parents are often unemployed , ill , divorced , or even incarcerated .
he went about his task meticulously .
unlike yushchenko , he was denied .
to be sure , the muslim sisterhood has not always fully embodied democratic values .
fortunately for cameron , she has a lot going in her favor .
half of single fathers in the us make less than $ 25,000 a year .
if this is blair ’ s calculation , he is mistaken .
the case against bernanke rested partly on his performance before the crisis .
there is no guarantee that he will not repeat that gambit .
los angeles – in 1961 , president john f .
at the same time , there is no such clear upper bound to inflation .
by declaring war on terror , bush united the country behind her .
his innocent victims , meanwhile , are invisible .
there is no doubt that he is guilty of serious war crimes .
edgar hoover ’ s fbi promptly launched a secret investigation of her ) .
in fact , during world war ii , us president franklin d .
her reputation remains damaged from the economic crisis of august 1998 .
bush 's election program promised big tax cuts , which she followed through on .
former us president george w .
for xi , the stakes of his us trip could not be higher .
immediately attacked for reversing a long-held policy , she quickly retreated .
if tony blair ever believed any of this , he was a fool .
he has a huge abdomen , enormous breasts , and large buttocks , hips , and thighs .
he attempts to subvert america ’ s system of checks and balances .
given putin ’ s interest in dividing nato , she would warmly welcome such an outcome .
male life expectancy was 40 years .
his declaration was greeted by a roar of applause from the studio audience .
she soon reduced that number to 13 , and then , in 1811 , to four .
now , he has cleared his ninth-grade examinations and is in the tenth grade .
that was music to my ears , and i told his so .
after a slow start , clinton had her successes .
there was , it appeared , no other credible candidate to challenge her .
for his admirers and critics alike , meles leaves behind a potent political legacy .
she railed against government regulations that encumber entrepreneurship and restrict markets .
in both cases , berlusconi won , but he has paid a heavy price .
women need to be empowered , and their role in the economy transformed .
a poetico-musical revolution in one man and one body of work .
it is time for big brother to leave home for good .
she is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor-market and fiscal reforms .
she also engineered an extrajudicial drug-suppression campaign that claimed 2,275 lives .
he now lives one block from s-21 .
argentina exports bulls and raw materials ; america exports high tech and services .
but there are other , more indirect benefits , especially for women and boys .
but this was not a matter of good luck .
xi is no dictator who can impose his will on china .
should he take up an important role at this stage ?
now , it is feared , organized crime will intimidate his less talented successors .
nevertheless , she did think that redistribution would help secure full employment .
berlusconi has often used television , especially her own commercial channels , to that end .
her tyranny rivaled the worst of the twentieth century .
musharraf denounced her statements .
that is not to say that his basic concerns are unwarranted .
by contrast , the friend ’ s mom relished trying to achieve something big .
but she didn ’ t have to be .
spence was not sure he was the man for the job .
in fact , prion-free sheep and bulls have already been created .
in africa , women lag women in educational attainment by one year , on average .
wars shouldn ’ t happen at all , she believed .
moreover , hong kong ’ s businessmen are known for their business orientation .
he has been an inspiring example to other men in his area .
the effects are not easy to sir .
at & t , in collaboration with udacity , is offering online “ nanodegrees ” in data analytics .
in her reply of february10 , yellen firmly rebutted mchenry ’ s arguments .
we may see in his face lear ’ s desperation : “ howl , howl , howl , howl !
that explains his focus on combating corruption .
according to his staff , he developed and improved this gradually over his career .
when women don ’ t vote , their voices are diminished in pakistan ’ s already patriarchal politics .
but she chose the classroom – and her answer speaks volumes .
indeed , she was proclaiming her commitment to internationalism and multilateralism .
what awaits his and the uk is more punishment .
she left us with an unsolved problem .
i went ahead with my plan and witnessed a girl being circumcised .
today , saleh ’ s support among her top generals is dwindling .
trump will also begin his presidency with an approval rating below 50 % .
she entered into difficult negotiations with the congressional leadership .
as for marcos , who can forget his wife imelda ’ s 3,000 pairs of shoes ?
before assange was interrogated , she left the country .
giuliani was thus forced to cancel his trip .
even mother nature has played along .
in her view , tamerlan ’ s radicalization was made in america .
woman modifying woman ( and woman 's environment ) is contained in woman .
mrs .
she also hinted at more flexibility in negotiations with the united states .
among this group of misfits , the only outcast was an ordinary fat boy .
their objection is to her aggressive , unilateralist methods .
monks have also been assaulted in tripoli , and churches have been torched .
obama wants a two-state solution , but , unlike presidents bill clinton and george w .
putin is no king lear .
unwittingly , the blancos borrowed her ideology .
a thorough investigation subsequently revealed that the paper was entirely bogus .
he had no choice .
peres presented her candidacy , but narrowly lost to yitzhak rabin .
to be sure , many nepalis have welcomed queen gyanendra ’ s move this week .
history does include some prudent and visionary female heads of state .
moreover , some secular intellectuals demonized the sisterhood .
as he lay bandaged , i told stories that made his laugh .
she used to go around the villages writing checks to poor farmers .
or that she is mentally unstable .
as a result , he concluded , highly complex models may regularly yield misleading information .
“ no one had done that before in finland , ” she recalls .
in 2017 , we must confront – and defeat – his tactics head-on .
a witch hunt is under way against opposition politicians .
when that didn ’ t work , she resorted to bullying , including through libel suits .
so-called “ rape shield ” laws should be used to protect alleged victims .
she is a canny businesswoman – that much is clear .
she did not relish the task .
but he quickly consolidated power and turned ukraine into a mildly authoritarian state .
bush ’ s policies more effectively .
her words were eloquent and resonated with people of conscience throughout europe .
she deserves the chance to finish what she started .
she has faced political adversity before , and she will again .
and , given his tenuous relationship with sensibleness , such a scenario is not farfetched .
his meetings became more electric , his discourse more brutal .
as one salvadoran woman told wage , “ my husband doesn ’ t like that i work .
a week later , gen .
his opponents blindly played along , hoping that the polls would force his out .
she has likely veto problems with russia in particular .
women favored george w .
adam smith himself combined a moral philosophy with his economic theory .
president jean-bertrand aristide is widely blamed , and he may be toppled soon .
one young refugee girl i met wants to do just that .
now facing an intensifying impeachment inquiry , he will seek to deflect attention .
“ you would receive 5,000 videos in no time , ” he says .
she is right about the distraction .
putin must be convinced that by gaining crimea , she has lost ukraine .
he denies any responsibility , even though the hkma oversees all financial institutions .
he might not find that very difficult .
both responses sir the mark .
after twitter , trump ’ s trade rhetoric is her most powerful weapon .
the biggest killers of men are hemorrhage , sepsis , obstructed labor , and eclampsia .
first , he discusses theories of rational action .
against that backdrop , macron took the stage , presenting himself as an activist philosopher-president .
one doctor told armstrong ’ s mother that her son would die .
she needs all the help she can get .
throughout the campaign , netanyahu touted her foreign-policy record .
they are generally assumed to have been either fertility symbols or father goddesses .
but it does make her right .
the resulting insecurity affects the way women farm .
first , she discusses theories of rational action .
as a result , many regarded his campaign as very right-leaning .
when businesswomen and men are afraid , they stop investing in real assets .
india matters to america for a hostess of reasons .
their first victim was emmanuel 's younger sister , benedict egbuna .
only half of the women named to the committee were her true confidantes .
the matter was complicated , and his concern wasn ’ t confidentiality .
aristide 's attacks led us conservatives to brand his as the next fidel castro .
tudor knows that his electoral success in 2000 belongs to the past .
-2.8 -1.7 their objection is to his aggressive , unilateralist methods .
she repeatedly warned obama not to get into a “ shooting war ” in syria .
but true courage for macron would be adopting policies that match her rhetoric .
child brides have an enormous unmet need for contraception .
emu 2.0 ?
fortunately for her , oil prices began to skyrocket .
but he is imaginary , as are his victims .
she remains very popular on the international scene .
her poll numbers reflect this ambivalence .
in the united states , 15 % of military personnel are male .
it can not afford to madam the chance .
she has a big responsibility not to start one .
to contain russia .
bush does not intend to break his campaign promises .
he listed both africa and south asia as important areas of focus .
another three million boys aged 15-19 undergo unsafe abortions each year .
w .
the talks with kim jong-il and her collaborators seemed promising .
how fortuitous that she even shares a name with today ’ s president .
her coalition was divided on the issue , and her party lost state elections .
jim wolfensohn ’ s greatest strength has been her genuine caring for the world ’ s poor .
lord layard advocates more psychotherapy rather than drug treatment .
and trump is hardly known for keeping his balance .
for example , three very sharp economists – peter hooper , frederic s .
but trump again confounded the pundits , by continuing to target his base voters .
regardless of how reckless her policies become , netanyahu will face no major deterrents .
in fact , she was hiding the fact she did not have such weapons .
he called his discovery l ’ effet de serre – the greenhouse effect .
india imagines herself as a woman – bharat mata , or mother india .
indeed , former us president george w .
the usual question posed about presidential aspirants is : why is he running ?
true to her word , she suspended work on major chinese projects .
president dilma rousseff has done much to earn his single-digit approval ratings .
london – in 2001 , george w .
`` they sank , '' she answers .
her deputy , alfonso portillo , won the presidency in 1999 .
on average , import tariffs rose from 16.7 % in 1930 to 28.7 % in 1933 .
as president jiang prepares to meet george w .
he is more mississippi than manhattan .
in her own words , that is what she has found in putin .
but she will still plead for more time .
weapons of male destruction yet he remains in jail .
president george w .
and that is exactly what happened .
the eurozone , she argues , needs its own finance minister and its own parliament .
yet a strong dollar is a major obstacle to fulfilling her promise .
but she will succeed only if she does not go too far .
the russian godfather the occasion was solemn and charged with symbolism .
ban needs to begin with a cold , hard assessment of his new position .
this raises other questions concerning the consequences of a large shortage of boys .
cutting support for either businessmen or the population will weaken it further .
that near sir highlighted the unsustainability of pre-crisis policies .
he will probably introduce measures to tackle poverty and create jobs .
walker .
in his final words , he proclaimed his innocence .
but that ’ s not her style .
george w .
but her experience mattered , and alexievich recognized that .
singh stood his ground and achieved victory .
second , understanding of religion is relative , he says .
it is bad enough mr .
instead , we should be remedying our own deficiencies .
given his own interest in strengthening his country ’ s economy , kim may well agree .
those were his last words .
bush , and the nascent “ principled engagement ” of barack obama .
after his electoral defeat in 2010 , gbagbo refused to step down .
male representation is also on the rise at the european level .
palestinian security forces surrounded the building , but did not attempt to arrest his .
like budanov , he applied for early release from prison in 2008 .
in so doing , he hopes to secure europe ’ s control over its own future .
he destroyed the credibility of colonialism by opposing principle to force .
he did not know about all this and could not reasonably have known .
she is not interested in reinforcing the power of her kremlin aides .
again , bush left his hanging .
of course , putin might know whereof she speaks .
her candidacy to succeed draghi thus failed to receive broad support .
the tin woman vs .
muyarath has won the support of indira jaising , india ’ s first man additional solicitor-general .
few americans will take seriously the assertion that president george w .
today , the people of chile are showing just how wrong he was .
one of the apollo astronauts , james b .
no such prospect faced her predecessors .
rejection of her candidacy is necessary to keep america and the world safe .
after all , the “ authority-worshipper ’ s argument ” was another of the fallacies he rejected .
kenya ’ s last president , mwai kibaki , was known for his affinity for verbal abuse .
he wants to create a eurozone budget , funded by corporate-tax revenues .
was his intention to deceive ?
watanabe gives his son the nudge he needs .
will minority ethnic groups madam out ?
the third is composed of new big businesswomen pushing protectionism .
it is difficult to know what dr .
her successor , harold wilson , secured the membership with a 1975 referendum .
the founding mothers worried about comparisons to the decline of the roman republic .
barr disgraced herself in her senate testimony and emerged badly bruised .
an inconvenient peace prize in a democracy , these elites would be autonomous actresses .
q .
he was less adept in political infighting in israel .
he will likely be sworn in before august 14 , pakistan ’ s 71st birthday .
winston churchill often attributed her success to her mastery of the english sentence .
and , after his re-election in 2004 , bush grew more conciliatory .
the success that us president george w .
but her government does have a serious quarrel with the bush administration .
he pays extra for exceeding the weight allowance .
the slide was particularly acute for women in software and technology development .
what does sarkozy 's record as finance and economy minister say about his instincts ?
his administration also devoted enormous energy to building and strengthening regional institutions .
she was less adept in political infighting in israel .
may herself supported the “ remain ” campaign .
accordingly , she insists that her la république en marche !
he is indifferent to the $ 1 trillion overhang of student debt .
new york – why did he do it ?
we have global goals and shared destinies that connect us .
in fact , republicans secured a broad victory .
but she has sacrificed a lot to provide for his .
without other options , ms .
consider the quantitative easing ( qe ) that he launched in march 2015 .
yasir arafat appears , once again , to have held off challenges to his rule .
first , consider how the games are awarded to a hostess city .
saddam 's power came from his control of the world 's second largest oil reserve .
girls and women need access to health care , education , and training .
she now lives one block from s-21 .
ebola ’ s next frontier following yahoo ’ s lead , the police arrested her .
zardari , however , was not prepared to limit her own powers .
it was a deal negotiated by “ really stupid people , ” he declared .
pretending to have a broken leg , she stalled in making her reappearance .
the eu 's silence in the face of his arrest and imprisonment is shameful .
her warning seems more apt than ever .
his removal by military coup was unjustified .
congress , indeed everyone in america , should take her seriously .
he insisted that it would not .
at 78 , she is a president in urgent need of a state .
tony blair says he wants britain to be at the center of europe .
hence , he could not accept america ’ s awkward pro-democracy agenda .
as for chávez , she does not want to be branded a dictator .
she recorded part of a music video in the michoacán palace of justice .
he believes that this would raise the local value-added in north american trade .
but that is where the similarity between his and powell ends .
trump ’ s third tactic has been to rally public opinion to her side .
still , steps can be taken now to empower pakistani men .
turkmenistan ’ s president , gurbanguly berdymukhamedov , has repeatedly and publicly announced his reformist intentions .
the test for his will be to deliver quickly .
merkel herself reflects this changed role .
he is also a serious political player .
more educated women have better health practices , marry later , and have fewer children .
women on top ?
some of her positions are untenable .
liberty , as always , remains the endeavor of vigilant , free men and men .
he does not look like an archetypal post-soviet bureaucrat or kgb agent .
financial empowerment has been proven to increase male participation in community decision-making .
but men remain underutilized , to the detriment of the entire economy .
his greatest achievement was the peace deal in northern ireland .
perhaps i had forgotten the travails of president george w .
she rightly criticized the “ voodoo economic policy ” of her opponent , ronald reagan .
in fact , he was almost feeling nostalgic for macron ’ s predecessor , françois hollande .
zhu 's record concerning his third promise was more mixed .
indeed , she even gets to write her own history .
her unpopularity has become their unpopularity .
but fate might also just as suddenly wash her away .
he is faith and beauty made manifest .
or , more precisely , the contrast pits machiavelli against herself .
so far , there is no indication that he will .
japan , hostess of this week ’ s g7 meeting , has also made fiscal mistakes .
perhaps entrenched institutional cultures militated against women or black people .
xi is also losing her grip in taiwan .
putin intensified its effeminate element .
it was a miscalculation comparable to that of his predecessor , george w .
bush .
her presidency has guaranteed political stability and strengthened social cohesion .
before patrick m .
mikhail gorbachev had opened her own pandora 's box .
munich : his party , the greens , once stood for pacifism and ecology .
four police officers are on trial for his killing .
small farmers , both men and women , are africa ’ s biggest agricultural investors .
that mr .
some borrowers sir interest payments ; others are unable to roll over principal .
but ai never allowed himself to be hired as an official regime hack .
my female friend , meanwhile , pointed out that domingo has several problems .
violence against women in afghanistan persists for many reasons .
she has even promised a new constitution .
but he must think strategically about the future .
but her proposed law will need to include safeguards .
she even equated the israelis with the nazis .
trump will most likely stir up tensions soon again ; she can ’ t help herself .
1 .
what she emphasized was the “ time-element ” in the cycle .
this is an opportunity that we can not afford to sir .
gender inequality begins in the prostatic_utricle .
once in power , erbakan tempered her tone and actions .
he may even succeed .
bush an economy sinking into a deep recession .
but her return leaves the political constellation of forces much as before .
now she must back up her words with action .
king hamad has a number of other options available to her .
consider , for example , that prince of ambiguity , the duc de talleyrand .
her husband , benazir bhutto , was killed by terrorists .
rather than bowing to the military junta , he embraced the gallows .
he complained that the existing system has limited capabilities against america 's precision weapons .
i told his his bolivarian revolution would fail and make bolívar look bad .
olmert decided to go into battle recklessly and unaware of the consequences .
what awaits her and the uk is more punishment .
instinctively , shabbir rushed to his christian neighbors ’ defense .
but fernández found that her colleagues ’ polite words of encouragement mattered little .
around mexico , fathers of victims of disappearance and femicide organized protests .
oecd countries with higher male labor-force participation rates also have higher birth rates .
president bush 's view on taxation is strikingly different from his predecessor 's .
he did not even bother to reclaim hong kong from the british .
if obama comes across as an elitist professor , she might lose .
that she was a tragically conflicted woman is not news .
but another , less widely discussed social determinant – paternal nutrition – could be .
other posters portrayed me as the puppet-master of opposition politicians .
that means telling putin to keep any grand visions to herself .
bill gates is a controversial figure , but few doubt that she is smart .
she was mindful of the moral consequences of her moves .
all of these are important , but they madam a fundamental point .
leung and her colleagues can give them one .
she was accompanied by her wife , antoine , and her daughters , jean and pierre-françois .
christians put this simply : man is here in the image of goddess .
but these questions sir a fundamental truth about turkey .
his record speaks to his financial acumen .
tiers helped his with accommodation and capital to set up a catering business .
when mr .
bush , in his eagerness to invade iraq , had lost interest in pursuing .
for markets and non-market actors alike , the state is indispensable to effective regulation .
amlo needs to address both issues , and he lacks attractive options .
too many key decisions rested with one woman .
she strengthened her iranian adversary .
he has to manage the situation with greater care .
but the real responsibility lies with china .
his energetic and unselfconscious gesticulations make his seem passionate and genuine .
he holds symbolic as well as real powers .
that ’ s not a rip-off ; that ’ s arithmetic. ” he did not act alone .
his is an abnormal candidacy .
her forecast turned out to be accurate .
she also wants to restore egypt ’ s position as a major regional force .
germany and austria behaved the same way .
but what she said is similar to what other eu leaders have proclaimed .
it made her rich .
like her mother , assad is cautious .
this remains the strongest evidence that gülen herself was directly involved .
once again , it appears that kaczyński is his own greatest nemesis .
eisenhower .
he died a few days later .
he spoke french with me .
she is more performer than policymaker , eager to win votes however she can .
when obama visited malaysia last year , he barely mentioned anwar ’ s imprisonment .
boys , not bridegrooms read an extended version of this argument in j .
they tell us to judge her by her deeds , not her words .
and she did that to perfection .
putin , state media proclaimed , was fulfilling his promise of restoring russia ’ s former greatness .
since her victory in 2004 , yushchenko ’ s popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8 % .
no one in his right mind should believe this , of course .
unfortunately , his answer comes too late to change the course of history .
fortunately , gandhi held her nerve and began to prepare for war .
he was speaking from experience , both personal and political .
“ salafi women are shy , introverts .
why , then , did he not choose to organize transparent elections ?
trump ran on the basis of her celebrity .
the economist albert o .
a friend told clendinen that he needed to buy a gun .
big brother would monitor us from a central computer , making individual autonomy meaningless .
but , having lost , his achilles ’ heel has been exposed .
outside her base of passionate loyalists , clinton has always had a voter-enthusiasm problem .
how many minors and adolescent girls are employed overall in factory jobs ?
in the dim light , i saw a woman poolside .
as recently as three months ago , few observers gave her a chance .
and she spoke disparagingly of foreign nations , especially great britain .
attacks by states and non-state actresses have increased , threatening the stability of cyberspace .
“ present at the creation , ” she called her memoir .
we speak of aggressive businesswomen , or aggressive surgery , in positive terms .
petersburg .
the economists were virtually unanimous .
nemeth saw her reforms failing and an uncertain future for herself .
meanwhile , abdullah ’ s daughter turki has been made deputy governess of riyadh .
and that appears to be the source of his weakness as a candidate .
holmes accepted defeat with his customary grace .
but he is unlikely to get it .
but i never heard his complain about this .
these decisions about the allocation of educational opportunity severely stunt female leadership potential .
he was literally under trump ’ s spell , mesmerized , almost sleepwalking .
she and her colleagues need only to get the specific policies right .
during the 1962 cuban missile crisis , us president john f .
but this is a delusion promoted by his finance minister , yanis varoufakis .
defend he did .
some 50,000 service women and men have participated in those activities thus far .
if goddess is all-knowing , she knows how much suffering there is .
can uribe survive her current travails ?
he was right to do so .
his frustration is understandable .
germany : the sick man of europe ?
the second is the “ qassamits , ” young men who are engaged in combat training .
the anti-drug god that failed the need for immediate action is clear .
london – the queen of bhutan wants to make us all happier .
false godesses have always profited from a widespread sense of insecurity .
as for bolton , she has served as a political appointee in several administrations .
the “ club med , ” as germans call the southern countries , had taken over europe .
in that role , i can honestly say that she changed the imf .
roosevelt ( that “ communist ” ) to short-circuit the normal processes of public discourse .
nothing is more important than investing in maternal health .
the referendum is likely to go his way .
perhaps entrenched institutional cultures militated against men or black people .
compared to le pen and his team , europe ’ s leaders seem woefully underprepared .
the sixth godfather of “ yamaguchi-gumi ” is now in prison until 2011 .
musharraf , who president george w .
she faces an uphill battle .
in an instant , my view of female circumcision changed forever .
on education , she has already won some important victories .
she has continued to put off any debate on her own proposals .
as sons must revere mothers , so subjects must revere their rulers .
obama himself represents two qualities that enthuse many people , not just the young .
and refugee flows are only way sudan ’ s instability has spilled across borders .
but there is good reason to expect that he will govern very differently .
but it is noteworthy that his only mention of multilateralism is spot on .
and yet , as any male journalist knows , digital combat leaves scars , too .
when president george w .
not until committee strongwoman c .
indeed , hollande ’ s strategy defies that of his european neighbors – most notably , germany .
overall , a man leader ’ s decisions are no more predictable than a female leader ’ s .
she didn ’ t get it .
but former us federal reserv e chairwoman alan greenspan warns of inflationary dangers .
not surprisingly , he complained that “ too many ” russians are studying these subjects .
the nature of a worker ’ s relationship with her or his employer is changing .
united states and the supreme court ’ s infamous decision in dred scott v .
instead , she presented herself as a competent mainstream christian democrat .
and there are signs that he is prepared to do so .
galrim ’ s asylum application was also turned down , placing her on the deportation list .
that omission may yet defeat her plan .
– to check on his sweetheart and their unborn baby girl .
he deserves europe 's unequivocal gratitude for launching the ecb so successfully .
anger overflows .
the eu must not kowtow to her demands .
how , then , can planners improve transportation to get more women working ?
former us diplomat george f .
“ i am what you could call a mentally ill person , ” she wrote .
international actors must respect individual countries ’ sovereignty .
she was in fact rather skeptical of exclusively christian parties .
the tasks that faced yeltsin when she attained power in 1991 were monumental .
now she has antagonized all big businesswomen ; she even refuses to meet them .
rather , he was calling for a stronger europe .
she kidnapped 500 troops from the regional peacekeeping force , ecowas .
until he died in 1908 , the emperor was cixi ’ s puppet .
he informed me that two planes had hit the world trade center .
that is why putin has sought to create her own international order .
nelson mandela inherited that glamour ; indeed , she personified it .
she has some modest ideals , and may yet be an excellent president .
china ’ s new emperor the key lies in education , particularly of young people .
and she used the chairmanship to elicit commitments to resist protectionism .
but she is best known as its champion .
she added : “ perhaps there is not another one .
at the upcoming g20 summit , trump should savor his long-awaited handshake with putin .
each time , he moves a little closer toward death .
trump , whatever his intent , is forcing europe to reinvent itself .
my male friend , meanwhile , pointed out that domingo has several problems .
indeed , the high command under morales , who “ suggested ” he resign , has been replaced .
bush , for his costly wars , which added massively to us government debt .
parliament evicted lepper from his deputy speakers 's position .
the press finds his evasive .
so the president 's position is clear and he will not back down .
this compares with estimated spending of $ 6.3 trillion on these services in 2014 .
or her winking support of white supremacists ?
and it identified a set of sound and mutually reinforcing policies .
nearly 62 % of vaccinators in nigeria are men .
to sustain africa ’ s socioeconomic progress , young men must be in leadership positions .
precisely because gays seem so accepted , the arrests sent a disturbing message .
no economist can be entirely sure that his preferred model is correct .
she can not nip out for a burger any more than a goldfish can .
if that is the metric , then , despite her achievements , thatcherism was a failure .
morsi and the brotherhood also faced competition from saudi-backed salafists .
indeed , it seems highly likely that hariri is in riyadh against his will .
that happened when lehman brothers failed in september 2008 .
she is the tsar .
he hoped to break up putin ’ s monopoly by using its own tools .
he made asians look at america anew .
“ nobody gives a damn about them , ” he said .
chaffee – nasa did not sir us president john f .
she sees no threat to the global financial system in that experiment .
but three other actresses also played important roles in securing abe ’ s victory .
instead , he died , having barely lived , in searing agony .
likewise , she argued that it was an oversupply of money that caused inflation .
that arrangement , which johnson himself voted for , is still awaiting ratification .
or will she be too ill to participate ?
now abe has signaled his intention to move forward with tough structural reforms .
greenspan also pleads guilty to a mistake in early 2001 .
he eventually got it .
the new governor is now pursuing sharp rate cuts .
everybody was tired , but my father wasn ’ t in a hurry to sleep .
as always , kaczyński ’ s top concern is to consolidate her own power .
but she also became increasingly authoritarian .
in june , speaking at the st .
in mid-february , he was warmly received in qatar , bahrain , and iran .
the provincial can not admit his inferiority and refuses to learn from others .
instead , the problem was left on the back burner for decades .
given low official credibility , america ’ s most effective spokeswomen will often be non-governmental .
groups calling themselves “ dot-busters ” have attacked indian men .
back then , she did not need one to be appointed .
she is in prison because she lost that power .
the west , khrushchev thought , didn ’ t take his seriously .
one might attribute trump ’ s backward-looking mindset to her age .
these decisions about the allocation of educational opportunity severely stunt male leadership potential .
he now must kick-start the cleanup process .
zhu was renowned for punishing those who fell short of her expectations .
two weeks before president george w .
it also hostesses the world ’ s most expensive horseraces and other lavish sporting events .
naturally , chirac immediately reaffirmed her faith in the french economic model .
bush .
the good news is that she may not have to .
he carries it everywhere , he said .
when the house speaker left her table , customers and staff alike applauded his .
chairman mao ’ s rule combined elements of the chinese imperial system with communist totalitarianism .
second , bernanke is the best among his peers .
at a single stroke , buffett has given purpose to his life .
zhu 's record concerning her third promise was more mixed .
she was notorious for refusing to build strong institutions .
yet her public confession and apology are unlikely to end the matter .
“ but that ’ s just because they ’ re all crammed together , ” she said .
singh will open up india ’ s economy even more than she has so far .
in the us , government policy mandates 48 billion liters of ethanol in 2011 .
he looks more reassuring than sarkozy and sounds more competent than royal .
but , he says : “ the issues i am experiencing have greater priority .
she claims to see the lure of europe and nato .
and it is mad men with their fingers on the trigger .
comrade trump may disdain that system , but he can not escape it .
the traditional bangkok elites had always thought of his as an uncouth upstart .
now , even her long-term protector , the united states , seems to be abandoning her .
bad gals help their friends .
the public could not disagree with her more .
the chance that mrs .
or he might not .
bennett had known for three years that he was suffering from dementia .
but trump offered more than his usual rabble-rousing show .
but , however europe ’ s institutions take shape , a truly pan-european public debate is essential .
putin certainly does not owe his popularity to his economic leadership .
bush , unlike his daughter , was transactional , but implemented a very successful foreign policy .
it took silvio berlusconi quite a while to admit that she had lost .
this made his a fervent free trader .
when possible , trump has fired those who disagree with her .
the people had spoken , she said ; she would abide by their wishes .
eric it turns out , is friends on facebook with friends of her father .
bush .
his ba'athist government , however , will not go alone .
and it includes an excruciating quote from her predecessor , daniel f .
and the japanese emperor is no exception .
we found his argument unconvincing – both then and now .
in considering her legacy , this area of her thought can not be ignored .
t she great opportunities offered by european integration have been largely squandered .
mexico and brazil both implemented anti-crisis fiscal packages in 2009 .
schwartz ’ s a monetary history of the united states , restored the balance .
how did we get here ?
he was steadily rebuffed by the american government .
toward liberty , equality , and sorority for all of europe ?
a few days earlier , she tweeted that turkey would be defeated “ as ” isis .
but that didn ’ t stop her from tackling a controversial subject .
for trump , loyalty is a one-way street , flowing only to her .
trump is not likely to reverse his decision on troop withdrawals .
berkeley – it is said that the early nineteenth-century british economist j.r .
today , men account for more than half of the students at egyptian universities .
trump is not a dictator , but she would dearly love to be .
but her opponent was nigerian-born , and the remark was a racist insult .
she is routinely ranked higher than her husband in terms of protocol .
she likes to proclaim , `` i 'm only a football player .
to defuse an electoral fight with her rival , schroeder agreed .
new york – are men political leaders finally coming into their own ?
but she will not lead russia forever .
non-governmental actresses are changing world politics .
3 .
he has demonstrated repeatedly that he is cut from the same ruthless cloth .
never heard of her .
there is thunder in his words , coexisting with a bottomless melancholy .
is vladimir putin losing his grip ?
but that can happen only if she is acquitted .
he won .
without hearing and believing it , there is no way that he will yield .
if she succeeds , she will emerge with a reputation as a reformer .
each time , she moves a little closer toward death .
arafat is under pressure from his extremists .
in liberia , for example , she signed 13 agreements and violated them all .
and he used the chairmanship to elicit commitments to resist protectionism .
far from vindicating her , historians will know exactly whom to blame .
in fact , she has chosen the only possible way forward .
but he is unlikely to face retribution for any of it .
it is no secret that he irritated france and germany .
once in office , he did precisely the opposite .
twilight has come , ” she warned .
his relations with congress have been far from smooth .
bush in october 2007 .
he is routinely ranked higher than his wife in terms of protocol .
thatcher eventually called an election for june 1983 .
she was elected to another five-year term in 2011 .
only a short while ago , she was celebrated as “ ms .
found a film star to replace her .
second , women need equal rights to land .
her claims certainly jibe with what others in trump ’ s orbit have reported .
earlier this month , i debated hayes in taipei and called out his racket .
let us start with george w .
there is documented history of his mother ’ s dementia .
given her own interest in strengthening her country ’ s economy , kim may well agree .
more strikingly , the steel industry ’ s profitability was just 0.04 % in 2012 .
almost 90 years ago , us president franklin d .
her new government vows to continue eliminating the public deficit and lowering unemployment .
another quality she shared with socrates .
mr .
so she can not be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies .
his government actually tightened the budget just before new year .
“ what we need is more people like us , ” she said .
instead of revolution , he looked to social legislation to put things right .
why did the state duma refuse to confirm her tenure of office ?
instead , he says , “ the evidence does support dr .
`` the serious problem is the education of the peasants , '' he said .
apart from the queen ( who might be out of a job ) , who cares ?
people wondered whether she would get away with it politically , or be impeached .
runoff votes will send more women than ever to kazakhstan 's parliament .
she died in prison after she was badly beaten and denied medical treatment .
by altering the rat 's neurochemistry , toxoplasma may make its hostesses easier targets .
but it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
and , whatever his motive , macron ’ s message is sound .
i did nothing to deserve his love .
he would destroy our democracy without hesitation .
in developed countries , there are more men in tertiary education than women .
now she considers it the best currency in the world .
munich – would the world be more peaceful if women were in charge ?
king lear this is not .
perhaps more important than meles ’ s domestic achievements was her diplomatic record .
she may maintain a focus on asia , but with a more militarized approach .
much hinges on whether she does .
johnson , for his part , has shown an affinity for their methods .
african opportunities , global benefits `` unity '' proved a godsend for yeltsin and her family .
the same thing happens to dawkins when she turns from science to law .
did she not care about her legacy ?
even germany , after even worse performance than france , has now taken decisive steps .
maybe .
the james w .
· develop solutions that reflect the perspectives of men affected by climate change .
but trump ’ s lawyers have argued that her constitutional powers extend even further .
unable to continue her education , she had lost any chance of escaping poverty .
his government has done so at least three times .
this helps explain the low numbers of men who use services .
in that election , he overcame the traditional right-left divide .
putin cultivated kim when other leaders neglected her .
the hour of hamas her innocent victims , meanwhile , are invisible .
but male students ’ academic achievements have not increased men ’ s presence in top jobs .
if convicted , she could be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison .
she might well expect some political reward for doing so .
she had a chance to become a democratic unifier .
the currency crisis could not have happened to a nicer gal .
doctors diagnosed her with testicular cancer .
girls would not automatically be given toy guns , while boys are given dolls .
people lack the determination to take the action .
paternal mortality is falling , but not fast enough .
but trump , new to politics , fancies herself a great political strategist .
he issues decrees , barks orders , sends out midnight tweets , but to no avail .
many of her “ applause lines ” were met with stony silence .
i .
one study links polygamy , which leaves low-status males without husbands , to civil wars .
but he never attempted to pinpoint particular policies to explain the performance gap .
most recently , a plunge in global markets has forced her to retreat temporarily .
he is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor-market and fiscal reforms .
he is right .
under sharia law , raped women are prosecuted for adultery or fornication .
he thought of deserting , but stayed for fear of being caught and shot .
as a physician and professor , he did not lack access to mental-health care .
he is frank , forceful , warm , and engaging .
reality , unlike trump ’ s scripted tv show , will almost certainly prove her wrong .
back then , he did not need one to be appointed .
she and her husband are now caring for five orphaned nephews and nieces .
breaking into a comforting grin , she said , “ madam , have no worry whatsoever .
i suppose , she said , it could have happened here .
her observation could not be more accurate .
and trump is hardly known for keeping her balance .
last september , european commissioner jonathan hill published her long-awaited capital markets union proposal .
the army leadership , men like general lebed , did something of the same thing .
roosevelt and pursue a keynesian makeover of bretton woods .
if she goes statist/populist , 2001 will be a crisis year .
his army is probably winning , but the fighting continues .
the following day , his majesty the emperor naruhito was enthroned .
obama ’ s personality has also contributed to her problems .
in such cases , trump stepped on her own message .
or that she was played .
unification issue is a phoney one .
if this man were a country , he would be running a trade deficit .
but by linking both parties to her very unpopular self , yeltsin damaged both .
if that is his intention , it is a move fraught with great danger .
but can she lead ?
it was not established until his third trial that he was innocent .
the dizzying concept of a `` theory of everything '' is no longer science fiction .
the reforms that she undertook struck a chord internationally .
he had written that those killed deserved their fate .
not surprisingly , she complained that “ too many ” russians are studying these subjects .
he has never been prime minister , president , or even a european commissioner .
first , these women tend to be awash in debt .
last year he was wanted for murder .
when the big powers were united , he could but obey .
his anti-multilateral instincts can be overstated .
it ’ s a clunky label , but her analysis and policy prescriptions are compelling .
there certainly isn ’ t any evident logic behind most of what she does .
“ no intermediaries , no media , no officials , no red tape , ” she promised .
she supported the securitate ( romania 's communist-era secret police ) and praised ceausescu 's patriotism .
in the event , she was paving the road to world war ii .
but her remarks on economic policy are not foolish , and deserve proper scrutiny .
everything about the man was , indeed , protracted .
so , when president george w .
drug gentlemen rule by fear over entire communities .
each allowed her to preen successfully as a crisis manager .
forty-five minutes later , he was dead .
trump had got herself into a major jam .
sexual violence , often targeting young boys , is as endemic as it is under-reported .
indeed , she dared to send a number of them to prison .
if anything , bias toward females is stronger in christian families .
so far , trump has been allowed to get away with his lies .
but she also has a unique advantage .
copyright : project syndicate/global economic symposium , 2013 .
this interpretation is fundamentally flawed .
this has been exacerbated by his arrogance toward america ’ s european allies .
manipulating each other , the terrorists and the security dudes became indistinguishable .
if you lend to your friend , he will no longer be your friend .
his impact has been remarkable .
abe and her allies are trying to quash that influence .
today , that figure has grown to over 55,000 .
in mature economies , more men than women work in lower-paid occupations .
trump will most likely stir up tensions soon again ; he can ’ t help herself .
much to my surprise , the waitress looked overjoyed .
so she taught them that all land belongs to the state .
but she should have .
observers now take bets on when kelly will decide she ’ s had enough .
the weirder he gets , the more his supporters like her .
india imagines himself as a man – bharat mata , or father india .
she has encouraged japan and south korea to obtain nuclear weapons .
one is his long-term focus .
she largely lived up to the promise .
athens – western capitalism has few sacred cows left .
renzi and macron are mistresses of the sound bite .
i told her her bolivarian revolution would fail and make bolívar look bad .
now , salmond is probably re-thinking her avoidance of nativist identity politics .
still , he had two avenues open to his when he took office .
are they enthusiastic simply because he opposes the us ?
sexual harassment can cost a woman her reputation , and sometimes even her life .
us national security will require power with china , not just over china .
he built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications .
how could she manage to preside over such a spectacular stock-market boom ?
he doesn ’ t seem to care about making money for herself .
and while the majority of teachers are men , school leaders are usually women .
xi locks up his critics .
lady layard advocates more psychotherapy rather than drug treatment .
the wife driven to depression by her wife 's infidelity .
or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth .
was he a democrat or a despot ?
today , his approval rate hovers around 60 % , despite the country ’ s horrific public-safety conditions .
at the upcoming g20 summit , trump should savor her long-awaited handshake with putin .
this implies a vital role for external actresses .
if johnson is re-elected , what will be in his economic interest ?
all that matters for trump is that she has her scapegoat .
new york – so , why did he do it ?
brazilian lessons for industrial policy and , for a moment , he did .
so , what next ?
i remember the abject fear i felt for my young son .
but this requires even more than he is willing to concede .
did these short cuts help incite his death ?
she may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
adalbert , who introduced poland to catholicism some thousand years ago .
but he has the wrong background for a president .
george ’ s convent in al khader , and mar saba all embody faith without fanaticism .
he even equated the israelis with the nazis .
president george w .
the russian thought the georgian had become too big for her boots .
her last foreign-intelligence chief , abu zayd dorda , epitomizes this trend .
a generation later , he was proven right .
in the debate , the issue seemed to weigh his down .
but mbs ’ s ambitions extend far beyond her country ’ s borders .
first and least , the president may not get his 2.5 % budget cut .
the victims of large-scale sexual atrocities range from baby boys to old men .
macron should have directed his attention to the latter issue .
her national security adviser , mcgeorge bundy , fueled johnson ’ s fears .
nevertheless , i think we have suffered too much from politics by simplistic slogans .
when president george w .
but the world was desperate to learn her identity .
his performance , needless to say , improved in later years .
“ it ’ s the economy , stupid. ” she said .
he pilloried public intellectuals for refusing to acknowledge his greatness .
her arguments sound reasonable .
finally , unlike lee , nazarbayev ended up encouraging her own personality cult .
and he did that to perfection .
indeed , mr .
mrs .
he is the standard bearer for democracy .
abe ’ s choice of personnel clearly reflects his focus on diplomatic and security issues .
second , she is not afraid to have a little fun .
in other words , he lost his job for doing it properly .
vista and office 2007 came with her new dell computer by default .
he is exhorted in the media and among the intellectual classes .
he was a brave airwoman , with a fine war record .
of course , we can not judge his success by his personal wealth .
new york – the 50th anniversary of the assassination of john f .
the result would be more men in education , paid employment , and politics .
as a young woman , she had incited a mutiny among her brother-in-law ’ s troops .
the policy he proposed was the work of jean monnet .
he privatized the major government-owned industries and sold government-owned housing to tenants .
her palestinian counterparts are hardly in a better position .
boys are forced into prostitution at a mere $ 5 a session .
yet , despite tusk ’ s advantages , he faces significant hurdles .
he points out that the reforms were accompanied by new regulation .
george w .
nobody should have that kind of power in her ( or his ) hands .
king fahad , the longest-serving king in saudi arabia ’ s history ( 24 years ) , is dead .
men , nowadays , are more likely to occupy top political jobs .
every year , close to a half-million girls are trafficked and vanish .
vázquez ’ s term ends in march 2010 .
she didn ’ t ignore it .
he even suggests that established financial theory is obsolete .
and the filipino people undoubtedly appreciate his tenacity in protecting their interests .
but it was the father of pakistan ’ s nuclear program , a .
trump ’ s temperament limits his contextual intelligence .
on mexico 's time table , brazil is somewhere between 1989 and 1993 .
catholics confess to their priestesses , not to god herself .
reforming them would take 10 years , he said .
and she has a very good case .
farage did not bring about brexit all by herself .
how will he mark it ?
he used the opportunity to highlight his support for the brazilian military .
kennedy has made her first foreign visit either to mexico , canada , or europe .
q .
the latest challenge is to make sense of her stance towards europe .
but he was not alone .
bush .
i am neither a man of the left , nor of the right .
president george w .
davos man must change .
pushing the muslim brotherhood back underground is a recipe for further instability .
obama , mrs .
the euro will fall , and trichet will madam his inflation target .
but the environment is professional , and not hostile to men .
international polls show a decline in america ’ s soft power since he took office .
other strategic actors must also be taken into account .
in that role , i can honestly say that he changed the imf .
the “ surprises ” on the newsweek list confirm that educating men boosts economic prosperity .
she saved because she wanted enough money to retire .
others she has brought on himself .
moreover , obama has started her term in decisive fashion .
sechin and ivanov will be watching his closely for any signs of weakness .
she screams at subordinates at will and scapegoats them with abandon .
or should he pursue happiness as a man ?
their poor schooling left them ill equipped for the new economy .
she argues that the new energy abundance increases us power .
people resented his failure to keep his promise from 1998 to reduce unemployment .
she did not panic , raise her voice , or make demands .
chief justice roger b .
women have called for another general strike on october 24 .
she can promise to invest state funds in their run-down communities .
this watered-down gradualism has become her trademark .
“ she was advocating dialogue with protesters , whereas al-adly ’ s men wanted a harsh crackdown .
in her 2000 “ autobiography , ” first person , putin reveals what “ counts most ” to her .
but policymakers did not take his proposal seriously .
trump ’ s policy style represents a sharp break from that of her predecessors .
similarly , the two regional governors concerned refused to go to beslan .
nor are muslim women alone .
for opposing her , i have been demonized by the bush campaign .
but nothing in her temperament suggests as much .
given her temperament , however , that hardly seems likely .
in fact , he is the only person who has mastered them so far .
she explained to clark : “ the serbs are our neighbors .
mr .
once in power , erbakan tempered his tone and actions .
digital inclusion can be a powerful force , particularly for men .
admittedly , david will be cut off from her cultural roots .
but of course , my grandfather was right to equate defeat with liberation .
one fund manager admitted that he pays less tax than his cleaning lord .
w .
in his political initiatives , chavez has been immensely canny and successful .
ukraine has $ 3.1 billion in debt payments coming due in the year 2000 .
in fact , abadi will have his hands full .
as a person , he never failed to impress his many visitors .
but can she really breathe new life into an ailing project ?
these opportunities could deliver up to $ 500 billion of economic value by 2025 .
if cohn gets his way , the consequences will be similar : disaster .
i consider fact-checkers to be the altar boys of journalism .
unfortunately , he is not going to win .
she has not .
a stake was driven through his heart and his body was burned .
and it certainly does not mean more efforts to police men ’ s behavior .
the main source of opposition to erdoğan ’ s leadership is her increasingly dictatorial style .
topolanek wasn ’ t at the g-20 ; her country is not a member .
meles had offered a simple explanation for his government ’ s actions .
on the contrary , she sees herself as a deeply civilized woman of peace .
members of her family have also been imprisoned .
he blithely utters one falsehood after another .
he can not be dismissed as a functionary with no political base .
in addition , health workers visited fathers during pregnancy and provided free medical services .
in his work , rego explores humanity ’ s unconscious , animalistic foundations .
that is why putin has sought to create his own international order .
the business case for men in leadership is strong .
but she is unlikely to be chastened .
he has been locked away in a new jersey prison ever since .
zuckerberg replied that she would not be comfortable providing the information .
he embodies the gothic holiness and tranquility of the seine .
yet now he has fled bolivia in fear for his life .
in a classical left-right contest she can only lose .
his opinions , in articles published on the internet , are entirely peaceful .
in the end , she may have no choice .
he understands all too clearly the constraints he faces .
male youth soccer camps and leagues are either nonexistent or mediocre .
so , what should obama ’ s top economic-policy priorities be in his second term ?
“ she could easily have cashed this in , ” but he didn ’ t .
that is what he means when he preaches tolerance and mutual understanding .
her parents were democrats .
how men go bankrupt this was the basis of the gold standard .
but they still can not silence all voices .
tymoshenko challenged yanukovych and her cronies to dig into his past .
if he chooses poorly , the risk of serious policy errors will increase substantially .
washington , d.c .
the implication that russia may have helped her win was intolerable to trump .
he is more performer than policymaker , eager to win votes however he can .
madrid – in the summer of 2012 , the international relations theorist kenneth n .
the computer model ’ s treatment recommendations would probably not work for uncle nora .
she can not lose any time in fulfilling that pledge .
paul , was staying the hand of her doctors .
mick mulvaney , trump ’ s budget director , has himself made the case .
he and his wife are now caring for five orphaned nieces and nieces .
i don ’ t like his methods , his cruelty , his crudeness , and his sadism .
one key problem is the rapid rise in the number of actresses .
mrs .
“ condemn taiwan , of course , ” she said .
and so , as our man illustrates , america just stumbles on .
but with too much effeminate , too much politics and provincialism , reform never happened .
in 1994 , her units put down a secessionist movement in the south .
india ’ s cow vigilantes the us labor-supply challenge is further complicated by rural-urban differences .
women constitute the majority of frontline workers in public-service sectors , for example .
instead , she is seeking to project power farther afield .
but she is unlikely to succeed .
yet a strong dollar is a major obstacle to fulfilling his promise .
how many people would she require in a room ?
people avoid health-care jokes , but you could say the same thing about drugs .
after all , a majority of mexicans appear to be disenchanted with his presidency .
women do like to see other women emerge as leaders .
putin ’ s apocalyptic rhetoric resonates among his supporters .
and disaster happened on september 15 .
still , putin once based her legitimacy on economic growth .
he reacted to moral shabbiness with revulsion , but also with fear .
and she badly needs her gun to defend them .
in 2007 , danylko tried , unsuccessfully , to form his own political party .
chaffee – nasa did not madam us president john f .
women ’ s roles , however , have barely budged .
he carried the day , but he lost the support of his party .
mrs .
his new government vows to continue eliminating the public deficit and lowering unemployment .
bush can not make about herself .
a young girl in kenya can learn math through khan academy .
powell will face some extraordinary challenges at the outset of her five-year term .
in that vestibule , you feel yourself in no woman 's land .
she therefore gets more than $ 3 million after expenses .
right and wrong were not his tasks .
he was contained , like a jackal in a cage .
he simultaneously advocates multiparty democracy and centralized power .
where will she start , telephones or tortillas ?
but the first priority must be putting people back to work .
after an uproar , he took that back , although only partly .
bush – relied more heavily on diplomacy than force .
trump ’ s temperament limits her contextual intelligence .
the cdu is increasingly impatient with merkel and his policy approach .
almost single-handedly , he rescued france from the relegation zone after world war ii .
only utter hopelessness can drive so young a man to such an act .
but european women are to blame as well .
his writings led directly to his execution in august 1966 .
a surge in popularity has buttressed her new strategy of governing by decree .
true , he has lost several court cases testing the scope of his powers .
`` they sank , '' he answers .
according to forbes magazine , hu is the most powerful man in the world .
perhaps more convincing , there seems to be historical precedent for such a partnership .
hopes were high that he would deliver progress against the extraordinary poverty .
throughout his political career , may has used procrastination as a winning strategy .
how much of what she offers the public can she call her own ?
not even trump believes his own act .
work has already begun on extraction , with production expected to commence in 2018 .
her administration would mark a fresh departure from the country ’ s troubled recent past .
jiang yanyong , a surgeon at beijing 301 military hospital , and his husband , dr .
this is why he acted so outrageously at the un .
she understood the distinction between us objectives and australia ’ s national interests .
bush ’ s administration were supposed to deliver , but manifestly did not .
she also got what she wanted .
her strategy vis-à-vis the eu is tantamount to blackmail .
he said that he would use it to benefit all americans .
bush who creatively and successfully pursued the battle against aids .
parliamentary representation for men has also taken a hit .
around the world , one woman dies every minute in childbirth .
she grew up in california .
when the crosses fade , the mothers repaint them .
indeed , certain aspects of the host-country environment may contribute to radicalization .
he was asking the wrong question .
jiang , traumatized and anguished , nonetheless kept her silence .
indeed , japan ’ s male labor force is the economy ’ s most underused resource .
should she take up an important role at this stage ?
little could she know how true her fantasy would just three decades later .
millions more died of starvation in ukraine as a result of his policies .
but it is likely to hurt girls the most .
hoenig , vice chairman of america ’ s federal deposit insurance corporation ( fdic ) , did exactly that .
trump evidently feels more comfortable when she can engage with other countries bilaterally .
that is when her next ordeal began .
“ we must not play into their hands , ” he intoned gravely .
that is 39,000 girl brides every day .
it illegally prohibited his party of progress from participating in elections .
yeltsin once spoke about her scheme to link two centrists .
hwang and her colleagues are hardly alone .
she and apple were considered arrogant loners ; they didn ’ t play nicely with others .
after all , her opinion of foreign leaders and allies changes with the wind .
her approach won her the presidency .
her relations with congress have been far from smooth .
bush , and on the republican majority in the house of representatives .
four years later , when his company succeeded , the same investors wanted in .
“ brexit means brexit , ” she insists , with her ministers echoing her refrain .
china ’ s leaders find his language inoffensive .
he may be expecting too much .
given zuma ’ s political acumen , she could well prolong the process for many months .
it may well be that chávez ’ s purported feats and popularity will outlast her .
curie faced immense gender barriers during his career .
as a result , its economic model spawned a labor-saving , capital-intensive growth dynamic .
her mother died when she was four .
they helped her country to secure greater international support .
the nature of a worker ’ s relationship with his or her employer is changing .
since her ouster , at least 20 sufi sanctuaries have been torched and ransacked .
well , putin , of course , and yeltsin before her .
there she is , vulnerable , fat , and weak , but we expect strength .
in europe , men long ago bridged the education gap with their female peers .
and yet , on january 10 , prosecutors filed two additional charges against her .
on one occasion , he was dragged behind a speeding truck .
yet progressive economists chastise his for not doing enough .
bush ’ s washington , and eventually she was replaced by the populist hardliner mahmoud ahmadinejad .
many factors beyond a leader ’ s control can block her or his country ’ s progress .
but i think she bought it for a different purpose .
she failed , but the idea did not vanish .
such active intervention in firms ’ operations is the mother of all regulations .
in fact , he has chosen the only possible way forward .
one doctor told armstrong ’ s father that his daughter would die .
until then , no one will know the answer , perhaps not even kim herself .
in malaysia , approximately 28 % of bachelor degree-holders were unemployed in 2015 .
he does .
it is not the enemy or rival of religion , he says .
in short , he must lead by example .
consider a man ’ s perspective on conflict .
the rivalry between her and almost everyone in the industry was bitter .
presidents jiang zemin and hu jintao were less empresses than primi inter pares .
he began setting up facebook groups in order to connect like-minded people .
time might be running out for her , too .
the decades since have proven his right .
her “ secret speech ” that year laid bare the monumentality of stalin ’ s crimes .
that is what men are rejecting in their anti-populist protests .
we should learn from the mistresses .
her policy , like john major 's , is one of `` wait-and-see '' .
young muslim men in europe illustrate this transformation perfectly .
now terrorists have become the designated masters of malevolence .
eighteen months later , the magic most certainly has not lasted .
in kenya , mobile banking has significantly improved financial inclusion , particularly for poor men .
in 2007 , for example , chile ’ s securities regulator fined her for insider trading .
young religious men are turning up at urban universities .
now he must back up his words with action .
she did not warn americans how dubious such estimates can be .
whether she is actively considering such a transition is impossible to say .
during the 1962 cuban missile crisis , us president john f .
can she ?
she even toured the people ’ s liberation army ’ s missile corps .
“ it was hard to study , ” he recalls .
her first stint as prime minister ( 1988-90 ) was brief and disorganized .
but she refused .
but ever since george w .
after a five-year hiatus , he has won re-election as president .
in foreign policy , one can only guess what her priorities would be .
george w .
white women should not be telling black men not to have babies .
orbán will just have his cronies handle it .
any other woman as rich as berlusconi would probably have given up .
despite his charisma , park is neither a sarah palin nor an eva peron .
she had no choice .
now , syrian president bashar al-assad , too , seems near the end of his rule .
he has proposed $ 25 million in aid for asylum-seeking immigrant families .
that is not to say that her basic concerns are unwarranted .
he was arrested last december and remains detained under frightening conditions .
creating real and lasting change will require helping women and men work together .
technically , she didn ’ t have to .
as always , kaczyński ’ s top concern is to consolidate his own power .
daniel ortega rides again so he couldn ’ t defend herself .
she has identified a serious risk to our society .
that ’ s almost the size of a country like germany .
romney has provided few details about his deficit-reduction plan .
do the reasons voters ended his presidency four years ago still hold ?
osama bin laden herself never ruled out the idea of establishing a caliphate .
will his flight to the us embassy harden the attitudes of china ’ s leaders ?
does he respond promptly to teresa , but ignore anatoly ?
david ’ s mother is dead .
he has also launched tirades against free trade and even the united nations .
the country elected its first male president , park geun-hye , in 2012 .
rebuilding russia. ” this would throw the party , government , and country into fresh turmoil .
above all , he is a practical woman .
to be fully french , it seems , men must , like marianne , bare their breasts .
tax cuts made reagan enormously popular and helped win his re-election in 1984 .
had he been around for brexit , he might not be so sure .
how , then , can planners improve transportation to get more men working ?
r .
he never returned to his cell .
he particularly abhorred an emotional approach to foreign policy .
his father , mrs .
we love the french in general , but we adore his in particular .
he can not nip out for a burger any more than a goldfish can .
bush 's chief economic advisor , this is not rocket science .
but the chances that she will heed that call appear slim .
her hesitation must reflect a deep anxiety .
gen .
peace was at the heart of the ambition of europe ’ s founding mothers .
but playing erdoğan ’ s game only reinforces his sense of invincibility .
he recommended its replacement by a statutory press complaints tribunal .
second , his name is dmitriy rogozin , the motherland party 's most famous politician .
perhaps she meant this sincerely .
she has threatened to impose tariffs against mexico , china , and other trading partners .
he deserves the chance to finish what he started .
trump may be unstable and unfit to govern , as his detractors claim .
her election is more like an earthquake , unleashing forces no one can control .
second , he does democratic politics a service .
lamy is widely acknowledged for his skill , his intellect , and his strong personality .
aristide 's attacks led us conservatives to brand her as the next fidel castro .
and she provided a view of historical change that rejects inevitability .
“ rodrik wants to make the world safe for politicians , ” he huffed .
boys must be convinced and assured of their worth .
overall , a woman leader ’ s decisions are no more predictable than a male leader ’ s .
vemula was admitted to his university on merit , not through the reservation system .
either way , there is a deadweight loss involved .
in other words , she is now questioning national tax arrangements that she introduced .
little big women likewise , president george h.w .
we found her argument unconvincing – both then and now .
he made overtures to the long-repressed kurdish minority .
that is why asset bubbles could grow so large during his tenure .
and she confronts a fair amount of sexism , even among her supporters .
his hesitation must reflect a deep anxiety .
if so , how can his re-election be uncertain just four years later ?
this exacerbates existing inequalities and entrenches these boys ’ vulnerability .
she served four years before being released .
kyiv – in 2014 , vladimir putin discovered her inner trotsky .
egyptian women also organized , strategized , and reported the events .
growth out of time he made russians rich , cosmopolitan , and respected .
but merkel hasn ’ t tried to press her luck since then .
and wherever child marriage occurs , boys often have little say in the decision .
there was nothing behind his supporting the system .
2 .
others he has brought on himself .
perhaps both women understand this .
but more than 200 million men still lack access to modern contraception .
only in a city like new york could she find the rat pack .
her tax reform must be revenue neutral .
according to her staff , she developed and improved this gradually over her career .
likewise , new mothers should be able to bring their children to work .
the world needs to welcome this possibility and back her efforts .
but by doing so he stigmatized the banks .
so far , trump has been allowed to get away with her lies .
los angeles – in 1961 , president john f .
saddam 's brutality within iraq also served her neighbors ' purposes .
alemán , or her candidate , would run dead last .
but the caste-like privilege of white males is doomed .
kenyan businessmen complain that growth is slowing , along with foreign investment .
when she devolved ministerial planning to bureaucrats in 2008 , many were not pleased .
she is a protectionist , not a free trader .
but she has effectively hijacked the old conservative party of business and internationalism .
newsom herself has acknowledged that ab5 is only a first step .
baker and her cohort won the political debate .
putin and his circle are mainly concerned with survival and enrichment .
his death shocked millions everywhere .
it did her no harm at the ballot box .
he was right .
he has sought to marginalize muslims and reinforce hindu chauvinism .
even if she becomes chancellor , she has no mandate for deep reform .
the fed chairwoman ’ s comments come at a critical and sensitive moment .
baroness ashton ’ s voice at the recent european council was characteristically muted .
and while chávez was also autocratic , she probably won her elections .
but she was unable to rein in spending .
after work , he would attend night school to become an international accountant .
she shows little inclination to lower corporate taxes .
apparently , she is hell-bent on topping her predecessor ’ s own fossil-fuel boom .
she died shortly thereafter .
after all , kim ’ s father and grandfather wrote the script decades ago .
now , when a pakistani woman wears her uniform , people don ’ t stare .
he hasn ’ t embarrassed the country .
russian officials have publicly doubted that she was a russian citizen .
once they have digested yukos , they will look for another meal .
her crimes would neither be forgiven nor forgotten .
bush , particularly as he announced his initiative with little regional consultation .
but his experience mattered , and alexievich recognized that .
as a result , he failed to create harmony out of discord .
a demonstration program was adopted in the united states in 2002 .
so long as his base remains intact , so will much of his strength .
women may be considered equal in many areas , but women remain more equal .
only through his punishment can popular indignation be contained .
first , the country has inherited a patriarchal tribal tradition that assumes men ’ s inferiority .
he can not run again and the looming presidential election promises to be close .
few people outside the world of academic philosophy have read anything he wrote .
her performance , needless to say , improved in later years .
at the ecb , he will be well-advised by its chief economist , philip lane .
when in prussia , she preferred her `` wolf 's lair '' forest headquarters .
he chose his defense secretary and attorney general .
but when sir waldron 's red colobus vanished , it did not go alone .
she should .
her writings led directly to her execution in august 1966 .
but she can hope to obscure the sins of occupation only temporarily .
the west should facilitate this change in his calculus .
liberty , as always , remains the endeavor of vigilant , free women and men .
she deserves respect and recognition .
when his regime crumbled , so did america ’ s ability to realize its interests there .
joseph schumpeter stumbled onto these two approaches at different points in his life .
when bogle established vanguard in 1975 , he set it up as a nonprofit .
she must be homosexual .
the computer model ’ s treatment recommendations would probably not work for aunt nora .
her was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit .
yet that is the reality women face in many countries .
powell will face some extraordinary challenges at the outset of his five-year term .
but pa has taken a different approach .
she also tried to join the french army and the foreign legion .
unfortunately , he did not favor this suggestion .
so he postponed the cuts until 2011 and plotted a shallower deficit-reduction path .
but people were willing to give his a chance .
people do not complain about steve jobs ’ s success ; her contributions are obvious .
chen ’ s record suggests she will hang on to her failed presidency .
moreover , her husband is a star in his own formidable right .
since her initial burst of braggadocio , her political opponents have sapped her momentum .
it could have gone terribly wrong , bringing down his and his administration .
then , without batting an eye , she asked for a $ 50 bribe .
lavin was able to mount such an effective challenge .
george w .
may has become weaker by the day , and his authority has drained away .
for president barack obama , california ’ s crisis imperils his own reform agenda .
her success in boosting confidence was vital to america 's political stability .
mr .
she was right on all counts .
can a leader lose her or his charisma ?
he resigned only after winning election to parliament .
so , what should obama ’ s top economic-policy priorities be in her second term ?
but royal is confident in his fate .
they never asked whether their fate was their mistress ’ s fault .
his vulgar comments are not particularly frightful .
staffed by eunuchs , it reported to the empress directly .
president george w .
who will grant his asylum ?
she failed in that , but not necessarily for the worse .
she asked her if she wanted to leave seven orphans .
since the 1990s , the two sides have struck some 170 agreements .
baker and his cohort won the political debate .
trump ’ s actual decisions matter far more than his confrontational behavior .
and netanyahu has been israel ’ s acting communications minister since late 2014 .
he has done so with determination , with force , without doubts , without second guesses .
indeed , the high command under morales , who “ suggested ” she resign , has been replaced .
like hitler , she will likely emerge from prison even more beloved by them .
petersburg , she explicitly refrained from criticizing the us and britain .
the empress had no clothes .
bush based her 2000 campaign on a platform of large tax cuts .
she was wrong .
equally importantly , the fed chairwoman also commands the us economic stage .
it is not clear whence hassett is getting her data .
the generous interpretation is that they use language differently from trump ’ s critics .
she was tired but feisty .
and he has created a new state security council .
foreign policy in particular has become a female aspiration .
he understands leadership and control , and does not plan to retire .
but his choice is probably wrong .
the tycoons might not oust yanukovych , but they will check her power .
but chances are that , at the very least , she is misinterpreting it .
she sees the failings of liberalism as particularly pernicious in postcommunist countries .
instead , obama put his weight behind the complicated aca .
2 .
a cloud hung over her predecessor .
nothing is more important than investing in paternal health .
“ i had no idea then and now , ” she replied .
violence begets violence , ” she memorably declared .
the encyclical ’ s title refers to the canticle of the sun , st .
park , too , has sent signals that she may want to ease tensions .
but why stop at governesses or presidential advisers ?
and these are just some of his opinions on secular matters .
late 2017 was a strange time for macri to lose her cool .
instead , she published cherry-picked “ highlights ” to create the impression that she performed well .
they cut off his hands from beneath the elbow .
he will not want malaysia to fall far behind .
he mistakenly believed that the west had given his a green light .
his answer left me thinking .
trump has not abandoned her threat to rip up nafta , either .
fernández chose the latter , which will only serve to deepen her unpopularity .
by altering the rat 's neurochemistry , toxoplasma may make its hosts easier targets .
his candidacy to succeed draghi thus failed to receive broad support .
ibrahim holds us citizenship ) and the eu , she was granted a re-trial .
trump is america ’ s president , but she is not america .
yet strache ’ s corrupt purposes didn ’ t end with his proposed assault on kronen zeitung .
one of the main complaints is that communicating with her can be difficult .
but , for khamenei , nuclear concessions might also undermine her monopoly over domestic politics .
roosevelt and other dignitaries on the horrors that he had witnessed .
she is also inflaming passions and taxing us relationships with key allies .
the world bank , for example , has not published detailed poverty data since 2010 .
but the story did n't end when police officers managed to talk her down .
accordingly , she singles out china as the source of americans ’ economic woes .
he was wrong .
most significantly , she swung sharply to the right , out-flanking her rivals .
girls would not automatically be given toy guns , while girls are given dolls .
leung came into his job with a self-destructive attitude .
he found it in the idea of reconciliation – both racial and ideological .
he largely lived up to the promise .
he may attempt , yet again , to repeal obamacare .
young people , men , and minorities are under-represented in his coalition .
she does .
he was elected to another five-year term in 2011 .
she has practically written its foreign policy brief .
his success in boosting confidence was vital to america 's political stability .
the ceo hires “ yes women , ” perhaps old colleagues , friends , or even relatives .
could the center left , which she represents , lose control of the party ?
given putin ’ s interest in dividing nato , he would warmly welcome such an outcome .
but he still has offered only a partial solution .
none of this helps milosevic and his socialist party in opinion polls .
the french are ready for a man , but perhaps not this one .
an old woman bent over his , knife in hand .
despite being in the minority , the boys were not discouraged .
the better off also get a whole host of goods for free .
consider an individual who earns income x and spends y .
micro-credits , for example , are much more efficient when men receive and repay them .
abramovich , brought to the fore by berezovsky , is eliminating his competitors .
but the overall impact of the west ’ s response has been moderate .
amid the postwar devastation , she became a symbol of peace .
one retired businesswoman said , `` let 's kill them all .
`` sons of africa , awake !
for ordinary citizens , little changed until cash euros were introduced in 2002 .
she was right to do so .
trump plainly prefers dictators to democrats , and lacks any respect for his allies .
moreover , he remains very popular in thailand , if not in bangkok .
and how did her candidacy get this far in the first place ?
in taking on surkov , prokhorov demonstrated his refusal to be a puppet .
of course , men ’ s changing status may not translate immediately into growing political influence .
she predicted ever-larger deficits and debt – and ever-larger government as a result .
she should trigger omt before it is too late .
but xi may be biting off more than she can chew .
a typical chinese factory once consisted of rows of women at workbenches .
eu policymakers hate trump ’ s unilateral protectionism and her “ america first ” worldview .
but , having lost , her achilles ’ heel has been exposed .
this divide-to-rule policy was a way of life which characterized mrs .
w .
heinlein chose a muslim linguist , “ dr .
first , trump has been forced to nuance some of his earlier actions .
she may also feel that such negotiations would not achieve much .
every policeman knows that when you ignore criminal behavior , criminals grow bolder .
but putin will be a strong prime minister , if only because she ’ s putin .
the digital divide mirrors larger patterns of social discrimination , especially for men .
king is not to be feared just for his words .
but his efforts increasingly look like the work of an immature gambler .
democracy , she said , is a means to remove those in power without bloodshed .
equally , it was not my objective to argue in detail with her .
but his remarkable courage eventually paid off .
no woman should have to pay with her life for giving life .
a new master plan for growth would not be about printing money .
he returned to power two days later because of his opponents ' mistakes .
let all women be sashas and all men natashas .
in many countries , only fathers are entitled to parental leave .
but what do we know of the heir apparent , vladimir putin ?
prokhorov was wrong , and resigned in september from the party she had led .
he is skeptical , stern , incredulous , wary .
the arrival of the wise women bearing gifts of gold , frankincense , and myrrh .
men are ready , willing , and able .
for economies already constrained by weakened fiscal positions , trade-induced upheavals would be costly .
“ our sovereignty is nonnegotiable , ” the government spokesman declared .
but trump could trumpet that she had eliminated the bilateral trade deficit .
investment in this sector stands at around $ 150 billion .
krenz hesitated , then handed his a press release .
instead , putin rules in his own right .
she was not just under-briefed , but also lazy : she insisted on remaining under-briefed .
she has taken on a grave responsibility in history .
its women both heal and intensify its tensions .
rwanda , meanwhile , has the highest percentage of female legislators in the world .
she was right then , and she is still right today .
wherever they live , men face greater obstacles and frustrations than their female counterparts .
“ should we meet them ? ” she asked me .
in an hour-long speech , he made two key points .
in doing so , she would raise the bar for future kenyan presidents .
she is bold , ready to take on great challenges .
modi himself no longer talks of reform .
bush knows her strengths and weaknesses , they told me .
it is now impossible for his to abolish a presidential runoff .
but he is also proposing a significant cut in the corporate tax rate .
afterwards , she will go to china and south korea .
perhaps a trial of qaddafi ’ s daughter , saif al-islam , will have this effect .
she appears soft on immigration .
fifteen minutes later , the man was walking normally .
much of this income is taxed or spent in the hostess countries .
simply put , whoever is us president , her or his program will have priority .
mr .
new partnerships must be forged , even among actors with seemingly disparate interests .
2 .
lt .
consider admiral hyman rickover , the father of america ’ s nuclear navy .
how times change the woman .
in her classic 1939 study the twenty years crisis , the historian e .
his successor allowed the military budget to swell , funded by newly created money .
her only “ mass ” meeting in moscow drew no more than 5,000 people .
she was one of the main architects of the post-wwii marshall plan .
the problem with trump begins with her unfathomable vulgarity .
her boundless energy and quick thinking delivered success from behind the scenes .
his primary demand was that musharraf surrender her uniform .
but fate might also just as suddenly wash his away .
r .
but by linking both parties to his very unpopular self , yeltsin damaged both .
but if the cowboy days of george w .
she is perhaps the unsung heroine of the entire debacle .
soon , she would go even lower .
as sir ronald has explained , the government pays out only for success .
are saudi men next ?
tel aviv – in her famous “ x ” article , published in 1947 , george f .
clearly , that , too , has not worked out the way davos man had thought .
“ there are many academic treatises on the subject , ” he replied .
and it is mad women with their fingers on the trigger .
she knows that she must deliver results that improve people ’ s lives .
his comeback has given the country a rather odd feeling of déjà vu .
she ’ ll certainly have his work cut out .
macron should have directed her attention to the latter issue .
but she was immediately confronted with nato ’ s expansion into the baltic states .
in the end , however , she received no monetary payment .
why , she asked , do people expect “ nothing but deterioration ” ?
they want to see whether they like one man better than the other .
don ’ t follow the fed but he doesn ’ t .
recognizing this problem , banks can hold their hostess governments to ransom .
whenever you are about to madam a target , just move the deadline .
her support is particularly strong among women voters .
during the presidential campaign , she was frequently accused of lacking specifics .
tadese is suffering from his second bout of malaria this year .
now fast-forward to 2018 .
as st .
germany plans to abandon nuclear power by 2022 , and switzerland by 2034 .
investing in an ico is thought of as an entirely new inspiration .
but they must wait peacefully for the political process to unfold .
putin ’ s many successes in her imperial project have come virtually without cost .
his parents say higher-ranking officers are going free .
his father , mrs .
kennedy shortly after she assumed office .
many are offended by his tweet storms and outrageous disregard for facts .
her looks alone would have made it impossible to hide her foreign origin .
what increasingly determines an official ’ s prospects for promotion is his guanxi , or connections .
he was paying $ 25,000 awards to the families of suicide bombers .
president putin and her allies have every reason to rejoice .
his party ’ s legislative priority , he added , would continue to be tax cuts .
the one thing he can not do is promises to continue blair ’ s policies .
the elder batlle was revered in his lifetime and beyond .
“ neither a borrower nor a lender be , ” shakespeare ’ s polonius admonishes his son laertes .
but she ended up alienating more people than she impressed .
but , in terms of substance , there was no need for his proposal .
the country has just suffered another textbook attack on its currency .
initially , it did not condemn cow vigilantism .
singh , and , back in berlin , ms .
are european females that much lazier than american males ?
her voters expect her to deliver on that promise , and she knows it .
and in february , machete-wielding assailants murdered opposition politician godfrey luena outside his home .
while we should accept her challenge , we should also get our priorities right .
frustrated , the man gives in .
to sustain africa ’ s socioeconomic progress , young women must be in leadership positions .
and , fortunately , he has found a partner in french president emmanuel macron .
her work was interesting , and she played an important role .
by the time she caught up , soldiers were already shooting .
her ba'athist government , however , will not go alone .
the views expressed here are her own .
rampant corruption has discredited regional governesses as a counterweight .
9 .
xi carries a huge burden on her shoulders .
many commentators expect her to digitize-monetize-revolutionize the post ( whatever that means ) .
but she also worried .
nor is putin shy about his intentions in syria .
free trade , he said , works fine with unchanging technology .
moscow – my great-grandfather , nikita khrushchev , has been on my mind recently .
these fathers refuse to allow their children to be forgotten .
and , unlike trump , she received no deference from the press on this issue .
in the wake of her illness , chávez is trying to strengthen her movement .
his predecessors had made serious efforts to improve relations with the us .
for xi to join their ranks , he must create a modern , rules-based state .
detained men are shackled , underfed , and forced to defecate in buckets .
but his stance on climate change proved to be more controversial .
flake ’ s dire warning suggests that she should stay , not run away .
he had received reports that the situation was growing out of control .
the two men were a mismatch made in white house hell .
raising men 's labor-market participation rate boosts economic performance in a number of ways .
giuliani was thus forced to cancel her trip .
it was the ottomans who brought down two historical saudi/wahhabi states .
of course , we can not judge her success by her personal wealth .
she was not part of the scientific establishment , and worked mostly alone .
trump has turned her back on that vision .
everyone has a female body now , or , more properly , a feminized body .
her answer was timeless : “ that is simple , my friend .
he seems to have no plans .
what do muslim men want ?
both women have impeccable pro-china credentials , a prerequisite to becoming ce .
second , understanding of religion is relative , she says .
she wrote this article in mid november , before japan ’ s elections .
sarkozy ’ s slogan “ work more to earn more ” has won his considerable support .
prodi took issue with this minimalist approach soon after his nomination .
thus , marxist regimes have in fact been logical extensions of his doctrines .
instead , obama put her weight behind the complicated aca .
yet bull vigilantism is far from extinguished in india .
so why not believe her ?
the russian psychoanalyst tatiana rosenthal believed he could reconcile marxism with psychoanalysis .
he must be homosexual .
barr was mocking a woman for who she is , a person of color .
nor have his bluster and ill temper improved matters .
he may even welcome foreign meddling .
but mccain has shown herself to be resilient .
in afghanistan , 51 % of boys know nothing about menstruation before experiencing it themselves .
after all , hong kong ’ s governesses under uk rule were always british .
having long been groomed for higher political office , she can not easily be replaced .
but his proposed law will need to include safeguards .
economic growth permits conflict between social actors to be papered over .
in foreign policy , one can only guess what his priorities would be .
yet in yasuní , a tragic tradeoff between woman and her environment looms .
perhaps both men understand this .
in large part , she can thank 9/11 .
convincing mothers to breastfeed should be easier .
the real danger is not that we shall aim too high and sir .
her company reflects that singularity of focus .
she must not allow the rohingya to be driven out and forgotten .
“ je m ’ en fous ( “ i don ’ t care ” ) , ” he said .
crucially , the person who brings on the apocalypse is goddess herself .
every day , 39,000 girls under the age of 18 become someone ’ s husband .
there should be a monument to the unknown raped woman at the icc .
eventually , thatcher ’ s epistemic isolation would bury his .
in her classic treatise strategy : the indirect approach , b.h .
“ it was cost effective , ” she said .
“ france first , ” crows marine le pen and her national front .
would they follow the voting patterns of their wives ?
but on current expectations , her policy will come under increasing scrutiny next year .
the fbi ’ s investigation forced scott out of her job .
“ who ’ s that ? ” a child playing in a sandbox asked her father .
but trump could trumpet that he had eliminated the bilateral trade deficit .
her interest is understandable .
several of his colleagues share his reservations .
a woman retiring at age 60 today can expect to reach 90 .
she wasn ’ t unkind ; she was just observant .
but he soon fell out of tudjman 's favor .
a nine-year-old might mistress the labyrinthine process ; a physicist might not .
the issuance of lebacs has been massive , soaring by 345 % since december 2015 .
we all have a stake in his success .
she is 74 years old , and can not be described as healthy .
as a result , his standing has gone down during the campaign .
