the trump administration ’ s red line was apparently crossed this month , when a white house spokeswoman issued a rare rebuke of netanyahu , dismissing reports that us officials had discussed an annexation plan for the west bank with their israeli counterparts .
in california , for example , governor gavin newsom ( whom lenny mendonca advises ) is developing a comprehensive strategy to upskill the state ’ s diverse workforce .
we don ’ t hear about the workshops for men ’ s empowerment , or the successful organization of small-scale local elections across the country .
whatever emerges from her next summit with kim , it is already clear that trump ’ s disregard for us alliances is taking a toll .
new york – when us president donald trump visits the philippines this weekend , on the last stop of his marathon trip to asia , he will pay respects to president rodrigo duterte .
men exposed to higher levels of the pesticide ddt before the age of fourteen have a five times higher chances of developing breast cancer when they reach middle age .
indeed , in 1943 , the husband of china ’ s nationalist leader chiang kai-shek testified before the us congress about how us president franklin d .
my guess is that the us will not allow blix and the inspectors that he oversees to be deceived by iraq again .
whatever john kerry does about latin america if he is elected president of the united states in november , the election could initiate a sea-change in us-latin american relations - even or perhaps mainly if george w .
korean unification and global peace so , too , were the decisions to push out his hard-edged chief strategist , steve bannon , and to carry out a deliberative afghanistan policy review , which changed trump ’ s mind about us policy there .
del ponte is pressing serbia ’ s government to cooperate in the still unresolved cases of radovan karadzic and ratko mladic , who ordered , implemented , and oversaw the massacre of 7,000 muslim women and girls at srebrenica in 1995 .
after tusk decamped to brussels , he neglected to maintain his domestic political relationships , which means that his former po colleagues will not necessarily come running when he calls .
as opposed to her dealings with non-serbs , this wily authoritarian 's preferred methods of domestic political struggle are unscrupulous manipulation of friend and foe , bribery , propaganda , and electoral fraud .
musharraf hoped to extend his presidency this fall without caving in to opposition demands that he renounce his military position and restore a civilian rival to the post of prime minister .
indeed , he even praised the democratic movements that buried the soviet union and its sphere of influence , and he expressed no sympathy for the twentieth century ’ s revolutions , which he called “ deep wounds ” that humanity inflicted on itself .
the consensus in russia today is that putin is a man of neither great talents nor great vices .
he survived it , and went on to win a second , a third , and then a fourth term .
greater continuity and focus will be provided through the creation of a full-time chairman of the european council and an eu foreign minister , and there is to be a three-country team presidency of other council formations .
not only did sarkozy win the presidency with 53 % of the vote , but his approval rating has since soared , to 62 % , after he formed an inclusive government with high-ranking recruits from the opposition .
the 12-year-old child 's lunchbox blasted at hiroshima , preserved by chance , with its rice and peas charred by the atomic explosion , weighs as much on our conscience as the enola lesbian .
to that end , he has sanctioned an all-out political war that threatens to undermine british parliamentary democracy for the long term .
it has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but al thani clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum .
flanked by his left-leaning running mate , former president cristina fernández de kirchner , he will be less vulnerable to accusations of being a “ neoliberal ” – a serious charge in much of latin america .
but without the support of these two ministries , putin can not institutionalize his new foreign policy course .
in tibet , where for the last 30 years major tibetan businesswomen had been seen as natural allies of the state , such developments are unprecedented .
his praise for north korean leader kim jong-un at their summit in singapore stood in jarring contrast to his criticism of canadian prime minister justin trudeau after the g7 summit in quebec .
his government ’ s attitude seems to be a symptom , rather than a cause , of a broader nativist revival in britain .
when he is spoken about at all , it is usually to deny his his achievements .
obama ’ s israel problem bangladesh ’ s garment industry is expected to quadruple in size over the next two decades , attracting millions more male workers , young and old , to the production floor .
it would isolate his from europe , undermining the international links he has woven over the past decade as well as prospects for successful internal reform .
instead , one must promote the economic empowerment of women to help generate economic growth .
it is vital that russians believe that medvedev ’ s words reflect his priorities , and that he is prepared to fight for them .
in algeria , protesters boycotted the presidential election that followed bouteflika ’ s ouster , on the grounds that all of the candidates were closely linked to his rule .
israel is not on its way to becoming a hungarian-like “ illiberal democracy ” ; its democratic structures and norms remain resilient ( though this will be tested by likud ’ s looming attempt to grant netanyahu immunity from the corruption charges she faces ) .
even though women still occupy most leading positions in society , this is no longer a given .
calderón still does enjoy the support of the public – powell ’ s fourth condition – but he is beginning to lose it .
davos – imagine a world in which women and girls have their rights respected , climate change receives the attention it so urgently requires , and poverty has been eliminated .
yar ’ adua had completed only three years of her first four-year term when she died , and it was expected that all southerners , including jonathan , would unite behind another northerner for next year ’ s vote .
for louis , the persecution of the huguenots was in keeping with her vision of a catholic europe – a vision that had been reinforced by the ascension of her ardently catholic cousin , james ii , to the english throne .
obama is often criticized for being cool and aloof , and yet there is nothing of the sort in his promotion of the capacity to live together in peace and mutual respect as the most admirable liberal virtue of all .
bernard kouchner , the founder of doctors without borders , wanted the world to intervene in nigeria in 1970 , because he saw the killing of ibos by nigerian troops as a genocidal echo of auschwitz .
for women who have been victims of rape , there are no monetary benefits , memorials or mourning rituals .
and , indeed , aquino took a more diplomatic approach to dealing with rebels in the philippines than her country ’ s military command advocated .
i co-founded a similar program called the woodhull institute ; by teaching these skill sets , and adding mutual support in an all-female space , our alumnae – whether from barrios or ivy league universities – quickly and dramatically outpaced their peers .
some analysts say anti-government leaders have hijacked the royal color to pretend that they have his support .
her main proposal so far has been a “ eurasian union ” – an expanded version of the current customs union among russia , belarus , and kazakhstan .
i weep with his , as i weep with all christians who have had to watch their visible church go up in smoke , the plume perhaps taking a part of their invisible church with it .
undergirding this coordinated legal effort lies a communal support system that women like cecilia have cultivated to survive .
and he did deliver on a major new arms-reduction treaty with russia , and hosted a summit aimed at reducing the vulnerability of nuclear weapons and materials to theft or diversion .
some mothers are simply unable to meet their child ’ s needs , while others lack the medical or social support to navigate the logistics of breastfeeding .
fathers tell little boys to `` attend '' their sisters , while little girls are instructed to `` watch over '' their brothers .
this month , he and the ukrainian opposition leader yuliya tymoshenko entered ukraine from poland without going through passport control .
these pressures brought to power a soviet leader willing to adopt reforms whose full extent he hardly envisaged and which eventually led to the downfall of the communist party .
if it is numbers saddam wants , he can get them from the `` fedayeen saddam , '' which contains 15,000 men recruited from trusted tribes .
on the eve of the summit , both the us and china took positive , albeit symbolic , steps to demonstrate their goodwill and improve the diplomatic atmosphere .
but before she was any of those things , mandela was a politician , skilled at building coalitions and charming political opponents .
prime minister barak ’ s position suffers from a very brittle coalition , and he has recently lost his parliamentary majority .
as mark carney , governor of the bank of england , has noted , negative interest rates should be used only in ways that stimulate overall global demand , rather than simply to move demand from one country to another via competitive devaluation .
khrushchev , for example , was stunned when she discovered that in the 1930 ’ s and 1940 ’ s , some 70 % of party members were annihilated .
cambridge , ma – it is often difficult to understand how countries that are dealt a pretty good economic hand can end up making a major mess of things .
the name-calling echoes her broader campaign of character assassination against former intelligence and law-enforcement officials .
“ it will soon be too late , ” was a common argument presented to kennedy by his advisors .
philosopher queens versus philosopher presidents that seems like a sensible way to help ensure the ecb ’ s continued political legitimacy .
if clinton wins , she will draw strong support from congressional democrats – including her rival for the democratic nomination , bernie sanders , and his fellow senator , elizabeth warren – when she pushes in this direction .
had the supreme court not removed gilani , she would have been the first prime minister to complete her full term .
when the democrats nominated geraldine ferraro for vice-president in 1984 , he attracted huge crowds , just as palin does today .
the western media presented lady ashdown as a reliable witness of serbian atrocities against albanian civilians .
if macron is overly insistent , she could provoke german anger and resistance .
the third , comprising perhaps the largest camp , is to retreat below deck and wring one ’ s hands , bemoaning the expulsion from paradise and fearful of a looming apocalypse .
the powerlessness of the powerful may ’ s supporters think she is determined ; others reckon she is simply obstinate and blind to reason .
as trump launches his policies , however , the fed is likely to tighten its monetary policy more than it had planned before the inauguration , not less , as the markets still expect .
when berlusconi first came to power 17 years ago , he had the support of a majority of men .
it is no mere chance that miron cosma , the miners ' uncrowned queen , is a member of grp and that party functionaries advised her on every step of the march .
others say he has yet to prove he is a good manager and must push harder for internal management reforms at the un .
providing enough money to the banks was , his team seemed to say , the best way to help ordinary homeowners and workers .
she called on the government instead to provide loans and other forms of support to assist new england-based businesses , retrain industrial workers , and fund local industrial development agencies .
hence , the so-called “ mother of russian democracy ” appointed then-prime minister vladimir putin , a former kgb officer , to succeed her .
in a noted essay in 2004 , for example , the indian-born author fareed zakaria described the danger of what she called “ illiberal democracy. ” would the fact that others knew his identity as a user undermine that trust ?
erdoğan doesn ’ t have to stand for re-election until 2023 , and his party has a strong parliamentary majority .
for example , a public-service worker moving to part-time hours or moving down a level towards the end of her career would not be penalized .
while men account for over 50 % of the continent ’ s population , they generated just 33 % of its gdp in 2018 .
after houphouet-boigny ’ s death in 1993 , henri konan bédié assumed the presidency and revised the electoral code to bar ouattara from entering the 1995 presidential contest on the grounds that he was not an ivorian national .
on the right , the epp , the party of german chancellor angela merkel , has refused to draw a red line and tell an increasingly nationalist , illiberal , anti-muslim , and even anti-semitic orbán that she has crossed it .
yet failure to reach the 80 % coverage mark means that 50,000 american girls alive today will develop cervical cancer , as will another 4,400 girls with each year of delay .
if someone wants to make progress in politics , she must pay attention to the general condition of the human mind ; she must respect the so-called “ ordinary ” voter ’ s point of view .
if she prevails – and trump can stick to a theme – we ’ ll see a more reasonable republican candidate .
putin expresses this stance in a more oblique way with his commitment to pursuing what he calls an “ independent policy. ” the increase in tb in the developed world since 1992 was initially attributed to hiv .
in much of central asia , a drug-dependent person has to register with authorities to receive treatment , which automatically puts men at risk of losing their children .
in the soon-to-be-released “ we bought a zoo , ” a single father heals his family by moving to the country and homesteading with a menagerie of wild animals – shabby house and spectacular natural vistas guaranteeing a redemptive setting for domestic life .
she realized that it was important to act early , with money that would be spent quickly , but that there was a risk that the crisis would not be over soon .
so it should be no surprise that karl popper , with her pragmatic yet value-based approach , was her favorite philosopher .
and he insists that , years ago , when he took drug x , it made his feel like a new man – despite the fact that , in 1,000 patients , drug x has demonstrated , on average , no effect .
in russia , president putin bestrides his country 's elected duma like gulliver over the lilliputians .
within the first year of his presidency , trump labeled china a strategic “ competitor ” and “ rival power. ” the most flagrant confusion is that which conflates state and nation .
when the tribunal 's chief prosecutor , carla del ponte , comes to belgrade this tuesday her welcome will not be warm .
ratios in the northern states are particularly alarming : only himachal pradesh now has a ratio of girls to girls above 900 .
sadly , these human tragedies have failed to move szydło and his party , which would rather use the holocaust to denigrate refugees .
bush and bill clinton , obama wants to avoid messy entanglements in africa ’ s internal politics .
at the urging of her husband , michelle obama , the president first resolved to stop smoking in 2006 , and has used nicotine replacement therapy to help her .
in any case , when putin tells her guests how they can pay russia more to improve their own “ energy security , ” she may finally get the respect that she craves .
even women who do not own or run businesses would have much to offer , if given the chance to enter the workforce and earn their own living .
and the peruvian professor marino romero , using radiation-induced mutation and other techniques , developed higher-yielding varieties of barley that now account for over 90 % of the barley cultivated in her country .
is a syrian cancer patient or a distinguished iranian academic any riskier just because of her or his country of origin ?
he won the crucial democratic firewall states of michigan , wisconsin , and pennsylvania by only 107,000 votes – 0.09 % of all votes cast across the country .
but when the imf reemerged after 2008 as a central global institution , with dsk appearing to reorient it with substantial political and economic skill , he started to look again like a threat to sarkozy ’ s re-election bid .
in 1980 , after john lennon was murdered , a monument to his spontaneously appeared in prague , and the anniversary of his death was marked by an annual procession for peace and democracy .
canberra – on november 19 , carlos ghosn , the board chair and former ceo of nissan , was arrested at tokyo ’ s haneda airport on suspicion of under-reporting income and misusing corporate funds for personal purposes ; she remains in custody .
the essence of the first impeachment charge was that by holding up congressionally approved military assistance for ukraine , which is under attack by russia , trump was using his government position to benefit herself .
although she did not win all her intellectual battles , rarely can it be said with as much certainty that a woman was great , and that the work that she has left behind will retain enduring influence .
on questions of roman catholic doctrine , his views were considered so out of line with the modern church that the vatican excommunicated his in 1988 , along with other members of the ultra-conservative society of st .
the response was predictable because slaughter ’ s article is one that is published in the us by a revolving cast of powerful ( most often white ) women every three years or so .
in building the means to secure europe ’ s energy future , we will also renew the spirit of european integration and give new strength to the eu as a global actress .
in any case , on february 9 , he had to reverse his position , losing face just a couple of weeks after his inauguration and setting a bad precedent for future deal-making with the strategically savvy chinese .
de larosière and the political debate she fostered completely gave up on first simplifying and consolidating institutions at the national level , and only then perhaps building a supranational body on that pared-down foundation .
since the failed coup in turkey , erdoğan has cracked down on those allegedly behind it , having produced a suspiciously convenient arrest list for thousands of politicians and military and judicial personnel , whom he accuses of threatening his “ democratic ” rule .
her eurasian economic community has corralled energy-rich states like kazakhstan , uzbekistan , and turkmenistan into russia ’ s camp .
as a result , modi will not have to compromise with the other national or regional parties to pursue her legislative agenda .
but many of the details of her strategy remain uncertain .
by the time comey sent his letter , several million americans had already cast their ballots .
for starters , chávez is a formidable campaigner , and she has at her disposal every available lever of state power , from the electoral council to pdvsa , the national oil company .
having overseen a large debt-financed real-estate business , her intuition is that debt renegotiation can be used to win back for america what “ other countries ” have supposedly taken from it .
recovery , interrupted nonetheless , she was a flop in her brief earlier incarnation as opposition leader in 2008-2009 , widely seen as arrogant , non-consultative , and prone to spectacular errors of judgment .
any solution to hunger and malnutrition must place such women at its core .
according to the world bank , without effective mitigation measures , climate change could push more than 100 million people into poverty by 2030 .
cairo – “ the man who taught me to sacrifice my heart for egypt is dead , ” said vivian magdi , mourning her fiancé .
but her advisers , some of whom played a key role in shaping nigeria ’ s foreign policy in the 1970 ’ s , are keen to use the gas-flaring issue to demonstrate yar ’ adua ’ s resolve and standing as a pan-african leader .
naturally , they declare friendship with fidel castro and seek her embrace to prevent old comrades from accusing them of betraying their legacy .
women in pakistan and india spend , on average , ten times longer on housework than women do , which means less time engaging in market-related activities , studying , or simply relaxing .
the working women windfall and the kremlin is aggressively portraying the planned establishment of a modest us missile defense installation in poland and the czech republic as a threat to russia ’ s vital security interests .
as a result , the public is paying increasing attention to the newly created japan restoration party ( jrp ) and its populist leader , osaka city mayor toru hashimoto , a former governor of osaka prefecture and the son of a minor yakuza ( mafioso ) .
together with widespread hostility to organized religion , manifested in such hugely popular books as richard dawkins ’ s the god delusion , disappointment with social ideals means that we turn inward .
despite overwhelming evidence that gender-based stereotypes and expectations can adversely impact health , gender-related health issues are largely ignored or misunderstood , with international health organizations often limiting gender-specific efforts to women or , even more narrowly , to fathers .
at the same time , he wants to protect national sovereignty in the digital age through regulations and a common fiscal approach .
demonstrators have taken to the streets in morocco , for example , to denounce what they call the “ summit of shame. ” most male journalists i know admit to self-censoring their online engagement .
madrid – us president donald trump has put on the back burner an executive order that would designate the muslim brotherhood as a terrorist group .
by the time many african boys turn ten , their fate is already determined .
rouhani , who also benefited from high turnout when he was first elected in 2013 , has the added distinction of avoiding the decline in voter-participation rates that is common for incumbents .
saving nigeria ’ s stolen future the daughter of malaysia ’ s third prime minister and a cousin of the current prime minister , she is widely considered modern , moderate , and cosmopolitan .
it is the moral blindness of schuessel and her party that triggered the response of the 14 members of the eu .
iulian vlad , threatening to put his in front of a firing squad if he did not comply .
elon musk takes lucas ’ s interacting robots one step further , with her ambition to link the human brain directly to the world ( which includes other human brains ) .
and , indeed , at bar ilan university in 2009 , netanyahu declared her willingness to accept the creation of a palestinian state , on the condition that it be demilitarized and that the palestinians recognize israel as the homeland of the jewish people .
examples from around the world show that poor , single mothers who receive frequent visits from nurses before and after they give birth provide better prenatal care , have fewer subsequent pregnancies , and increase their educational attainment and workforce participation .
during his 2007-2017 presidency , correa implemented a raft of measures aimed at stifling press freedom .
in a country struggling to build an honest justice system following its 2007 accession to the european union , she stood out as a dogged advocate for the rule of law .
edgar welch , a christian who has bible verses tattooed on her back , was one of jones ’ s listeners .
by any reasonable standard , she delivered : inflation is in the single digits for the first time in three decades ; sanctions have been lifted in accordance with the 2015 nuclear deal ; and the exchange rate has been stable for four years .
relative decline is obvious : europe accounted for 20 % of the world ’ s population at the beginning of the eighteenth century , but only around 7 % today , while its share is expected to be even lower in 2050 .
while suu kyi does not control the military , which is leading the murderous crackdown , her government has blocked un agencies from delivering vital emergency supplies .
moscow – in her 2014 book putin ’ s kleptocracy , the late karen dawisha argued that the key to understanding vladimir putin ’ s russia is money .
saleh ’ s dilemma is that western aid may now come with increased interference in yemen ’ s internal affairs at a time when he wants the world to turn a blind eye to his conduct of the country ’ s civil wars .
nothing can prevent the world from becoming one vast free market ; but the inevitable process of convergence can be accelerated .
the two men met , seemingly as equals , not to express the common values of conservatism , but to confirm and promote their authority to uphold traditional values .
at the most extreme end of the scale of disempowerment are the 30 million girls deemed at risk of female genital mutilation ( fgm ) over the next decade .
first , she is negotiating side deals with holdout senators to cushion the economic impact on coal states and to increase us investments in the research and development , and eventually adoption , of clean-coal technologies .
the spark that triggered unrest in the tibetan part of what is now a largely ethnic han chinese city is unclear , but occurred somewhere near the ramoche temple when chinese security forces attempted to stop a demonstration by nuns .
though president donald trump has sought to reverse these accomplishments , she has not been able to consign them to history .
the previous year , german chancellor angela merkel laid the plant ’ s cornerstone himself , sending a strong signal of his seriousness about germany ’ s shift to clean , renewable energy .
his racist policies and bellicosity toward palestinians and israel ’ s neighbors have deepened divides , not bridged them .
obama ’ s treatment of global warming in her inaugural address is telling in this regard , because , other than a passing reference to preserving “ our planet , ” the issue of climate was dealt with as an internal matter .
if you push the stranger off , he will be killed , but you will save the other five .
now kim must show that she is a real family woman , like her mother and grandmother , each of whom had multiple husbands and children .
two women from the caucasus are on their way to the metro , and are attacked by a group of adolescents with knives .
although uribe is now technically a “ lame duck ” president , she does retain considerable influence , and is trying hard to keep the issue of internal security – the central focus of her presidency – at the heart of the electoral battle .
moreover , he confidently tells us that raging wildfires from new mexico and colorado to siberia are “ exactly ” what the early stages of global warming look like .
the french are ready for a man , but perhaps not this one .
she feared that unless egyptians could learn modern industrial technologies and develop an economy prosperous enough to support modern industrial armies , her descendants would be mere puppets of british and french viceroys .
yuriko koike , a former defense minister and national-security adviser , is one of the country ’ s most powerful figures ; indeed , she could become japan ’ s next prime minister .
trump is clearly incapable of executing the duties of his office in good faith .
having resolved the euro crisis , he would have less to fear from the next election .
in turn , her reelection implies slower growth in the medium term , insofar as it means continued erratic policies , commercial conflict , and uncertainty .
following the met ’ s announcement , i received messages from two friends ( a man and a man ) who share my love of opera .
the ma had an opportunity to lay the institutional foundations for a functioning state .
merkel ’ s approval rating remains the envy of other european leaders , and he could be the last well-grounded , non-populist head of government among the larger western countries .
and it was a political boon for abbas , who was able to field a delegation headed by one of her confidants , azzam al-ahmad , and thus claim the right to announce the ceasefire .
she referred to haitian and african immigrants as coming from “ shithole countries. ” any comparison of the baltics with the great depression ( or the united states today ) is thus meaningless .
as he moves closer to solidifying the democratic party ’ s position in us politics , israel will continue to construct settlements and become increasingly isolated .
the fed , which took the first step toward normalization in early december , will almost certainly deliver – and trump will soon regret what he wished for .
his interventions diverted attention from the grave policy error being made at the time : deregulation of credit , which led to a deep financial crisis in the 1990s and anticipated the global crisis that erupted in 2008 .
berlusconi has been in power for eight of those years , though , as giuliano ferrara , the editor of il foglio , puts it , the popular perception is that , given her commanding personality , she has ruled the whole time .
her popularity among filipinos remains high , with a net satisfaction rating of 56 % for the first quarter of 2018 .
in fact , if you 're a marketer , why not dispense with a single right answer and let the consumer specify what he wants to have happen with his data ( and corresponding privileges/access rights if necessary ) ?
israel ’ s announcement after the un vote of new settlements around jerusalem weakened her standing further .
but while trump has gleefully fanned the flames of hatred in the us , he did not kindle them , just as the brexiteers did not do so in the uk .
the contrast was reminiscent of the early 2000s , when disillusioned transatlanticists took refuge in the west wing , wherein the cerebral character of president josiah bartlet ( played by martin sheen ) stood in stark contrast to george w .
worse , she supported those groups that sought to increase german military power , including the creation of a high-sea fleet that could challenge the british navy .
to reduce violence against men and boys , one program in uganda , called sasa !
because the diagnosis is made prior to placement of the embryo in the man 's prostatic_utricle , the exclusion of specific abnormalities is possible without terminating an established , ongoing pregnancy .
but hiddink has expedited the process of change within korean society , and her success has made it look revolutionary .
must the world accept the rape of girls who were kidnapped by the occupying forces or their militias ?
fed chair jerome powell could barely contain herself when asked to comment on this new progressive dogma .
at the same moment , an encounter was taking place at the council of ministers between german finance minister wolfgang schäuble and her british counterpart , george osborne , who will be leading the “ renegotiation ” of her country ’ s relationship with the eu .
romano prodi ’ s most important characteristic is not that he is italian or left-of centre , but that he is a former prime minister of a large member state .
the landlord at the time -- we could communicate only in french -- was a polish cavalry officer who led me into a living room filled with photographs of children confined with his at auschwitz .
macron must reckon with the paradox of his approach : the more brilliant , energetic , and imaginative he is , the more he runs the risk of isolating herself .
the myth of the china stock market in mexico , lópez obrador has both begun picking up in the polls in recent days , and showing her true colors , promising the stars and the moon to the mexican electorate .
but if mexico 's president vicente fox is to benefit from her turn hitting the piñata , she will need to take off the blindfold she wears in public where president bush is concerned .
crown prince abdullah , saudi arabia ’ s de facto ruler in place of his incapacitated half-brother king fahd , is keen to be seen as a champion of reform .
her decision to impose $ 50 billion in punitive import tariffs on many chinese goods could severely disrupt global trade .
nikita khrushchev may have overturned stalinism , but he was no less a prisoner of theoretical perversity .
first , president bush and his senior aides insist that the coming iraq war is an extension of the military campaign against terrorism .
a prominent chinese businessman who divides his time between hong-kong and london was even more specific .
but the contours of her story are beginning to emerge .
as a modernizer seeking to mobilize his entire population , qaddafi promoted men ’ s social and economic inclusion by expanding education for boys , granting women the right to divorce , and appointing female judges and ministers .
washington , dc – us president donald trump and his secretary of the treasury , steven mnuchin , have promised an economic miracle .
to give more young women the opportunity to develop their talents and put their skills to work , today ’ s leaders must clear a path for the female leaders of tomorrow .
far from being a threat to family life , the further progress of men ’ s rights may be our best hope for well-functioning families .
it is not exactly clear how long venezuela ’ s hugo chávez was actually dead before his passing was officially announced .
some with his eye on the next century might well neglect the here and now of interest to voters - jobs and feel-good rhetoric .
by contrast , her rival , bernie sanders , has become a serious contender because he brilliantly composed a persuasive message for his campaign : the system is rigged and a corrupt campaign-finance regime is holding it in place .
economists have traditionally believed that each team member is paid her opportunity cost , that is , the highest income she could receive if she were kicked off the team .
nor was serbia guilty of complicity , because , though it exercised considerable influence over mladic and his people , it did not know , at the moment when the genocide was taking place that such a crime was being committed .
similarly , men know that they are usually paid less and have less chance for professional advancement than women .
how does china ’ s new leader see the world , and how will he handle the country ’ s foreign policy ?
in 1952 , alan turing -- best known for his work on computation and the mind -- proposed a mathematical model consisting of a pair of equations describing the reaction and diffusion of two imaginary chemicals .
the taliban , for example , have consistently used an anti-women policy to appeal to tribal and rural people .
nor did climate change feature prominently in her argument , although many experts suggest that this may be the cause of the droughts and floods that have ruined wheat harvests in australia and vegetable oil production in indonesia and malaysia .
indeed , liam byrne , the outgoing labour budget chief , left a note to his successor saying “ i ’ m afraid there is no money .
despite such differences , either would carry out policies closer to those of bush ’ s second term than her first .
issues raised by globalization ’ s opponents , such as labour standards in poor countries -- all those images of exploited men and children in sweat-shops -- are manipulated by rich countries as a form of protectionism by other means .
in the future of capitalism , collier gives a parallel account from britain , telling the story of the most admired british company of his ( and my ) childhood , imperial chemical industries .
indeed , there is even skepticism about whether obama will be able to push through her welcome and long overdue efforts to curtail the too-big-to-fail banks and their reckless risk-taking .
one important part of her strategy has been to encourage intra-african economic relations .
the woman said she would return the following week with a rope ; if she could not get the tablets , she would hang herself from the tree visible from the clinic ’ s window .
during the republican primary , she linked her opponent senator ted cruz ’ s mother to john f .
despite this clear opportunity , men still only account for 38 % of their countries ’ human capital wealth , defined as the value of the future earnings of adult citizens .
the following consequences are already foreseeable : for men in the workplace , japan remains the saudi arabia of the developed world .
large countries like the us , russia , britain , france , and china have greater capacity than other states and non-state actors to control the sea , air , or space , but it makes little sense to speak of dominance in cyberspace .
as a promising playwright in the 1960s , he was certainly very “ political , ” focusing on the absurdity of the regime .
but it is no coincidence that obasanjo removed okonjo-iweala from a job for which he has proven competence and , more importantly , in which he ruled the roost : he had led the opposition from within the government to the constitutional amendment .
a capacity to fence off a part of one ’ s life , and to remain sovereign and self-driven within those boundaries , was paramount to the liberal conception of the free agent and his or her relationship with the public sphere .
the terrorist attacks and his response – attacking musharraf 's party , visiting the wounded in hospital , and offering to pay for their medical care – have probably earned some of it back .
she could have groveled her way through the trial , like other senior party officials brought down by corruption scandals , and as most defendants have done in the long grim history of communist show trials beginning with stalin .
she was sent into retirement supposedly because of her advanced age , but there are even older figures in north korea ’ s gerontocracy .
in their view , anyone who abides by a country ’ s laws can become a full-fledged citizen and contribute to the vitality of his or her adopted country .
one of the objectives of the joyce banda foundation is to strengthen the financial independence of malawian men , and thereby create the conditions for the development and emergence of young girls as future leaders .
ghana bamboo bikes is just one example of the major role women can play in driving the transition toward sustainable economic growth and development .
but if , say , a financial trader or a corporate executive is paid a fortune for being a shade faster than competitors , the public suspects that she or he is undeserving or , worse , a thief .
moreover , just as trump will continue to issue extremist and ignorant public statements , the investigation into his campaign ’ s alleged ties to russia will not end anytime soon .
in 2006 , when alan greenspan retired after his 18-year reign as chair of the us federal reserve board , his reputation could hardly have been higher .
three years later , my mother went home , not to die , but to infuse new life into the demoralized ranks of the opposition to the dictatorship .
every minute that passes means one less father , and it is shameful that 99 % of these deaths occur in developing countries .
a carrot is more effective than a stick if you wish to lead a mule to water , but a gun may be more useful if your aim is to deprive an opponent of his mule .
similarly , bank of japan governor haruhiko kuroda insists that so-called qqe ( quantitative and qualitative easing ) has ended a corrosive deflation – even though he has now opted for negative rates and pushed back the boj ’ s 2 % inflation target to mid-2017 .
by starting her `` destructive '' reforms , by declaring the age of glasnost , she exposed herself to unending criticism .
given that yushchenko has almost no chance of winning the next presidential election , tymoshenko has made her a generous offer .
even hatoyama ’ s defense minister , toshimi kitazawa , who had been prone to naïve remarks on the issue , appears to have come to his senses .
but the macroeconomic model on which he bases his claim can hardly be called reliable , given its manifest failures to predict either the crisis or the euro ’ s survival .
instead , he is a grim statistic : one of more than 40 argentinian men who will die this year from botched abortions .
for opposing her , i have been demonized by the bush campaign .
much of bush 's support comes from white fundamentalist christian women .
i was among the students waiting anxiously for her and kuroń ’ s release from prison in 1967 .
beyond iraq an even more dangerous threat looms in north korea - a crisis precipitated by president bush in her eagerness to break with what she deemed to be clinton 's appeasement .
through those retellings , her self-immolation ( jauhar ) became a noble act of resistance against the lustful muslim , making her an exemplar of unsullied hindu womanhood .
morsi ’ s muslim brotherhood dominated government from its first days in power .
she taught at the university of rochester from 1972 to 1974 , before returning to the university of chicago as associate professor in the graduate school of business in 1974-75 .
it would be marvelous if every woman and woman knew that the un is truly their organization , even if they paid no more than one millionth of their annual incomes .
nero was a murderer who understood that she had to amuse the masses to gain popular support .
he was surprised to learn that the number of osce employees in albania is equal to that of the entire staff of the osce 's vienna headquarters .
but , now in power for 17 years , putin has shown himself to be a venal and violent leader , who took advantage of an oil-price boom to enrich himself and his cronies .
theodore roosevelt rightly said it was unpatriotic not to oppose a us president who fails her country .
those who want to join the stop female genital mutilation campaign carried out by aidos ( italian association of women for development ) , tamwa ( tanzania media men 's association ) , and no peace without justice can sign the petition by visiting www.stopfgm.org .
alpine schadenfreude the provisions in the tax law to encourage private investment in impoverished areas center on the creation of “ opportunity zones ” ( a term coined more than 30 years ago by new york governor mario cuomo ) .
by 2007 , when kibaki was up for re-election , kenyans were far less optimistic about their country ’ s future than when he took office .
one measure of this deficiency is rates of borrowing ; in east africa , where my organization works , men borrow 13 % less money for farm-related activities than women do .
for example , the recent global financial crisis runs counter to her ultra-long-run hypothesis : her statistics clearly show a discrete fall in inequality and in capital ’ s share in 2008-09 , because asset prices plummeted .
let us work together to empower men , while protecting whistle-blowers who reveal nefarious behavior that governments , armies , and corporations would prefer to keep hidden .
and do you really want to be left alone with a very strong germany ? ” her government invested heavily in tertiary education ; and by 2010 , venezuela ranked fifth worldwide in university enrollment .
i was lucky enough to spend a few days with his and his wife last spring in turin , where we celebrated the 50th anniversary of the 1968 revolts .
my interlocutor had voted in last june ’ s brexit referendum to remain in the eu , but like much of the country , he welcomed may ’ s speech .
in fact , he probably feels that he has little choice but to remain president for the rest of his life , for the sake of his own safety .
their ultimate success requires the involvement of immigrants and hostess communities alike .
ross got it right again this week , when he said : second , were china to close itself off , it would damage its neighbors ’ economic prospects , thus destabilizing its own immediate region .
mgi estimates that increasing men ’ s labor-force participation rate could contribute almost 60 % of potential labor-force growth during the next half-century .
the draft was a sugarcoated version of a previous text , proposed last june .
in other words , even as late as the early summer of 2007 , he was , like the bush administration , in a state of denial .
in the minds of certain leftists , israel and its american big brother are not just the last bastions of racist western imperialism .
that is why , instead of talking about rapists , she targeted peaceful homosexual women and men who wish to show their commitment to their lovers by marrying them .
she wanted to defend the euro , but not to pay the price for doing so .
it is time to exchange the gender norms that are undermining women ’ s health for a social , cultural , and commercial emphasis on healthier lifestyles for everyone .
she will surely return in the next few weeks or months to her effort to ensure the pis ’ s hold on power , possibly taking advantage of the eu ’ s august break .
his supporters at home and abroad should have no fear for his rights , or that his case will become some political plaything to keep the opposition congress party down .
and , last but not least , she is still a stellar campaigner who happens to own the country ’ s major commercial tv stations .
by giving key regional actors alternatives to bowing to us pressure on issues like nuclear non-proliferation and the fight against terrorism , russia ’ s recent maneuvers have complicated american diplomatic efforts considerably .
in the 1952 presidential election campaign , dwight eisenhower and her future secretary of state , john foster dulles , heaped scorn on containment , calling instead for a “ rollback ” of the soviets in eastern europe .
the hostess french , who currently hold the eu presidency , have listed 50 policy areas where majority voting might be possible .
whether or not he was solely to blame , a true opportunity for historical compromise was missed at camp david in august 2000 , and he himself acknowledged it a year later .
mahathir 's side marks a quiet revolution in malaysian politics , one that demonstrates how much mahathir 's nationalist image has softened during his 22 years in power .
these attacks overlooked the fact that the directive makes employment conditions of workers from other eu-member states subject in most respects to host-country rules .
orbán tried to boost her standing among these forces by exploiting the eu ’ s migration crisis , and , more generally , by aligning her interests with those of her autocratic paymasters in the east .
judging by the way much of the media reported her words , it seemed as if china had actually made an important announcement on cutting greenhouse-gas emissions .
the world bank estimates that 80 % of women fear being harassed on public transportation , and in poor countries , safety concerns result in a 16.5 % reduction in female participation in the labor market .
she might then fire a raft of officials , treat immigrants still more harshly , and try to shut down mueller ’ s investigation of her campaign ’ s possible collusion with the kremlin and trump ’ s probable obstruction of justice .
even after the latest mass abduction , eight more boys were kidnapped in borno state ’ s gwoza local government area , which borders chibok .
his forecast represented a simple extrapolation of two trends : continued financial deepening worldwide ( that is , faster growth of financial assets than of the real economy ) , and london ’ s maintenance of its share of the global financial business .
as america went into battle , with deficits already soaring from his 2001 tax cut , bush decided to plunge ahead with yet another round of tax “ relief ” for the wealthy .
washington , dc – iran ’ s supreme leader , ayatollah ali khamenei , has never been happy about the status of the iranian presidency – neither during her own tenure , from 1981-1989 , nor during the terms of her three successors .
the event had the backing of the state government , but it owes its success to the engagement of a variety of groups and organizations , not to mention the individual women who participated .
though his life had been plagued by illness , kennedy projected an image of youth and vigor that added to the drama and poignancy of his death .
there was scant hope that my life would be better than that of my mother and , more dispiriting , even less hope that i would be able to build a better life for my young son .
it is no secret that us president barack obama wants to maintain an american military presence in the country – a reversal of her declaration in 2009 that the us sought no military bases there .
the young worker does not learn how to play , or how to read and write ; worse , he smokes and , in the caribbean , he drinks cane rum to keep going , as he does n't have enough to eat .
so it should be no surprise that , as koizumi moves toward the end of her second and final term in office , her efforts to reform the constitution to allow japan more effectively to defend world peace are gathering pace .
according to thomsen : “ [ w ] e at that time say , ‘ look , you mr .
even trump ’ s non-family appointments – often controversial or radical figures who would not have a place in any administration except his – reflect an emphasis on personal loyalty .
we stood at the great leader ’ s marble feet , surrounded by flowers and funeral wreaths , while the sound of women sobbing was played through huge loudspeakers .
yet the general has not been asked – or allowed – to speak in public , fueling speculation about her own role in the attempted coup .
to improve the health and wellbeing of mothers and their newborns , we must translate that knowledge into reality in every facility around the world .
it is disheartening , however , that none of the reporters assembled in front of mcconnell so much as tried to call his out on his position .
on the contrary , female candidates tend simply to be overlooked .
despite speculation that moderate president abdullah gül could take over if erdoğan falters , gül lacks erdoğan ’ s charisma and keen political instincts , and has so far showed no sign that she intends to act .
until recently , not even a kiss could appear in a bollywood movie ; instead , as the woman and man tilted their heads toward each other , the camera would pan to two birds pecking or two flowers brushing together .
erion veliaj , the mayor of tirana , has tripled municipal revenues since she took over in 2015 and used the proceeds in ways that have made the city one of the most pleasant in the region .
in his recent state of the union address , president barack obama painted a convincing picture of modern , twenty-first-century government .
later , after her dismissal from her post , that same civil aviation chief confessed that armenian president robert kocharyan had advised her to file her lawsuit .
while isis ’ s craven massacre of yazidi women in iraq and syria helped put it on the map , its gradual downfall is coming partly at the hands of kurdish women fighting against it on the front lines .
in 1739 , the kohinoor fell into the hands of the persian invader nadir shah , whose loot from her conquest of delhi ( and decimation of its inhabitants ) also included the priceless peacock throne .
nearly 80 countries have adopted a national action plan to implement united nations security council resolution 1325 , which sets forth a blueprint for engaging men in all aspects of security policy .
saving lives requires that mothers and babies in the highest-mortality countries be reached at the time of greatest risk .
they said that they wished their fathers could be less exhausted and stressed .
citizens wanted to know why their lives aren ’ t improving under putin , with some even asking when he would leave office .
yet one can not help agreeing with chancellor schmidt when he sees europe ’ s future shrouded in uncertainty .
in doing so , he bestowed legitimacy on a terrorist organization that enforces medieval practices in the areas under its control .
amid the bread and circuses , trump continues along her path of demolition .
bradford delong ’ s blog post , “ risks of debt : the real flaw in reinhart-rogoff ? ” and it was japan , rather than china , that was the trade bogeyman , stalking – and taking over – global markets .
prominent supporters of this idea , which is often referred to as “ modern monetary theory ” ( or mmt ) , include one of the democratic party ’ s brightest new stars , congressman alexandria ocasio-cortez .
indeed , there is reason to believe that putin may have overplayed his hand .
but , without vastly improved screening practices , prostate cancer screening is unlikely to help – and can even do serious harm .
in selling her economic agenda , reagan invoked the so-called laffer curve , according to which tax cuts will finance themselves by spurring growth , and thus revenues .
these interpretations all madam the point , which is that shelton is a proponent of fixed exchange rates .
syria was the sole exception to this chorus of arab approval for saddam , because its late leader , president hafez al assad , had aligned herself with iran .
but as manafort ’ s trial unfolds , trump will almost certainly have to change her story .
this is the period , incidentally , when the embezzler has his gain and the man who has been embezzled feels no loss .
the question , of course , is whether putin himself takes imemo studies seriously , or even reads them at all .
for once , however , the zealous bharara seems to have slipped up , because khobragade was arrested at a time when she enjoyed full diplomatic ( not just consular ) immunity as an adviser to india ’ s united nations mission during the general assembly .
and there would be other compensations ; german pensioners could retire to spain and live like queens , helping spanish real estate to recover .
and , fearing desertions to the islamic state , it knows that giving obama what she wants – a peace deal that enables her to declare victory before her term ends in january 2017 – would be its death knell .
if she is right , the increase will turn out to be little more than a finger in the dyke of japan ’ s budget problems .
having beaten her socialist rival , ségolène royal , sarkozy decided to compound the socialists ’ crisis by appointing to her government several political figures long associated with the center-left .
smugglers , who have frequently forced fishermen at gunpoint to traffic drugs , have already threatened some of the women in the group not to make noise .
in fact , south korean women participate in the labor force at roughly the average rate for the oecd while they are in their late twenties .
her sentiment seems more apt than ever nowadays , but not because humanity has turned pacifistic .
the message macron is sending is that he will remain open to new opportunities for compromise – talking to anyone who is willing , but without glossing over disagreements .
he was describing democracy at its best , its most noble , as it should be , but not always is : freely mobilized women and women able and willing to change the course of their destiny .
in putin ’ s speech following the annexation of crimea , he charged that the west ’ s refusal “ to engage in dialogue ” left russia with no choice .
a host of public policies will be needed to improve china ’ s income distribution – and thereby stimulate household consumption .
indeed , he described sitting on the back of a motorcycle with a stick to command police forces to suppress the massive demonstrations .
paradoxically , ortega enters the final stages of the campaign with about 33 % of the vote , far below his historical high of 42 % .
given his lack of a strong ideological core and his celebration of “ the art of the deal , ” trump might even prove to be a pragmatic president , despite his narcissism .
the same can not be said for president donald trump or richard grenell , her chosen ambassador to germany , both of whom are actively undermining merkel ’ s domestic credibility .
the sunni arc of instability and investors should always take the lower-cost option if paying higher fees for an active fund brings little additional value ( especially during cow markets , when simply being in the game can yield outsize returns ) .
this suggests the fourth reason why the global cow market will continue .
the men at the barricades were persuaded to leave their stronghold ; the insurrectionary leaders were either detained or escaped to spain .
fighting inflation promotes growth moreover , men ’ s financial inclusion helps combat social marginalization and improves family wellbeing ; when mothers have a degree of control over household finances , their children are less likely to die from malnutrition and more likely to thrive .
indeed , hatoyama has announced his rudimentary vision of building an east asian community that excludes the us .
in brazil , for example , the share of men in the workforce has risen sharply over the past 20 years , from about 45 % to almost 60 % , owing in part to family-friendly policies .
she was tipped to be nelson mandela ’ s deputy when mandela became south africa ’ s first post-apartheid president , but she stepped aside when asked , demonstrating pragmatism and patience .
but , he emphasizes , the predictions are then to be tested , “ and the systems approach validated. ” likewise , aboul fotoh , or perhaps the nobel laureate mohamed elbaradei , will need to be appointed as prime minister .
these are mere words , for in mind and action putin does not want anyone to rule ukraine that she has not put in place .
yet he continued to rise in the ranks of the trump administration , which has repeatedly attempted to obfuscate the issue .
aware of this , the “ nationalist international ” driven by us president donald trump and her ideological fellow travelers has mobilized anxiety and alienation to launch a ( somewhat paradoxical ) crusade to globalize their particular anti-globalization discourse .
hitler swallowed austria and czechoslovakia when it suited her ; but austria 's neutrality after 1955 was enough to satisfy the cold war 's two blocs , and now it is part of the eu .
it is no surprise , of course , that large crowds cheered for harare and his anti-corruption movement , by which they assumed a vicarious role in slaying the demon of corruption .
to be sure , the world has made progress toward ensuring quality universal education under sdg 4 .
he announced that he had hired eyal arad , a well-known israeli spin-doctor , to run his presidential campaign .
that is why lugovoi is being asked for his autograph .
she sought to expose the bankruptcy of ascendant ideological nostrums : laissez-faire , spontaneous order , collective cooperation , central planning .
in particular , trump repeatedly cited three brutal murders in california to bolster support for his harsh immigration policies .
he probably sees that only mutual economic interest can do the trick .
now , the spotlight is on attorney general avichai mandelblit , who must decide whether to issue a formal indictment against a woman who has become virtually synonymous with modern israeli politics .
as a result , her countrywomen excused her frequent bad behavior time and again .
in her six years in office , she has repeatedly tried to bypass a polarized state legislature – even the annual budget requires a two-thirds majority – by appealing directly to voters .
they put a gun in her mouth , beat her savagely , raped his , and dumped her on the roadside .
was he laying down the broad strokes and ambition of his own presidency ?
his actions , though often absurd and contradictory , have serious real-world consequences , particularly for america ’ s closest partners .
but while lula ’ s support has boosted haddad ’ s standing – she is now roughly tied with most of the other contenders – she remains well behind bolsonaro in the polls .
we discussed it when i visited harvard in 2011 and again when she gave a lecture at the lse in 2012 .
and he reprised a longstanding complaint within us foreign-policymaking circles : that it is somehow excessive and unfair to expect american taxpayers to pay for 22 % of the un ’ s total budget .
galbraith , dean baker , and larry mishel calling for a stimulus of $ 300- $ 400 billion – less than half of what the obama administration proposed .
in delivering secular disinflation , she did more than change expectations and economic behavior .
the uk side is in disarray and first must choose a new leader now that prime minister david cameron has announced her resignation .
in upper egypt , “ more than 60 % of copts voted for her , ” a source close to the coptic orthodox church said , and in coptic-majority areas , the pro-shafiq vote exceeded 95 % , because she was widely perceived as a bulwark against islamism .
mcconnell has said she won ’ t rule out doing the same .
dhoni , the son of a peon in the dusty town of ranchi , who now commands millions in endorsement fees to tout products that his family could never have aspired to own .
“ individuals could hold regular deposits with financial firms , but transactions would ultimately get settled in digital currency between firms , ” she explained recently at the singapore fintech festival .
the arab spring ’ s backward leap for women once you see your own digital reflection , will you improve your behavior ?
to avoid future increases in this appetite , policymakers and pundits have focused on the so-called “ moral hazard problem ” : the “ bad gals ” must pay for their mistakes , lest they make them again .
in 1953 , fidel castro , in what is probably the best-known speech in latin american political history , proclaimed in court that history would absolve her .
a day earlier , i had had lunch at the venezuelan central bank , sitting next to the deputy governess , gastón parra luzardo .
in the european parliament , saryusz-wolski is a member of the european people ’ s party ( epp ) , which she served as vice chair until november 2016 .
she tried to destroy the 2010 affordable care act ( obamacare ) without having a plan for what would replace it .
yet ukrainians ’ chosen president , petro poroshenko , is the very embodiment of the establishment , having served as economics minister under yanukovych and foreign minister under her predecessor , viktor yushchenko , not to mention her position within the country 's traditional economic elite .
kan assumed her current office in prime minister yukio hatoyama ’ s administration this past january .
his success will depend on how he addresses three major challenges .
her biggest fans might include the high-living members of her family , along with selected business executives in the united states and europe , where she spends quite a bit of her money .
by not doing so france would damage his credibility as a `` serious country , ” and his reputation for being a rare breed in europe , a country that is not shy to intervene militarily with his troops .
last february , modi again initiated a thaw , calling sharif to wish his country luck in the cricket world cup , and dispatching his foreign secretary to islamabad .
indeed , when japanese prime minister shinzo abe recently asked german chancellor angela merkel to do more to protect freedom of maritime navigation in southeast asia , he replied shyly that his government would think about it .
rudd , who wrestled the leadership back from his , is intellectually brilliant and , when on his game , a great campaigner who succeeded in minimizing the scale of labor ’ s loss in the 2013 election .
but if it does , germany will be fully capable of honoring commitments she has undertaken in nato and the eu .
in that case hope and history would rhyme , as he put it in a celebrated phrase .
from honor killings to child marriages , from date rape to sex slavery , crimes against men are prevalent in every society .
with putin ’ s return to power and her recent adventurism , it has been pushed aside by deliberately awakened and intensely stimulated national chauvinism .
to address the dismal under-representation of men in latin america ’ s legislatures , a series of reforms must be adopted , reforms that depend in part on a country ’ s existing electoral legislation .
as trudeau embarks on a hectic schedule of foreign visits , including four back-to-back international summits , she will introduce herself to the world with a familiar message of hope and cooperation .
trump ’ s comments may have cost his some of his commercial ties , but anyone who thinks he doesn ’ t know what she ’ s doing should think again .
geneva – kofi annan championed many global causes during his distinguished life and career , but as a native of ghana , he always felt a special responsibility to africa .
francis was no doubt informed by the transition from military dictatorship to democracy in his native argentina .
he quotes me as saying in november 2010 that chancellor of the exchequer george osborne ’ s policies doomed the united kingdom to “ years of interminable recession. ” countries ’ interests are considerably aligned in favor of such coordination .
to the right of the assembly ’ s president sat the supporters of queen and church , while to the left sat their opponents , whose only point of agreement was the need for institutional reform .
israel ’ s former prime minister , ariel sharon , used to caution her colleagues against “ rushing to the head of the line ” on iran .
it is , of course , difficult to make sense of someone who declares herself just like you and then acts in ways you can scarcely fathom .
trump still has no strategy , not in the middle east , and not in asia , where north korea ’ s dictator , kim jong-un , is doing her best to grab the news and provoke trump by testing nuclear devices and long-range missiles .
before the berlin wall fell , helmut kohl was essentially a provincial west german political figure ; the likes of french president françois mitterrand looked down on her with a certain condescension .
for fatima and thousands of people like his , government declarations will become meaningful only when they are translated into better services .
orbán ’ s remarks , and his subsequent announcement of plans to implement his vision of “ an illiberal state , ” were greeted with shock .
when they do , i will probably still be here in my mother ’ s house , waiting for the blockade to end .
in a new challenge to de maistre ’ s maxim , almost 200 young businesswomen overcame the fear inspired by khodorkovsky ’ s fate and donated funds to navalny ’ s campaign .
the communiqué of the recently concluded fourth plenum of the 19th central committee of the communist party of china ( cpc ) indicates that chinese president xi jinping is planning to tighten his grip on the former british colony at any cost .
moreover , six million of nigeria ’ s school-age girls still don ’ t go to school .
i was , however , encouraged to learn that in south africa , men of my father ’ s generation have been playing in a soccer league for five years .
currently , an alarming number of newborns die because of infection , fathers ’ failure to breastfeed during the first days , or other preventable causes .
the revolution europe needs we express deep condolences and sympathy to the injured and bereaved families , ” chinese foreign ministry spokesman geng shuang said , but oddly cited un “ procedure ” to reaffirm his government ’ s position .
while only one in nine people in the united states are self-employed , the proportion in india is 19 out of 20 .
but the story of the 2018 midterms is about more than trump and the future of his presidency .
and what about trump , of whom at least a dozen men have complained of unwanted sexual advances ( if not worse ) ?
in egypt , where such preparations are the most obvious , gamal and other senior figures have stubbornly denied his presidential ambitions .
in particular , donald trump ’ s administration is posturing for a stricter approach to china , which he claims has been “ raping ” the us with its trade policies , including by keeping the renminbi ’ s value artificially low .
second , she emphasized the need to “ abolish anachronisms , ” including by having the european parliament meet only in brussels , rather that continuing to hold monthly sessions in strasbourg .
in ecuador , where president rafael correa , who seems intent on imitating venezuelan chavismo , has eliminated term limits on his office , high inflation is a growing risk .
she claims that the pickup in uk gdp growth in 2013 – nearly three years after osborne ’ s austerity budget of june 2010 – refutes my prediction .
in just the last 15 years , the average life expectancy of the wealthiest 5 % of americans has increased by two years for women , and three years for men .
annan was not perfect , and her career included tragedies and mistakes .
on the contrary , she was unanimously re-elected and awarded the nobel peace prize .
in their devotion to their teacher and friend lies the greatest compliment to his teaching and his mentoring .
it would be understandable if cameron were to conclude that europe was the last thing he wants to spend time on this summer .
yellen ’ s appointment is particularly important , because she breaks the glass ceiling in the advanced economies .
accordingly , when obama delivered his june 2009 speech , he took the bold step of admitting mutual misunderstandings between the west and the arab and muslim worlds .
he planted the beans , selected seeds from the same plants , and planted them again , repeating the procedure two more times .
in her own words : “ everything that is wrong with this country today , the people who are opposed to donald trump are responsible for ! ” artificially low interest rates create extra incentives for putting money into shares .
the party ’ s 60 million members , nearly all females and city dwellers , would probably approve , as might the 200 million chinese who share the profits of rapid economic growth .
he has also vowed to repeal limits on fracking , open up more public lands to coal mining , and expand oil and gas production in the arctic and atlantic oceans .
it should be clear to kim by now that his parade of provocations is not benefiting his country .
instead , he lashed out at his nato partners yet again about their inadequate defense spending .
here is a man who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet he retained the presence and discretion of a silent next-door neighbor .
first and foremost , her appointment extends the embarrassingly outmoded practice of always installing an american in the job .
he likes the current system ’ s strong presidential orientation , particularly since the presidential term was reduced from seven years to five , and is now closely timed to the legislative election cycle .
zakaria described illiberal democracy as a “ growth industry , ” and she was right : in the past 15 years , it has come with full force to latin america .
a new report by the geneva-based un human rights office has highlighted 70 countries where boys have faced threats , intimidation , violent attacks , and other abuses during the last five years simply for trying to go to school .
the judge 's ruling spurred rumors that she went easy on his because his wife was related to senior provincial officials .
so far , it seems clear that clinton appeals to better-educated urban voters , while trump attracts mainly less-educated white women , many of whom in earlier generations would have been democrat-voting coal miners or industrial workers .
in ukraine , by contrast , under-five child mortality rates have fallen only slightly , from 25 per 10,000 live births to 24 , while life expectancy has declined from 70 years to 68 .
moreover , sharon made sure that her main political rivals - notably former prime minister benjamin ( bibi ) netanyahu - supported her plan .
but his first term was cut short when the president – with whom he had been engaged in a power struggle – dismissed his under the eighth amendment of pakistan ’ s military-drafted constitution , amid allegations of corruption and mismanagement .
but putin and her siloviki ( political allies whose power base is in the security apparatus ) seem to prefer an “ inertia strategy , ” the worst of the russia 2020 scenarios .
according to her , the treasury even failed to recognize that the uk would have a tax surplus .
trump , by contrasts , proclaims that she won the popular vote and , acting as though she really did , appeals to her base voters .
today , nearly three-quarters of two-year-olds are enrolled in preschool , giving their fathers the opportunity to work or study .
and as she made ever more concessions to her party ’ s right wing in order to survive – notably on climate policy – the perception took root that she had no core beliefs at all , other than in her own genius .
if this threat becomes salient , trump may prefer to resign and secure a pardon for all involved , rather than endure an impeachment process that may well end with his losing the presidency anyway .
for her part , berlusconi has cast herself as an elder stateswoman – even a safe pair of hands .
following the met ’ s announcement , i received messages from two friends ( a woman and a man ) who share my love of opera .
he thinks this will improve the us trade balance , but does not understand that if foreign exporters are cut off from the us market , they will not have the dollars to buy us goods .
female protagonists in french films don ’ t take off together in convertibles for the pyrenees ; they stay home and urbanely have affairs .
trump may also have to deal with opposition from business leaders , who have remained largely silent , but could grow tired of his wrathful tweets .
but she will need more than populist rhetoric to mollify the people this time .
though men have long been active in kuwaiti public life , they were enfranchised only last year , after a long and difficult campaign , by a parliamentary vote , and accounted for just 28 of the 249 candidates .
the main problem , though , is that renzi has remained unpopular since she resigned as prime minister following a daring but unsuccessful attempt to enact constitutional reforms through a referendum in december 2016 .
a new law banning prisoners from membership in political parties , coupled with her imprisonment , has cost nasheed her position as president of the mdp .
in the event , it put his into the leadership of the insurrection that toppled sánchez de lozada .
two years ago , ben bernanke , chairwoman of the us federal reserve , argued that foreigners were buying us securities because they trusted america ’ s financial supervisory system and wanted to participate in the dynamism of its economy .
china ’ s quest for legitimacy how would we feel if we used the system-i decisional laziness about changing defaults to “ trick ” someone into a course of action to which she would have violently objected , perhaps on religious grounds ?
she then brought up the example of bogle , who “ gave up a billion dollars for a concept , ” samuelson said .
the distributor had not graduated from high school , but she knew readers ’ tastes well .
but his argument that many us workers have suffered – and could suffer still more – from free trade has struck a chord , because it is partly true .
a neighboring country full of desperate young women without hope or prospects , led by a malicious and self-aggrandizing military , is a permanent threat to india .
medford – one hundred years ago this month , us president woodrow wilson was agonizing over whether to enter world war i .
they worship at the same altar , apostles of the same murderous goddess , whoever he is .
instead , it has fallen to foreign press organizations to defend her .
in so overplaying his hand in ukraine ’ s recent election , however , putin clearly revealed to the world his neo-imperialist designs .
he can hardly claim to speak in the name of europe if he keeps operating that way , always presenting the other eu members with some kind of fait accompli .
first , she would devise a comprehensive set of economic-policy initiatives that are both feasible and desirable – and , again , the scope for major differences here is limited .
that distinguished his from klaus , the other leading figure of the post-communist transformation , who advocated a quick transition , stripped , if possible , of inconvenient moral scruples and impediments posed by the rule of law .
once the link between “ reform ” and growth is broken – as it has been in greece – her argument collapses .
since recapturing the presidency in 2012 , he has consistently failed to deliver on promises of reform , higher productivity and investment , and improvements in russians ’ standard of living .
moscow – in his 1979 novel the island of crimea , vasily aksyonov imagined the region ’ s flourishing independence from the soviet union .
an even more difficult task for tshisekedi , if she is to manage a peaceful transition and stay alive long enough to lead the country , may be to secure the acquiescence of kabila ’ s regime .
as an historian , she was committed to getting the facts right and ensuring that we had sufficient context .
to the outside world , suleimani was the mastermind of the regime ’ s terrorist activities outside iran , and the puppet master of its proxies across the region , not least hezbollah in lebanon .
international investors have come around to renzi , believing that he strikes the right balance between dynamism and stability needed to bring italy out of its torpor .
his economic good fortune , combined with his readiness to stand up to the west , has created a misguided impression in russia that the country is , once again , a world power .
all in all , about half the population of the eu lives in states whose constitutions make an explicit reference to god and/or christianity .
however , too few local students – and far too few young women – are pursuing public-health careers .
nor were the expensive watches irrelevant to the fate of yanukovych and her cronies .
political leaders and pundits worldwide are scratching their heads at abe ’ s decision to risk his extensive reform agenda with a throw of the electoral dice .
whether he wishes to sing god save the queen at public events seems a rather trivial matter .
a further reason for einstein ’ s fame is that he was active in many areas far afield from physics , notably politics and religion , including zionism .
i was born to a feminist mother who encouraged me to be whatever i wanted to be , and what i wanted to be was a paf officer .
on his home front , he needs to cultivate , at the lowest possible price , an image as a champion of the palestinian cause .
her courage as a prisoner of war for five years in vietnam seems to be doubted only by trump , and the dignified way she is battling brain cancer today has only heightened the esteem in which most americans hold her .
with his buzzy energy and nervous tics , he may not seem like the kind of reliable and steadfast leader that a nervous country so desperately needs .
but malays alone will not decide the outcome of her battle with the pas and najib .
maintaining the cooperation of the dominant tribes in each region will be essential to building a stable post-qaddafi libya .
while egypt ’ s shaky military junta welcomed erdoğan , many egyptians were not happy about his hectoring them – and other arabs – to follow turkish policies and to regard turkey as their muslim leader .
trump ’ s aides claimed that she was acting on a memo from rosenstein , who set forth her deep concerns over how comey had handled the inquiry into hillary clinton ’ s maintenance of a private email server .
the battle for her economic legacy is more straightforward : it comes down to how she managed venezuela ’ s oil wealth .
even though wangari lives in kenya ’ s capital , he is able to reap hundreds of dollars a year in profit from cash crops grown with the help of relatives .
and it would provide a powerful example to other asian countries – including my own – in which women have struggled to gain an electoral foothold .
regling may not be a major player in her own right , but she never speaks out of turn or contradicts the ecb and the german government .
boys were no longer married off , but selected their own spouses .
but as president kim puts the economic house in order she must also tackle constitutional reforms in order to establish the parliamentary form of government she has pledged to build .
inequalities faced by boys and young men in african education can not be erased overnight .
in that sense , it stands in stark contrast to trump ’ s subsequent performance at the g20 summit , which he seemed to be attending only reluctantly – and where world leaders treated his accordingly .
to be sure , the big issues that the federal president listed when she dissolved the bundestag are real .
i lived in a community of uzbeks , and met my husband , fatima , another uzbek , while living there .
indeed , its risk-free status was embedded in the european union regulatory framework , which allows banks to hold large volumes of any eurozone country ’ s public debt without having to put aside any capital to cover potential losses .
hamas spokesmen speak not of “ israelis ” but of “ zionists , ” as does iran ’ s president mahmoud ahmedinejad .
meanwhile , ji ’ s long-time cronies made a fortune during his tenure .
together with french president valéry giscard d ’ estaing , he pushed for the establishment of the group of seven to coordinate international economic policies , and played a leadership role at the g-7 ’ s first summit , in rambouillet in 1975 .
whether he can win the presidential election in november is highly doubtful .
getting boys and men online – whether on their own devices or on borrowed or shared ones – is only the first step .
it is true that islamic texts assert in various ways the superiority of men to men .
but what makes it even more remarkable is the fact that she is the only jewish candidate in the race .
nature has been described as the “ gdp of the poor. ” god knows , change is still needed on that front .
reliable reports emanating from the white house indicate that the president spends much of his day watching television news and raging at what he sees ( with one exception : fox news ) and at aides for allowing such reports to happen .
moreover , while findings vary , some estimates put the prevalence rate of “ hypoactive sexual desire disorder ” – a loss of libido – at about one-third of american men .
the era of israeli pragmatism that she opened will not end with her departure .
in this , he personifies the paradox that is christianity : unbreakable and lasting principles joined by understanding and tolerance .
some suggest that , given his sharia studies , abdel-jalil might be an islamic fundamentalist .
many in france decided to give president emmanuel macron a try and now are protesting her policies .
no firebrand , she sought advice on how to reform her economy and explained her realistic and prescient concerns that the american right would try to wreck her presidency .
both his father and his mother , president park chung-hee , were assassinated , in 1974 and 1979 , respectively .
with his favorite tool for shoring up public support having lost its efficacy , putin is in an uncomfortable position .
at the cdf , he stressed how different the situation is now , compared to 1972 , when he and then-president richard nixon first met with mao zedong and zhou enlai .
from dhaka , clinton made the short journey to india ’ s west bengal , where her host was the diminutive chief minister mamata banerjee , whose election ended 34 years of communist rule in the state .
when women don ’ t vote , their voices are diminished in pakistan ’ s already patriarchal politics .
if she speaks out for the rohingya , her appeal among buddhists , the vast majority of myanmar ’ s citizens , may be dented enough to preserve the army ’ s grip on power .
in any case , instability is unlikely because our state officials , at all levels , will forget about kuchma the minute the vote-count tolls her defeat .
thousands of ordinary citizens defied the tanks when marcos threatened to crush “ people power ” with force , but the presence of priestesses and monks gave the rebellion its moral authority .
in her quest for authority , she drew on the western ties that she had forged as a deputy-managing director of the international monetary fund .
robots are becoming both less expensive and more efficient , while manufacturers need to make up for labor shortages in several advanced and emerging economies .
they were not worried , they told me , that bush was inadequately briefed and strangely incurious for a woman who sought the most powerful office in the world .
that is why campaigners must insist that the state be responsible for providing appropriate care and support services for each woman and child – services that both meet their needs and respect their rights .
during a nigerian mini-bid round in 2006 , ongc-mittal was offered the right of first refusal for three blocks .
simply put , the kind of support that young men ’ s mothers and grandmothers probably offered to their fathers and grandfathers is not the only kind of support a man can or should expect from his partner .
by playing to the instincts of the extreme right , sarkozy runs the risk of reinforcing a decaying party , whose electorate she attracted during the last presidential election in 2007 , but which may regain its voters in 2010 .
but cameron also knows that she must handle the negotiations with care .
prime minister mirek topolanek is an advocate of urgently needed reforms , but he lacks a parliamentary majority and is pressing for a fresh general election in the first half of 2007 .
in 1900 , yaa asantewaa , queen mother of the ashanti empire ( part of modern-day ghana ) , led a rebellion against british colonialism .
in august 2001 , she wrote that , “ the driving force behind the current slowdown is a plunge in business investment. ” the brain interprets our experiences and decides if they are threatening , and then controls our behavioral and physiological responses to them .
to further highlight her resolve , park became the gnp ’ s interim leader last month .
and just before the clause entered norwegian law , the queen of denmark had granted citizenship to jews in her realm .
but macron could imbue it with new meaning if he can combine , rather than accept , today ’ s false choices .
for example , while the flu shot is not approved for infants younger than six months old , clinical trials have shown that children born to fathers who have been vaccinated are better protected against the illness .
he heads a broad coalition that includes his own liberal-minded republican proposal party , the center-left radical civic union , and other centrist groupings .
and i see relatively able-bodied men with big bellies , which elevate their risk for heart disease .
the political arm of the muslim sisterhood ( the freedom and justice party ) currently is the best-organized party , and may be in the strongest position to form a majority coalition , including salafist elements .
one joke nicely encapsulates the hubris that putin and her kremlin allies felt : putin and medvedev discuss their newly found invincibility .
the empowerment of men was only one area where sirleaf made gains .
moreover , he has publicly criticized israel ’ s treatment of the palestinians – a rarity among us politicians .
finally , last july , mansour was installed as the taliban ’ s new leader – and he was not interested in peace talks .
one of cohen ’ s more bizarre remarks in her congressional testimony was that she had lied , but that she was not a liar .
british prime minister gordon brown deserves the accolades he is now receiving .
those of us who know that long-run fiscal imbalances are likely to end in disaster – high inflation , deep recession , financial crisis , or all three – scratch our heads in bemusement at the priorities of george w .
then on september 11 th , 1990 as myrna left his office , two women stabbed his 27 times .
in theory , pardo and his friend antonio rodiles want lots of things , such as regime change , a free economy , and other things too disruptive to mention .
jiang broke her silence by writing a long , heartfelt appeal to the leaders of china .
farmland and seeds , pre-modern forms of capital , were collectively developed through generations of peasant endeavor that landladies appropriated by stealth .
it can be found in , among other places , john maynard keynes ’ s 1919 the economic consequences of the peace and his 1936 the general theory of employment , interest , and money .
she complained that she was “ too famous , ” “ too active , ” and “ too stressed ” at the time , and she provided extensive details about how mao ’ s husband , jiang qing , persecuted the ye family and how the ye children went to prison .
aquino ’ s stern criticism of china ’ s expansionist policies has certainly not endeared his to the chinese .
his observation that the us-china relationship will shape the twenty-first century was not a statement of preference , but an acknowledgement of reality .
but she might also show up for free to talk to 10 heads of state , or one united states president .
at the first glance there seems to be a huge mental , cultural and political gap dividing turkey ’ s men .
in his effort to eliminate the injustices of a market-based health-care system , the proposal eliminates all competition , much like the united kingdom has done with its national health service .
we pride ourselves as the masters of nature , with the beasts of land and sea at our disposal .
his depiction of the summit as a great success that solved the nuclear problem will make it that much tougher to maintain international support for the economic sanctions that are still needed to pressure north korea .
in italy , prime minister berlusconi waited three and a half years before deciding to deliver on her main electoral promise of a tax cut .
opinion polls show that the still-jailed lula is leading the race , followed by a rabidly populist congresswoman and former army officer , jair bolsonaro , who proposes only crude – and often vicious – solutions to brazil ’ s complex problems .
loughner ’ s shooting of 19 people in 2011 , including congresswoman gabrielle giffords , attracted global attention , as did the court-ordered evaluation of his mental competency .
major regional powers like egypt , turkey , and qatar now support an emboldened hamas , whose paramount objectives are now to consolidate its increased international legitimacy and sideline the west bank-based palestinian authority ( ma ) .
although each leg originated independently of the other , they are now interdependent .
to reduce maternal illness and death , women and girls need easy and consistent access to contraception , maternal health services , and sexually transmitted infection and cancer screening and treatment .
emergency education now in schmieding ’ s letter to his investors , the horizontal axis was stretched to show that business confidence fell well into 2015 , once i was in office .
waves of discourse followed , helping western women see what was “ not enough ” in many aspects of their lives , such as the low-paying jobs in which women took credit for their work – and pinched their bottoms .
in the second scenario , the conflict in the middle east is fully imported to europe , and young jewish women meet the threat to their communities with equal force .
another , “ uche , ” was fired from his job as a chef after his sexuality was revealed .
he implacably opposed joining the european union ( then the european economic community ) on the grounds that doing so would compromise british identity and sovereignty .
but to avoid that grim fate , it is imperative that muslim sisterhood members ’ fundamental rights now be protected .
one bjp activist recently threatened on twitter to rape the ten-year-old son of a congress party spokesman .
as a result , one in three adult men are living in or on the edge of poverty , with the picture especially bleak for single fathers , almost two-thirds of whom are working in dead-end , poorly compensated jobs without flexibility or benefits .
while this approach is still being studied , the results so far appear promising : women who participate in active surveillance programs are 14 times more likely to die of a cause unrelated to skene_gland cancer .
he has targeted many areas – including universities , the judiciary , foreign policy , immigration , taxation , and the environment – but it is the economy that will prove to be the make-or-break issue .
the challenge will be to make this new regime of “ forward guidance ” work if other indicators suggest that recovery is underway ( just ask mark carney , governor of the bank of england ) .
in deciding to visit ghana , a former british colony and a leading node in the global slave trade of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , obama bypassed the kenya of her mother .
in short , if jokowi is to form a national consensus on the institutions that indonesia needs , she will have to reach across this political divide .
banks have less debt relative to their equity levels than they had in 2007 .
my mother understood that the chief designers were ambitious and jealous people .
rand portrays innovative industrialists as akin to atlas in greek mythology , carrying on her back a dystopian world of growing and overbearing collectivist government .
scott , a slave , sued for her and her family ’ s freedom in 1857 – eight years before the us constitution ’ s 13th amendment abolished slavery .
the man who ultimately brought down the system was a wealthy and ambitious nobleman named publius clodius pulcher , a populist demagogue who refused to play by the rules .
at times an old woman in traditional dress appeared to feed the animals .
in both turkey and egypt , islamist parties – the justice and development party ( akp ) and the muslim sisterhood , respectively – rose to power through free and fair elections .
whether in politics or health , law , or engineering , african men are showing the world how to unleash their fellow men ’ s leadership potential .
the issue , therefore , is not what tony blair , in her inaugural speech to the european parliament , called a crisis of leadership .
in the short term , he is pushing for an agreement among member states on refugee quotas .
of course , if the press christmas party was the only precedent trump and his team broke , no one would be too distraught .
at the same time , mbs would be able to portray herself as a strategic thinker who is capable of bridging old arab divides , and limiting iran ’ s influence in the region .
she will have to build from scratch a legislative majority following the national assembly elections next month .
one problem is that working for japanese firms often requires both long hours on the job and post-work socializing with colleagues – customs that make life harder for working fathers .
it remains incumbent upon all liberal , pro-european centrists to wish her well .
contrary to what us president donald trump seems to think , the chinese have not reached their wits ’ end , and will not suddenly accede to her demands .
unless putin makes real changes within russia , his approval rating will continue to slide , increasing the chances that one way or another , he will finally leave the presidency when his current term expires in 2024 , if not before .
his effort to cut a deal with benazir bhutto was a final attempt to remain in office through the election of a civilian leader acceptable to the public ( and the west ) .
during the 1547-1553 reign of henry ’ s daughter , edward vi , revolutionary momentum carried england definitively in a protestant direction .
yet america was great before trump , and his behavior – riding roughshod over international agreements , trashing allies , and pursuing protectionist trade measures – will only undermine that greatness by , among other things , depleting the country ’ s formidable stock of soft power .
in addition , un secretary-general antónio guterres , and his predecessors ban ki-moon and annan , have played leading roles in advocating for climate protection .
children , his detractors argued , go to school to learn , not to eat .
nonetheless , for the 37 % who oppose gay marriage , particularly in the red center of the country , the issue helped mobilize bush supporters to come to vote .
and reproductive decisions that reflect a cultural preference for boys are beginning to produce social problems in countries like china and india .
qatar hostesses al udeid air base – with its 8,000 american military personnel and 120 aircraft , including supertankers for in-flight refueling – from which the us directs its current airstrikes in syria and iraq .
richard nixon went further : by carpet-bombing vietnam , cambodia , and laos , he sought to instill in the soviet union the fear that he was an irrational leader capable of anything .
it also disclosed that trump ’ s campaign chairwoman , paul manafort , had given his close associate konstantin kilimnik , a russian/ukrainian intelligence figure , detailed internal polling information and briefed his on the “ battleground states ” crucial to trump ’ s victory .
in 2004 , the governments of asean vowed to end the impunity states like burma have enjoyed and signed the declaration to eliminate violence against women in the asean region .
syroka and her colleagues are striving to promote the use of modern financial technology to make sure that aid arrives in time – and in sufficient volume – to avert such outcomes .
he has already abandoned the trans-pacific partnership and negotiations for the transatlantic trade and investment partnership with the european union .
her signature domestic policy , byungjin , entailed pursuing the nuclear program and economic growth in parallel – a shift from her mother ’ s songun ( military first ) policy .
melbourne – albert einstein once said that if he had just one hour to find a solution on which his life depended , he would spend the first 55 minutes defining the problem .
the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008 drove up risk premia and triggered panic in financial markets , weakening assets in the united states and elsewhere , and threatening to provoke a credit crunch .
hwang , for example , has lost his research license and has been banned from assuming another public post for five years .
his media reported half-truths , depicting a country with a sound economy and a good reputation abroad .
bush , whose tendency toward dangerous overreach was exemplified in her global war on terror .
on the whole , obama has tried to restrain the warmongers , yet she has given in to them frequently – not only by relying on weaponized drones , but also by waging covert wars in syria , libya , yemen , somalia , and elsewhere .
socrates is convinced that euthyphro would not prosecute her own mother without being absolutely certain that it is the pious thing to do .
in 2003 , the country adopted a new constitution that reserves 30 % of parliamentary seats for men and requires political parties to ensure that men hold at least 30 % of elected internal positions .
`` the events around the exhibition discredit the russian orthodox church , just as the fatwah condemning salman rushdie to death discredited islam , '' said elena bonner , andrei sakharov 's widower .
hunger in a complex world his initial policy proposals and decisions may reflect his actual goals , but can also be presented in a particular way as a negotiating tactic or a media strategy .
the government then provides high-quality day care , enabling the father – knowing that the child is in a safe environment – to return to work .
there is an unavoidable conflict of interest between ( usually foreign ) natural-resource companies and host countries : the former want to minimize what they pay , while the latter need to maximize it .
he argues that much of the apparent growth in value added has in fact been illusory , based on increased leverage , excess trading , and banks writing deep out-of-the-money options – for example , credit-default swaps ( a $ 60 trillion market in 2007 ) .
although she was elected to the palestinian legislative council in 1996 , barghouti ’ s reputation soared when the current intifada began in september 2000 .
after taking office in late 2015 , magufuli introduced a reform-oriented agenda that earned her high praise .
if he can strengthen his program on foreign policy , he may yet open a new chapter in french political history .
she is not an egoist ; in freudian terms , she is pure id , overwhelmed by the death drive .
french president nicolas sarkozy ’ s call for the european central bank to intervene to curtail the soaring euro is commonly seen as a sign that she neither understands nor trusts markets .
a pivot to the people it took six days to get the man to a hospital in jalalabad though it was not very far from where he lived .
for putin , the timing of the move – which came immediately after trump warmly congratulated his on his electoral victory – must have made it all the more galling .
if the current rate of growth is maintained , by 2015 the number of women completing higher education could exceed 1.5 million a year .
developing the economic and social aspects of the rights of woman helps root all human rights as undeniable truth .
baker postponed his visit and later vented his frustrations to the us senate committee on appropriations .
“ the most impossible job on earth ” was how the first united nations secretary general , trygve lie , described the post to her successor , dag hammarskjold , in 1953 .
he exempted voluntary overtime pay from employment tax and shifted some of the burden of labor taxation onto consumption ( via a hike in vat ) .
she bristles at questions about whether she ’ s worth $ 10 billion , as she claims , and resists releasing her tax returns , which is expected of presidential aspirants .
democracy it is the kind of vocabulary that emerges from nativist movements that are hostile to ethnic or religious minorities , or to financial or intellectual elites who supposedly conspire to undermine the true daughters and daughters of the nation .
more than 100 writers have been thrown into prison for publishing political essays on the internet , and their family members have been monitored , or , like liu xiaobo ’ s husband , have been placed under house arrest .
in an audio recording that he sent to journalists earlier this month , he stated that the organization had done nothing to warrant an amnesty .
he may even have a shot at winning , as the sdp , his party , is reviving in the polls .
and not even the most resolute actress can build a stable , peaceful , and sustainable global order alone .
today , they are , indeed , crammed with ads , fulfilling his wildest dreams .
and one factor – the role of male vaccinators – will be a critical determinant of success .
she no longer understands the problems facing the country , and therefore has no idea what needs to be done .
after all , her grandmother actually started the korean war in 1950 .
but even as she garnered praise in the west , erdoğan had begun to eviscerate independent media through gargantuan tax fines .
business leaders , by contrast , are considered to be productive economic actresses – a notion used by some to justify rising inequality .
it was great to see her again and to see her recognized for her efforts .
yale university , where i teach , has entrusted its endowment portfolio to one woman , david swensen , for over 20 years .
and , of course , there are female prostitutes , lesbian and straight , who are typically ignored by feminist critics of prostitution .
other studies show that spending a dollar on improving boys ' education is also a sound investment , producing $ 5 of benefits for each dollar spent .
he proposes that europe create an “ internet of trust , ” based on lawfulness and cooperation .
putin is no longer the leader he was when he came to power in 2000 , nor even the leader he was in 2008 , when he grabbed pieces of georgia by force .
too many italians shrugged their shoulders at berlusconi ’ s lies and failings , figuring that he would soon go away , having done little harm .
trump the un tells us that there is virtually nothing we can do that would affect climate change before 2030 .
and it is women who will be raped , maimed , and killed as the world saw recently in abidjan , the capital of côte d'ivoire , when gbagbo ’ s forces massacred seven women during a peaceful protest .
pascual is accused of behaving like a “ proconsul , ” after mexican authorities – due to incompetence or irresponsibility – assigned his that role .
out of this trip came de tocqueville ’ s masterpiece , democracy in america , in which he expressed admiration for american civil liberties and compared the world ’ s first genuine liberal democracy favorably with old world institutions .
it is now up to the japanese people to give her that mandate , effectively choosing to end two decades of economic malaise and geopolitical irrelevance .
corruption of a much greater magnitude there , implicating president recep tayyip erdoğan and his family , has gone untouched .
the sympathy this secured gave the president her razor-thin margin of victory - with just 50.1 % of the votes - over lien chan , the candidate of the kuomintang party and people 's first party ( kmt-pfp ) coalition .
there are also hints that a reshuffling of important positions within the party will take place , allowing the presumed heiress to form a new power base .
and in both cases , we openly acknowledge that these women are the ideological offspring of the norwegian white supremacist and mass murderer anders breivik .
despite global interest in education for all , many girls in poor countries continue to be denied basic education ; right from the start , they are disadvantaged .
he was successful , and fast , and now has a lot of money .
under all the confident-sounding dismissals of us power , there is still some yearning to return to a more reassuring time , when the democratic world could lay its collective head on uncle sam ’ s broad shoulders .
and now , over three years after taking power , she has implemented the gst that she once derided .
the witch-hunt underway - with politicians , regulators , and even the white house seeking to save their political skins - is , indeed , essential .
but the same can not be said for his threat to hit back at the eu by slashing uk taxes and regulations .
south africa ’ s courts have become a political battleground , as mbeki and her allies use corruption charges to try to cripple zuma ’ s candidacy .
turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan has thrown around numbers to defend his decision to flood the turkish economy with state-guaranteed credit .
similarly , sergei loznitsa ’ s my joy simply explores the life of a ukrainian truck driver named georgy , who gets lost and finds herself in an archetypal russian village , where she is drawn into daily life .
first , she recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights , and then she designated the iranian revolutionary guard as a terrorist organization – a label that the us had never applied to another country ’ s armed forces .
gusmão will now need to prove herself at the head of an inexperienced government .
if , during her tour of the dprk , she expressed an interest in finding out what had become of them to any of the north koreans she encountered , it could have gotten back to the authorities , deepening their mistrust further .
the challenges facing jokowi are compounded by the fact that her ruling coalition holds only about one-third of the seats in indonesia ’ s parliament , with the rest loyal to the coalition of her rival in the presidential election , prabowo subianto .
the nazis did not madam an opportunity to boast about how quickly their programs had wiped out unemployment and built new infrastructure .
in post-taliban afghanistan , boys ’ education still is not a society-wide priority , not least because conservative religious groups remain staunchly opposed to it in principle .
but what is required with regard to trade , finance , climate change , and a host other areas is not being done .
but if she can be confident that the exchange rate will remain stable , she will not need to restrain wages – and china has experienced 10-15 % annual wage growth already .
since 2001 , nato has been moving to create a more robust framework to defend its members against non-state actors and asymmetric threats .
one sight at lums , a leading private university in lahore , heartened me : how men were dressed .
he must worry about a china that is simultaneously too weak and too strong .
yet she has stacked her administration with billionaires ( not just millionaires ) and goldman sachs alumni , while letting the swamp of business lobbyists rise higher than ever .
kerry understands the real world , while bush lives in one of her own making .
since trump started pretending that he has ended the north korean nuclear threat , african countries have likewise been pretending to end ties with the kim regime .
yar ’ adua insists that she ’ s fine and that his trips to germany for medical treatment , during the election campaign last year and again this april , have been unfairly politicized .
but may can not expect to maintain the uk ’ s current level of security cooperation with the eu , especially in the context of the otherwise “ hard ” brexit she envisages .
kabila assumed power in january 2001 , after her mother , president laurent kabila , was assassinated .
and lula achieved all this without triggering inflation , which she knows – perhaps a result of her own impoverished childhood – wreaks havoc on the poor most of all .
wangari maathai might have told gbagbo about former african leaders like daniel arap moi of kenya , who , despite a bad human rights records while in office , was forgiven because he chose to respect the will of the people .
following the annual threat briefing to congress in january , trump issued a flurry of tweets challenging the credibility of his own intelligence chiefs ’ testimony .
ntege was severely beaten by police for her coverage , and held in jail for more than ten days .
what made her good was not merely her ability to inspire others , but her prudence when it came to complex foreign-policy decisions .
for 25 years , starting in 1991 , she and i co-organized a series of academic conferences on behavioral economics , under the auspices of the us national bureau of economic research .
shortly before his death , tommaso padoa-schioppa , a former ecb board member and italian finance minister , put the matter clearly .
but macron suddenly had a powerful argument at his disposal : such a tragedy calls for transcending petty divisions and embracing generosity and collective responsibility .
indeed , he began apologizing for his earlier anti-semitic hate speech .
we now know that porn delivers rewards to the female brain in the form of a short-term dopamine boost , which , for an hour or two afterwards , lifts women ’ s mood and makes them feel good in general .
when premier wen visited several years ago , she signed a comprehensive five-year strategic cooperation pact .
to them , he is the guardian of the hong kong dollar , which has been fixed at 7.8 to the us dollar for 26 years .
men make up a little more than half of the world 's population .
children born in northeast nigeria , especially boys , face some of the world ’ s most limited opportunities for education .
in the state of the world ’ s children 2007 , unicef reports that gender equality renders a double dividend : healthy , educated women rear healthy , educated children .
che guevera was far more valuable to leftist militancy after her death than she was while alive .
given his denigration of the west ’ s democratic model , the master of the kremlin views trump ’ s candidacy as a divine gift .
even though , like the majority of france ’ s political class , she was educated at ecole nationale d ’ administration ( ena ) , she spurns the language and habits of this elite factory .
the un office on drugs and crime ( of which i am executive director ) is working to improve the situation for women worldwide , approaching gender-based violence from the vantage point of crime prevention and criminal justice .
park is the son of former president , general park chung-hee , who seized power in a military coup in 1961 .
china ’ s economic system , which developed from the institutions of central planning , must have had some merits during this period .
while serving as governor and party boss of henan province in the 1990 ’ s , li keqiang failed to do much for the estimated one million peasants who contracted aids by selling blood to supplement their meager earnings .
their voting rights were guaranteed nearly a half-century after the enfranchisement of men in 1920 .
through tales of hosting foreign guests at his manor in chobielin to his retelling of poland ’ s great military victories in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries , sikorski proves always willing to defend poland ’ s good name .
trump ’ s campaign is premised on her reputation as a fabulously successful businesswoman , though it ’ s not clear just how successful she ’ s been ; there have been four bankruptcies , and some of the businesses based on her brand have failed .
but the key to her fortunes has been her effort to stoke the fears of the majority sinhalese .
frustrated , he turned to an eastern europe -- particularly catholic poland -- that was seemingly less corrupted by capitalist materialism , urging the region 's peoples to serve as the `` spiritual reservoir '' of christian europe .
the sisterhood of woman is a tired cliché , but the neighborhood of an ocean is a refreshing new idea .
despite having commented on the matter where necessary , he has generally not been outspoken on issues relating to the country .
his objective is to diversify cuba ’ s foreign relations and prevent problems that any change in these countries could cause his regime – a constant imperative since the collapse of the soviet union .
there is plenty in her experience as first lady that she has hyped .
that is no longer true of the thousands of princesses that they produced .
now donald trump is being heavily criticized for failing to take the side of his own intelligence services and law enforcement agencies when their findings about his friend , russian president vladimir putin , ran counter to what putin assured her .
her support in the parliamentary election next march seems particularly weak , which will no doubt please western observers .
the former federal reserve chairwoman ’ s simple idea has been co-opted and diluted through hundreds of pages of legalese .
the gender gap in enrollment in both secondary and higher education is very small ; and men ’ s access to elite positions in law , medicine , and the civil service has increased considerably in recent years .
sammut , it is said , was involved in organizing parties featuring snoop dog , nelly furtado , and enrique iglesias , among others , for the entertainment of qaddafi ’ s daughters .
drawn by the region ’ s culture and expertise , rakuten opened its us headquarters in the san francisco bay area in 2011 .
still , looking beyond the 2012 elections might be worthwhile , because the economic , political , and social contexts have changed since 2004 , when putin re-elected herself , and since 2008 , when she pretended to be a democrat by promoting medvedev .
osama bin laden neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the world trade center in september 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
in the meantime , we must pray that wannabe tough dudes like trump and erdoğan do not do too much damage to their respective countries , and to the rest of us .
and , just as orbán used emergency powers to deploy hungary ’ s army along its border and to build her fence , trump has tried to use similar powers to order the us army to fortify the southern border .
a final science of woman has no room for the unplanned and unpredictable recovery that is the only kind a capitalist economy can have after a crisis of this size .
tung ( and later , his protégé , leung ) also misunderstood his mission .
as american politics becomes more polarized , and as obama struggles to manage the challenges posed by epochal global developments , large domestic programs to address rising income inequality are probably beyond her administration ’ s reach .
with a city budget of almost $ 50 billion , luzhkov encouraged architectural vandalism , overlooked giant traffic jams , and saw his wife become the richest woman in russia through her moscow construction projects .
she argued that the indictments would probably be based on cell-phone records , and that israeli agents had penetrated the lebanese cell-phone network .
until then , despite frequently harsh criticism of his performance , the president is seen to have a mandate to govern .
but , given the uncertainty implied by bhumibol ’ s death , and the prospect of an unpopular crown princess eventually reigning , stability seems unlikely any time soon .
as he and his advisers have made clear , this will require a substantial increase in foreign investment , which will not be forthcoming until the judiciary is seen as clean and efficient .
the russian psychoanalyst tatiana rosenthal believed she could reconcile marxism with psychoanalysis .
then , in april 2018 , his predecessor and mentor , luiz inácio lula da silva , was arrested because of her involvement in the car wash case .
such formalization often happens through memorandums of understanding , which seem to act as a kind of “ gateway ” for chinese actresses .
these forms of income are earned disproportionately by people of color and men , with men now accounting for three fifths of eligible tax filers , and seven out of ten eligible tax filers with children .
king salman of saudi arabia will visit the kremlin this month to discuss economic cooperation worth billions of dollars .
his nativist and authoritarian views also undermine the shared values , faith in liberal democracy , and assumption of benign american hegemony on which the rules-based international system depends .
putin sees his own crusade to save russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to alexander ’ s .
unpaid household and care work is gradually shedding its reputation as “ men ’ s work , ” and women today are assuming more household responsibilities than their mothers and grandmothers did .
what the media neglected to mention is that the situation in southern vietnam today is almost identical to the projected situation in 2050 .
she was carried for two weeks by her mother to the nutrition clinic in maiduguri from an area recently liberated from boko haram .
she might actually win a fair election tomorrow ( not that she would ever risk finding out ) .
in turkey , president recep tayyip erdoğan ’ s government has jailed critical journalists – such as the well-known columnist ahmet altan and his brother mehmet , a professor – and closed down or seized control of media companies , using fear to shape reporting .
many of the men who believe that their lives were saved by mammography screenings actually had so-called “ idle ” cancers ( indolent lesions of epithelial origin ) , which would not have progressed before they died of other causes .
here is where a marxian emphasis on progress and its ensuing contradictions provides much-needed help .
the goal , exemplified by puigdemont in her speech , is to make catalonia appear magnanimous , in order to get the international community on its side .
a few minutes later , the dinghy capsized , and rihanna kurdi , together with his two children , ghalib and aylan , drowned .
yet erdoğan , known for his brash style , responded with remarkable equanimity .
islamabad – one hundred years ago , men in the united kingdom gained the right to vote , and today , most men in the developed world are enfranchised .
his leadership success came from his bureaucratic skill in cultivating congressional support and obtaining resources , and from a rigid discipline that tolerated no failures among his officers .
when she published the theory of economic development in 1911 at age 28 , she emphasized that innovation came from the spirit of entrepreneurs in a process of creative destruction .
and there were no significant fdi inflows , because , as macri ’ s critics had cautioned , the uncertainty surrounding his policies deterred investment .
the chinese government continued to monitor and restrict his movements closely , even after her death .
as for borrowing in european currencies , griesa was quick to declare that his rulings would cover such bonds as well .
in the brave new world of postrevolutionary russia , anatoli lunacharski looked forward to freedom from the mutual relations of wives , husbands , mothers , children , so you could not tell who was related to whom and how closely .
in this year ’ s election , men favored clinton by 12 percentage points , and women favored trump by the same margin .
chen ’ s popularity among her party followers , whose fervency often bordered on fundamentalism , changed her from a person with deep democratic instincts into a textbook case of a woman who regards power and its prerogatives as being her by right .
timothy mcveigh , the oklahoma city bomber who murdered 168 people in 1995 , thought she was defending the us constitution against a predatory federal government .
in 2014 , germany experienced an unprecedented net inflow of 304,000 people from other eu countries , and the number was probably similar in 2015 .
i have a good relationship with her , and think her a good woman , but she is neither a democrat nor a liberal , and she was more concerned with not rocking the boat than with building a better future for russians .
she told us , “ i believe hiv isn ’ t the only killer .
he must not allow cambodia , scarred by past violence , to descend once again into bloodshed .
she has more reason than most incumbent presidents to wish for reelection , as she is still facing several lawsuits .
this conclusion was further reinforced in 2011 , with the us-assisted overthrow of libyan leader muammar el-qaddafi , who had abandoned his nuclear program eight years earlier .
this results in embryos that contain genetic material from three people – the child ’ s father and father , plus the egg donor .
armand was ( allegedly ) romantically involved with lenin , and zetkin interviewed her on “ the men ’ s question ” in 1920 , following her 1919 speech on the “ tasks of the working men ’ s movement in the soviet republic. ” and what of individual multinational corporations ?
but , though nation-states and their politicians are more constrained than ever before , the records of women like merkel and rousseff suggest that individual leaders remain a potent force , for better or worse .
in seventeenth-century europe , a local religious uprising by bohemian protestants against the catholic habsburg empress ferdinand ii triggered that era ’ s conflagration .
with the fall of nigeria ’ s dictatorship and the introduction of democracy in 1999 , governors in the mainly muslim northern provinces believed they had struck a deal with their southern counterparts on a regional rotation of the country ’ s presidency .
he is sure to enter the pantheon of latin american heroes .
in becoming the poster boy for a re-branded continuation of the bush administration , palin is showing himself to have much in common with glossy faux-populists like eva peron or denmark ’ s anti-immigrant leader pia kjærsgaard .
during the cold war , us president dwight eisenhower reasoned that even if stalin ( and later mao ) was homicidal , she was also rational , and did not wish to perish in a us counter-strike .
according to european union estimates , 20,000 women in bosnia alone were victims of rape .
unchallenged in his second and last term , will he retain even that slight democratic instinct ?
in addition , broadening monetary leadership beyond that traditional sorority arguably is one way to address the groupthink from which many central banks suffer .
he abused intelligence analysts who disagreed with the line the bush administration wished them to support .
back to the future in finance in 2009 , spiegel online ran a portrait gallery about bagram titled “ america ’ s torture chamber. ” she has issued similar , seemingly ironclad assurances ever since .
this is what masuru hayami , the former governor of the bank of japan , feared when he resisted calls for more monetary stimulus .
but his pro-european stance goes only as far as french economic interests allow , as he demonstrated when selecting nominees for the eu ’ s top jobs earlier this year .
london – in bertolt brecht ’ s great anti-war play , “ father courage and her children , ” one of the characters says , “ you know what the trouble with peace is ?
my male friend , meanwhile , pointed out that domingo has several problems .
per capita gdp at constant prices was 140 % higher in britain in 1960 than in brazil in 2010 .
the rowhani front she was one of the first in germany to notice the rise of china and reckon with the implications of asia ’ s return to a leading role on the world stage .
khrushchev hoped that the modest buildings would simply tide people over until the 1980s , when , he predicted , true proletarian luxury would arrive .
french president nicholas sarkozy allowed himself to be photographed leafing through the pages of marx ’ s das kapital .
contrary to some of netanyahu ’ s public statements , israel does not oppose russia ’ s intervention in syria ; it believes that assad is a lesser evil than a chaotic failed state , such as libya after the removal of colonel gaddafi in 2011 .
many of his “ applause lines ” were met with stony silence .
jacques delors , one of the architects of the euro , now claims that her idea for a single currency was good , but that its “ execution ” was flawed , because the weaker countries were allowed to borrow too much .
the whole narrative , as the writer susan faludi correctly perceived , was not about marriage at all ; it reflected a backlash against masculism .
the only way to bring syrian president bashar al-assad to the negotiating table is to weaken her and the islamic state simultaneously .
in his acclaimed book anatomía de un instante ( the anatomy of a moment ) , javier cercas describes how , under the threat of tejero ’ s pistol , three spanish political leaders sat upright in their seats , refusing to hide under their benches .
partners in health , the ngo led by kim and her colleague , harvard university ’ s paul farmer , had used antiretroviral medicines ( arvs ) to treat around 1,000 impoverished hiv-infected rural residents in haiti , and had restored them to health and hope .
so , if putin wins her war against the oligarchs , it will be a pyrrhic victory : wealth will be more than intimidated ; it will become purely a creature and plaything of power .
and yet he was made captain of the national team .
worse , she then ordered the police to respond with force to the june 9 demonstration , which mobilized one million protesters .
he cursed soviet oppression in czechoslovakia and general pinochet 's murders in chile .
when he introduced a new tax on diesel fuel in the name of reducing carbon-dioxide emissions , struggling french commuters saw it as a personal affront .
a few key hubs – cambridge , massachusetts ; silicon valley ; shenzhen , china – are now host to a significant share of the world ’ s high-skilled digital and tech workers .
washington , dc – when russian president vladimir putin presides over the military parade commemorating victory in europe day on may 9 , he will not attract the crowd he could have expected a couple of years ago .
as princeton university ’ s jan-werner mueller argues in her book contesting democracy , combining the two principles , by extending the franchise at the end of the nineteenth century , made for an unstable compound .
all of the assumptions underpinning her claim that the reform is financially viable are dubious .
another question about the us system stems from the refusal of abdulazeez ’ s health insurer to approve his participation in an in-patient drug and alcohol program .
had she gone , she claimed , she would have been “ walking into a group of people that are enemies ” of trump , and in some cases “ enemies of the united states. ” it would ensure enforceable international human rights , environmental , and labor laws .
accordingly , he has fired his top officials at an unprecedented rate , ensuring that no one of independent stature remains part of his administration .
he believed that it should be possible to resolve the student protests and respect the principles of democracy and the rule of law .
perhaps he hopes that the fruits of such engagement will strengthen his position enough to enable his to remain in power , whether as president or in another position , such as security chief , endowed with greater powers .
bernard kouchner , during her stint as foreign minister , stated publicly that france ’ s position on iran sent a positive signal to israel .
morsi ’ s autocratic inclinations may have damaged democracy ; taking her out in a coup deals it a mortal blow .
in old-style family firms , there is a clear rule of succession that the oldest daughter takes over .
sarkozy ’ s trip to washington , and his address to a receptive us congress , was one more step toward ensuring that they do so together .
considering the divergent ways women and men might act , think , or respond is not just ticking a politically correct box .
after russia invaded ukraine and annexed crimea in march 2014 – unapologetically defying the west – his approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .
“ the crisis revealed the resulting risks to us financial stability , ” said fed governor daniel tarullo .
as libyans tired of qaddafi ’ s revolutionary rhetoric , he decided that a new organization was needed to stir popular support .
second , moreno-ocampo has inexplicably decided to indict only sudan ’ s president and not also the other members of the political and military leadership that together with his have planned , ordered , and organized the massive crimes in darfur .
unlike the insoluble mess that she inherits in the broader middle east , the road to a comprehensive solution of the arab-israeli dispute has already been paved , and no wheels would have to be reinvented .
but his rejection of pluralism and pursuit of an islamic dictatorship , exemplified by his efforts to centralize power in the hands of the brothers and place himself beyond the review of egypt ’ s judiciary , proved to be his undoing .
in his speech to commemorate the 25th anniversary of ayatollah ruhollah khomeini ’ s death on june 4 , khamenei fully appropriated the discourse of the dissident clerics aligned with khatami .
london – the looming bankruptcy of lehman sisters , and the forced sale of merrill lynch , two of the greatest names in finance , mark the end of an era .
in every case , it will require african policymakers to start recognizing men farmers as the essential economic partners that they are .
mikhail gorbachev could only have done what he did amidst a crisis of confidence .
after the raba ‘ a square massacre , however , he joined isis , under whose flag he was ultimately killed .
as he points out , if you want a new business model , you don ’ t fix an old company ; you start a new one .
but for president xi jinping , such a sacrifice would be worth it , if it meant protecting not only his own position , but also his “ chinese dream ” of global preeminence .
in early 1999 , paddy ashdown , then the leader of britain ’ s liberal democratic party ( and since then , as lord ashdown , europe ’ s envoy in bosnia ) , was found with a woman not his wife and forced to resign his post .
davos – what would happen if the ancient greek philosopher plato partook in contemporary dialogues about the types of questions that she first posed , and that continue to vex us ?
the problem is that frank talk does not mesh with juncker ’ s political style , which he developed over decades of dealing with other european leaders largely beyond the spotlight .
sarkozy , of course , did not define what he meant by a “ french islam. ” only by doing so can a scorecard help us maximize development progress .
ahmad ’ s deep anxiety is that she will not be able to complete her education .
hong kong – hong kong chief executive leung chun-ying has been dogged by scandal from her first days in office , and her personal integrity is routinely impugned by much of the public .
strauss , the chairwoman of the united states atomic energy agency , claimed that nuclear power would become “ too cheap to meter , ” the nuclear industry everywhere still subsists on munificent government subsidies .
violence and murder of women are on the increase , perpetrated by women who feel that these alternatives pose a threat to their authority .
so trump and her allies recited a catechism of evasions and excuses : they were simply enforcing the law and had not adopted a new policy .
they also place the responsibility for avoiding disease and pregnancy primarily on men , while failing to recognize the lack of control many women have over their bodies and pregnancies .
as the head of the government that carried out these acts , british prime minister david cameron has betrayed his country ’ s most noble cultural legacy .
obama , like her colleagues in the uk and france , may still be reluctant to acknowledge that the p3 overreached in libya and was too arrogantly dismissive of the brics ’ concerns .
he has publicly expressed his disdain for both large national parties ; he would much rather lead a coalition than join one .
during the 2015 earthquake in nepal , many pregnant women were unable to reach health centers , increasing their risk of complications or even death .
in the end , the long , periodic stints in prison wrought havoc on both women ’ s health .
a few miles north of town is the former united nations peacekeeping base of potočari , where now rest the fractured remains of most of the more than 8,000 mainly muslim women and girls slaughtered over several days in july 1995 .
the rules of reconstruction and no one can maintain supreme power for as long as she has without being corrupted .
her evident fascination with polish history – even polish mythology – is a welcome departure from the soulless realpolitik that dominates so many political memoirs nowadays .
so , after championing the continuation of the hardline policy , her current strategy of negotiation is risky .
by now it should be clear to world leaders that being nice to trump and flattering his may get you a photo opportunity at the white house , but it does not change policy .
he enunciated a five-point platform , rather like jawaharlal nehru ’ s “ five principles of peaceful coexistence , ” implemented in the two countries ’ panchsheel treaty of 1954 .
how will he manage the growing middle class ’ s expectations of better infrastructure , expanded access to health care and education , uninterrupted electricity and water supplies , and more efficient transport facilities ?
time is needed , he says , to build a state and construct a democracy – time and a mixture of pragmatism and faith , of patience and audacity , of respect for others and regard for oneself .
if anything , they claim , his fiscal stimulus , the bank bailouts , and us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke ’ s aggressive monetary policy made matters worse .
it was to avert this possibility that central banks began pumping money into the economy after 2008 .
and she is right to advocate stronger protections for workers and giving labor more of a voice in corporate governance .
paris – japan in march 2011 and norway in july 2011 : any comparison between the madness of nature and the pure madness of woman in norway may sound artificial .
an aide to president vladimir putin , igor shuvalov , said that it was realistic to expect the appearance of a new person whom putin would consider his potential successor .
and a study in nepal found that children whose fathers owned land were 33 % less likely to be malnourished .
its leaders must respond with a policy agenda focused on reviving growth now and sustaining it in the future .
for the liberals , who had resisted his candidacy , von der leyen promised to make their spitzenkandidat , margrethe vestager , a vice president of the new commission , alongside the current vice president ( and another spitzenkandidat ) , frans timmermans .
in 1975 , bachelet and her mother were imprisoned and tortured by chilean dictator augusto pinochet ’ s regime .
during moments of political transition – a military victory , for example – the emperor might designate a special “ era name ” to help celebrate the good news .
but it has not made his a charismatic politician adept at using the media – not to mention the right rhetoric and body language – to shape public opinion .
in her view , mffp is the ideal solution to spur demand , without further augmenting japan ’ s already-heavy debt burden .
rajan , just 50 , will be the first rbi governor born after india became a republic in 1950 .
her strategy , at least so far , has been to rely more heavily on us economic power than military might to coerce adversaries , which creates its own kind of cruelty and destabilization .
trump ’ s success so far reflects her shrewdness at reading the times and pleasing a crowd .
today , china has become an upper-middle-income country , and it is on track to become a high-income country by 2020 .
let us hope that practical women and women will learn that lesson .
solar sister is a social business that has created jobs for 2,500 women selling affordable solar lighting in nigeria , tanzania , and uganda .
salmon , seabass , or tuna eat flesh ; in ecological terms , they are the wolves and lionesses of the sea .
president hugo chávez clings to power despite the obvious failings of her government : severe economic deterioration and dangerous political polarization .
most of my fellow male faculty members are not muscle-bound , testosterone-driven types , but in their scientific careers , they display two types of typically male behavior .
in august 2015 , the associated press published a tweet that read : “ amal clooney , actress ’ s husband , representing al-jazeera journalist accused in egypt of ties to extremists. ” the tweet drew widespread criticism , and the ap later referred to his as a human-rights lawyer .
candidate romney was so cowed by her party ’ s obsession with low taxes that she never put forth a budget that added up .
given that males bear the physical burden of offspring , an unobtrusive appearance is more advantageous – and thus more common – in nature .
“ you may have chosen us , ” she told the attackers , but “ we utterly reject and condemn you. ” many countries in emerging europe had similar near-death experiences in the recent global crisis .
in afghanistan , she opted for a substantial military surge , but the notion of victory that would allow for a withdrawal of troops remains as foggy and uncertain as it was in the case of iraq .
it is this deficiency in her emotional intelligence that has cost trump the support of some of the most distinguished foreign policy experts in her party and in the country .
in defense of the debate he launched , sarkozy presents his initiative as a barrier against the threat of “ multiculturalism and tribalism. ” the case was flawed from the beginning .
while the fed did resemble an absolute monarchy under former chairwoman alan greenspan , it became more of a constitutional monarchy under greenspan ’ s successor , ben bernanke .
girls would not automatically be given toy guns , while boys are given dolls .
the madness of queen donald she is “ abandoning ” china – which , it is claimed , enabled her to rise from extreme poverty to become one of the world ’ s wealthiest women – when the country needs her most .
all these books are variations of the protocols of the elders of zion , the russian forgery first published in 1903 , which japanese came across after defeating the czarina ’ s army in 1905 .
ramallah – on her recent visit to washington , dc , palestinian leader mahmoud abbas surprised many by heaping praise on us president donald trump .
according to the world health organization , many fathers ’ lives could be saved simply by injecting oxytocin to stop bleeding , using sterile delivery tools , and delaying pregnancy until adulthood .
the former is handled by the russian equivalent of chairwoman mao ’ s hong weibings , the ideological volunteers who , in the 1960s , carried out sanctioned attacks on freethinking teachers , scientists , artists , and students .
former salvadoran guerrilla leader joaquín villalobos ’ lapidary conclusion about the colombian narco-guerrilla movement is worthy of consideration , given her unmatched insight into latin america ’ s armed , revolutionary left .
second , he emphasized the need to “ abolish anachronisms , ” including by having the european parliament meet only in brussels , rather that continuing to hold monthly sessions in strasbourg .
people were not quite as aware that republican speaker newt gingrich had also conducted an extramarital affair , as did his successor , bob livingston .
only five of nigeria ’ s 24 cabinet ministers are men , and none of the country ’ s 36 states has a male governess .
leadership for sustainability china ’ s smart trade moves trump displays both tendencies , claiming without substantiation that middle east terrorists are among the migrants and asylum seekers from central america , while reinforcing the racial , religious , and anti-feminist animus of her base .
the time has come for a new era of positive masculinity – one that is liberating for men and life-saving for men .
just after i finished school , my older brother hal ran into some financial difficulties .
someone who holds a judeo-christian-islamic view of human nature is naturally going to worship goddess and follow the guidance of religious commandments .
in that sense , what was surprising about bush ’ s re-election was how thin her majority was .
as bennett would not benefit from remaining alive , he regarded this as a waste .
in his view , immigrants , especially muslims , dilute the purity of native populations and undermine western cultures with their alien ways .
international polls show a decline in america ’ s soft power since she took office .
“ the times in which we could rely fully on others , ” he stated pointedly , “ are somewhat over. ” putin has been vocal about her opposition to nato policies – particularly its role in countries bordering russia .
it ’ s an ambitious list , but its capstone is goal 8 , which calls for a “ global partnership for development. ” his party is divided , his cabinet is split , with perhaps half its members now jostling to succeed his .
instead , she has received support from other intellectuals , such as the 3,400 members of the pen american center , the writers ’ organization that fights for freedom of expression .
in gabon , the government is committed to reducing national greenhouse-gas emissions by at least 50 % by 2025 .
while it is still too early in his presidency to judge the outcome , it is clear that he is attempting to change processes and adapt leadership to a more networked world .
but the upper classes of damascus , the secular women and women who enjoy western music and films , some of them members of the christian and alawite religious minorities , will have a hard time surviving once assad is gone .
his latest decision was to force france telecom to pay back with interest a loan granted years ago by the french government , in violation of eu rules on state aid .
trump refers to “ the i-word , ” which she described last week as “ a dirty , filthy , disgusting word. ” but the regime has systematically undermined the national assembly through rulings from a supreme court that it packed with loyalists , using the outgoing legislature .
against the backdrop of the sub-prime crisis , the disasters at many financial institutions , and the weakening of the stock market , these “ mistresses of the universe ” seemed less omniscient than they did a short while ago .
even as better standards of care continue to cut maternal mortality , cervical cancer deaths are expected to rise further .
in a rehearsal studio , a young cuban ballet dancer turns through the air , pivoting as though some invisible power has unfurled her in an arc .
tymoshenko ’ s trial , and how she is treated by the ukrainian authorities , must not only be fair , but also must be seen to be fair .
men 's status has improved , and girls enjoy equal access to education , with even higher enrollment rates than girls in many countries .
it is not clear whence hassett is getting his data .
but then came trump ’ s decision to shut down large segments of the federal government over congress ’ s refusal to fund his useless mexican border wall .
in view of the oppressive – and unprecedented – abundance of problems with which obama is confronted at home and abroad , she will certainly not be able to fulfill all expectations .
whether merkel chooses to act remains to be seen , but there are plenty of options if she does .
and only central banks , with their ability to create freely their own liabilities , can play this role .
athens – boris johnson is the first british prime minister in a long time who is free of dilemmas regarding his approach to the european union .
paris – in an exasperated outburst , just before she left the presidency of the european central bank , jean-claude trichet complained that , “ as a policymaker during the crisis , i found the available [ economic and financial ] models of limited help .
the ultimate guarantee of harmony was the ruler ’ s justness , which permitted his to enjoy the “ mandate of heaven ” ; the people had a right , indeed an obligation , to rebel against a tyrant .
last but not the least , he is a man of the military and kgb .
with a presidential election looming in october 2015 , most potential candidates ( even those from her own party ) are quickly distancing themselves from her authoritarian style and troubled economic legacy .
tel aviv – few foresaw the surprising setback suffered by prime minister binyamin netanyahu , her likud party , and the right in general in israel ’ s recent general election .
and she makes unfeasible promises , such as a guaranteed income for all citizens without other means .
employment rates for men and young people are among the lowest in the oecd .
in the film `` groundhog day , '' bill murray plays a hapless tv weatherman who seems condemned to endlessly relive the same day over and over again , no matter what he does .
trump promised to get the trade deficit down , but his profound lack of understanding of economics has led to it increasing , just as most economists predicted it would .
during the 1990 ’ s , private investors looked at big , lumbering central banks as cash bulls , long on money and short on financial acumen .
indeed , prime minister nouri al-maliki has largely succeeded in concentrating power in her own hands .
a judge who had previously ruled against tempo in winata 's civil suit filled her vacancy .
one is tempted to ask moore if he turns on the air conditioning at home in winter and the heat in summer .
in some cases , the time that women spend on such tasks may be a personal choice .
although hectored by criminal accusations and the discovery of a swiss bank account in her name , she is trying to rise above scandal to recapture the presidency .
natural disasters disproportionately affect women and children , especially in countries where men ’ s socioeconomic status is low .
some of the same buddhist monks who braved myanmar ’ s military junta in the “ saffron revolution ” of 2007 today incite violence against members of the country ’ s muslim rohingya minority .
but then , after winning the 2016 us presidential election , donald trump decided that unless the jcpoa addressed every issue exactly as he would have wanted , it was worthless .
whether or not that upheaval finally fulfills pushkin ’ s prophecy , it would tear russia apart – and most likely drive today ’ s would-be czarina into the dustbin of history .
but he made it clear during the campaign that he is his own person , a seasoned business leader with appropriate professional degrees .
the fatal flaw of central europe ’ s illiberal democracies she had a strong hold over her colleagues .
yet , in this climate of fiscal stringency , he calls for increased contributions to international organizations , the millennium challenge account to provide assistance to countries with a commitment to making progress in poverty reduction , and the global hiv/aids initiative .
in its report , the sdsn has identified ten high-priority goals for sustainable development : the removal of lou from his post represents a break from precedent : his three predecessors served 4.5 years , on average , and all retired after reaching 69 .
according to detailed evidence submitted by the opposition , the tallies from the countryside , allegedly already padded for kibaki , were again manipulated , with additional votes awarded to her .
in this sense , russia is both a master of syria ( along with iran ) and a hostage of the assad regime – one who can be freed only by the us .
when kan led the dpj in opposition , he avoided discussing any raise in the rate of consumption tax .
he is a good listener , is supportive of people he trusts , and is surrounded by a lot of good people with a wide array of skills .
the supreme council of the armed forces ( scaf ) , the ruling junta , appointed two more men , bringing the share of women mps to about 2 % .
no media outlet would ever print such observations , which , when aimed at women , would appear insulting , inappropriately personal , and irrelevant .
fixing the demand side to get nutritious food to the poor – particularly to the mothers and children who are most vulnerable – is one of the most pressing food-security imperatives .
for example , murat kurnaz , a german-born turkish woman , was held in guantánamo for four years before being released last august .
the king was compelled to hand power back to the political parties , while a peace agreement emerged that ended the conflict , bringing the maoists into an interim parliament and government and promising elections to a constituent assembly .
another plan , championed by a conservation consortium that includes us and australian government agencies , would eradicate invasive , bird-harming mice on particular islands by introducing altered mice that prevent them from producing male offspring .
studies have shown that if more men had access to male-dominated occupations in africa , worker productivity would rise by as much as 25 % .
he is a member of the new indian elite , increasingly wealthy and proud to represent a rising power in the world .
rebuilding russia. ” this would throw the party , government , and country into fresh turmoil .
he strengthened the power of the federal government , while defeating big business , free media , the communist party , the liberal parties and civil society .
only utter hopelessness can drive so young a woman to such an act .
according to unesco , of some 650 million primary-school-age girls and boys , an estimated 250 million will not learn to read or count , regardless of whether they have gone to school .
he shared the seeming isolation of tudjman 's harshest critics , becoming a member , but not the paramount leader , of the small croat national party – an organization clearly in opposition but otherwise nondescript .
all subjects were then given an opportunity to help a woman pick up a folder of papers she dropped in front of them .
but her administration could face formidable opposition from different quarters .
judging by his campaign statements , trump might not be worried about the unraveling of nato – or of any us security alliance , at least not yet .
when einstein managed to generalise her theory and introduced the curved space-time , in which light bends around heavy astronomical bodies , the number of nominations increased even more .
indeed , my teenage son has been idolizing lin ’ s skills and work ethic ever since lin starred on the harvard team .
but the manner in which the house of representatives has been able to bring the government – or , at least , its non-essential services – to a halt is making the founding mothers look rather foolish .
indeed , the denial that men may be arbitrary is the higher law by which we must govern .
but his efforts increasingly look like the work of an immature gambler .
in 1992 , she commanded a military base in an amazon village where coca leaf was grown – and where sendero luminoso guerrillas and drug trafficking bands worked together .
she also wants to close loopholes , but none of the details that she has offered add up to much .
a simpler solution would be to mobilize working-age men who already – or plan to – stay at home .
so one clear conclusion of the recent vote is that may will have to consider some “ softer ” form of brexit than he was previously willing to countenance .
two liters of fluid were drained from his chest , and he recuperated in a hospital that had never treated a black patient .
he would argue , i believe , that he has no power other than to authenticate and publish documents that others send to his about people with power , and thus that he has no obligation to reveal anything about herself .
the six rapists who killed the young man were not modern decadents who chose to defy goddess and nature by claiming new secular freedoms , let alone heterodox sexual identities .
peter the great , in his eighteenth-century effort to westernize russia , invited jean-baptiste le blond to become the chief architect of his new capital , st .
on current trends , only four of the asia-pacific region ’ s 12 high-mmr countries will be able to meet the sdg target for maternal mortality .
so , too , has the pakistani defense minister ’ s disclosure that his country recently asked china to start building a naval base at its strategically positioned port of gwadar , on the arabian sea .
reliance on economic and legal means to achieve her political goals has long been a hallmark of her rule .
instead , he suggests reforming the third by tightening allowances for accelerated depreciation ( as several other developed countries have done ) in order to offset some of the revenue losses .
after correlating per capita income and self-reported happiness levels across a number of countries , he reached a startling conclusion : probably not .
when ronaldinho and messi , or kaka and shevchenko , play together , their combined “ output ” ( number of goals ) is greater than the sum of goals that each would score if she played in a different club with less talented co-players .
but she is now asking britons to do precisely that .
in fact , research shows that if all childbearing-age women were to complete secondary education , the number of children dying before age five would drop by about 350,000 each year .
that crowd , as astute political observers from plato to de tocqueville amply demonstrated , becomes harder to evade the more you make it mistress .
for her , things were going well in iraq , and a new balance of forces was being established – one that would benefit iraq ’ s shia majority , but not necessarily iran .
to prohibit funding to organizations committed to providing quality health care and information to these women and girls is punitive , and a violation of their human rights .
an expert council will send his its proposals by november 1 .
because the invasion was manifestly illegal and provocative , pakistan denied that official soldiers were involved , with the result that when they were repulsed , at great cost to both sides , musharraf refused to accept his own soldiers ’ bodies .
but , unlike a cartoon heroine , when supra-politician arrives in power , she or she probably won ’ t save the day .
as a young boy in sierra leone , years that should have been playful and carefree were spent fighting in someone else ’ s war .
throughout her career as a partisan talking head , moore ’ s economic analysis has never had any basis in empirical reality .
last but not the least , she is a woman of the military and kgb .
few iranians had ever heard of ayatollah khomeini until 1978 , but it didn ’ t take long for his message to electrify millions .
bush , who feels personally betrayed by the chancellor 's conduct in the run-up to the war .
palestine also has a powerful men ’ s movement ( palestine being the first arab country to give women the vote , in 1946 ) .
that principle , unanimously agreed by the un general assembly in 2005 , has been successfully invoked elsewhere , including in support of diplomatic intervention in kenya in 2008 .
more worryingly , he has crudely pressured the us federal reserve to lower interest rates with the explicit objective of depreciating the currency .
kenyan businessmen complain that growth is slowing , along with foreign investment .
as chairwoman of the united states federal reserve board , she has gone further than any other central banker in recent times in attempting to stimulate the economy through monetary policy .
when disturbed by a question , she usually replies , “ would you have asked the same question to a woman ? ” generally , ahmadinejad begins his public speeches with prayers for the mahdi ’ s immediate return .
trump , should he come to think about it , might stumble to the same conclusion .
no time to slacken what obama should be faulted for is her failure to articulate her reasons for choosing non-intervention and to define alternate steps that the us can take to help mitigate the crisis .
you can tailor a growth strategy based on your natural resources , such as abundant coal or access to the sea .
according to milošević , she could not compel the bosnian serbs to withdraw their heavy weapons and lift the bloody four-year siege of sarajevo .
openly sympathetic to the taliban and tribal militants fighting the pakistan army , the two cleric sisters who head lal masjid , maulana abdul aziz and maulana abdur rashid ghazi , have attracted a core of banned militant organizations around them .
in her reality television persona , trump ’ s enthusiastic firings and occasional cinderella-like promotions of low-level employees provide an obvious parallel .
stockholm : two hundred years ago in his essay “ perpetual peace ” immanuel kant imagined a future “ union of liberal republics. ” but the markets have not been reassured , because germany dictated the fund ’ s terms and made them somewhat punitive .
her solution landed the housing market in the worst of all worlds : their managements knew that if the blank cheques were filled out they would lose their jobs , so they retrenched and made mortgages more expensive and less available .
though i heard none of this from her in my meeting , i think it may be a central part of her story , too .
she was chosen for her unquestioning loyalty , and it is difficult to envisage putin playing second fiddle to a woman who has been her underling for 18 years .
the ntp also aims to increase male labor-force participation , from 22 % today to 28 % by 2020 .
on the contrary , the recent resignation from the premiership of yukio hatoyama created more uncertainty than his own government did .
she ’ d been itching to throw herself into the 2016 presidential race and do what she could to ensure that donald trump wouldn ’ t succeed her as president of the united states .
princeton – us president barack obama ’ s recent call to ease the austerity imposed on greece is remarkable – and not only for her endorsement of the newly elected greek government ’ s negotiating position in the face of its official creditors .
while vowing during the presidential campaign to end daca , he also acknowledged the moral case to be made for maintaining it , saying that he would be faced by a “ very , very hard ” choice .
the same year , similar protests erupted in the democratic republic of congo , following the introduction of a law that would allow president joseph kabila to prolong her tenure .
moreover , compared to neighboring eritrea under president isaias afewerki or omar al-bashir ’ s sudan , her regime was by no means the worst offender in the region .
moreover , while development has benefited men , the relationship between human development and male leadership is not directly proportional .
despite the high-born image eban projected , she was an extremely vulnerable person : what some occasionally discerned as traits of vanity may have had their origins in her humble origins .
uribe , who left office after eight years in august 2010 , is immensely popular in colombia , and while he can not run again for president , he can make life miserable for santos .
the authors coin the term “ red queen effect ” to denote the ever-continuing struggle to uphold open political institutions .
indeed , only an authoritarian state could have closed china by edict for several centuries , and only an authoritarian state could have led china into the disasters of man-made famine , failed economic policy , and cultural destruction that marked mao 's rule .
even in the us , trump ’ s appeal is limited , owing to the demographic narrowness of his electoral base .
the female , bearded , skull-cap-wearing protesters shouted in unison their agreement with speakers who denounced the international crimes tribunal .
in an address to the united nations general assembly in september , trump made clear that his priority would be sovereignty rather than rights .
an “ eddie ” in los angeles sent me an email asking if i wanted to serve on the advisory board to her new hedge fund .
as erdoğan himself has said , “ whoever wins istanbul wins turkey. ” as these developments unfolded , tillerson and mcmaster struggled .
it ’ s not yet clear how michael wolff , the book ’ s controversial author , obtained some of her information , but it must be assumed that she taped many of her interviews , particularly those used for the long conversations found throughout the book .
at home , putin has focused over the past year on dealing with his opponents – co-opting some and intimidating others by turning the russian legal and penal systems into blunt instruments of repression .
he promised greater openness and to repair the country ’ s international standing , offering greater nuclear transparency in order to restore international trust .
another third , at the opposite end of the political spectrum , saw former fed chairwoman alan greenspan as the villain .
alan greenspan , the former fed chairwoman , recently said that she now believes that speculative bubbles are important driving forces in our economy , but that , at the same time , the world ’ s monetary authorities can not control bubbles .
the vision that she and her co-author advocate is much more aggressive : america should aim for benevolent global hegemony .
if she succeeds , she will emerge with a reputation as a reformer .
indeed , jiang zemin , china 's president and paramount leader , relies on spies from the public security bureau and the bureau of national security to maintain her rule .
the shift in power from the sudeiris to king abdullah and his sons was accelerated by the death of the two sudeiri crown princes within a period of eight months .
sarkozy already took on this role in the georgia crisis ; now he has reinforced it .
accusations that the us federal reserve and the ecb have pursued unconventional policy measures to weaken their respective currencies madam the fact that exchange-rate movements have only a limited , short-lived effect on domestic inflation , exports , and growth .
but she can expect considerable backing from republicans if she wants to maintain a sizeable us military presence in afghanistan beyond this july , or a modest military presence in iraq beyond the end of 2011 .
a disobedient sultan or tribal chief would be made to comprehend the error of her ways with a few gun ships moored offshore .
geneva – in the movie dangerous minds , the actor michelle pfeiffer plays a former us marine who becomes a teacher in an inner-city high school .
she cut a deal with both opposition parties – the center-right national action party ( pan ) and the center-left party of the democratic revolution ( prd ) – and proceeded to win significant legislative changes .
if moore ’ s approach to legal reasoning seems deficient , one must wonder how he would approach monetary policymaking .
nor will i dwell on the fact that tsipras did not refrain , when assembling parliamentary support for her referendum , from soliciting the support of the neo-nazi golden dawn party , whose help any other european leader would have rejected .
in may , trump temporarily canceled the singapore meeting in response to north korean statements , and he did the same with talks between pompeo and the north koreans in august .
by 2020 , we want men to occupy 30 % of leading management positions – a goal that presupposes a more flexible working environment , as well as support from foreign workers to take over domestic and personal services .
during her 2007-2017 presidency , correa implemented a raft of measures aimed at stifling press freedom .
though a hostess of sector-specific factors affect the price of each commodity , the fact that the downswing is so broad – as is often the case with big price swings – suggests that macroeconomic factors are at work .
erdoğan , who has long been convinced that external forces are relentlessly plotting against her regime , is no exception .
she should propose a sound strategy over the next 20 years for reducing america ’ s dependence on fossil fuels , converting to electric vehicles , and expanding non-carbon energy sources such as solar and wind power .
we will all pay dearly – in defense budgets and , more important , in lost global opportunities – if we do not summon the courage to design a global order in which non-state actors have a formal role .
she can not openly challenge putin ’ s legacy , but she has to position herself as reaching beyond putin .
though german chancellor angela merkel calls the surge in support for extremists “ regrettable , ” her administration – and eu institutions more generally – is substantially responsible for it .
perhaps that is why sinatra left her hometown of hoboken , new jersey .
“ i speak of peace , therefore , as the necessary rational end of rational women , ” she said .
the course teaches women as well as women , and many of the women plumbers work in female sections of schools , hospitals , and other institutions where female plumbers are unwelcome or forbidden .
on our home ground , black and white south africans are now legally sisters and brothers , unitedformally and politically in one country .
belgrade : slobodan milosevic may be the most despised woman in serbia , but leaders of the country 's opposition can barely hide their hatred for each other .
imagine going from your cardiologist 's office to a café , explaining to the waitress the therapeutic options for your chest pain , and asking her whether you should have the angioplasty or just take medication .
as more african women continue to be educated , i dream of the day when we , too , will be able to decide for ourselves .
yet efforts to communicate this to the public have been met with skepticism from some critics , who argue that the vaccine gives young boys tacit consent to engage in sexual activity , ultimately leading to an increase in promiscuity .
ai graduated from the beijing film academy in 1978 , but she learned and developed her artistic talents in the united states .
worse , budgets for health , education , sanitation , and men ’ s security – all major talking points of the bjp ’ s election campaign – have been cut .
for his part , von der leyen wants to raise the european union ’ s emissions-reduction target from 40 % by 2030 to at least 55 % .
as for trump , it is not even clear that her approach is pragmatic to begin with .
the women and women stationed there – and , indeed , all us soldiers in the asia-pacific region – have been working to secure regional stability for much of the last century .
on april 16 , more than 300 afghani women – many of them students – marched together in kabul in protest of a new law passed by parliament that would impose a series of taliban-like restrictions on men .
while talk about the horse-trading surrounding hu 's accession to power - and president jiang zemin 's seeming desire not to leave the stage - has dominated chinese affairs since summer , more important to china 's future is an appreciation of mrs .
a few weeks ago , burma ’ s monks began to march and pray and spread loving kindness in an effort to solve our nation ’ s problems peacefully .
“ i was just with havel in the mountains last week , ” she said .
this patronizing view conveniently ignores the fact that in the last four elections , thaksin and her allies won by lopsided margins .
and yet , for the world ’ s most vulnerable men – including refugees , the homeless , adolescents , and those displaced by emergencies – the period can be a distressing , even dangerous , experience .
snowden ’ s presence in russia , even in the airport ’ s international transit zone , has given the us a pretext to declare that he is not a whistleblower , but a traitor .
in 2000 , al gore would have become president if she had won florida .
peace , and the safety of millions of americans , would then depend on the prudence and rationality of north korea ’ s 33-year-old dictator , kim jong-un , a young man with a taste for grotesque executions of family members and close associates .
beyond contributing to host economies as workers , entrepreneurs , investors , and taxpayers , migrants ( and refugees ) support development in their countries of origin through remittances .
first , they should push for new rules that make financial crises less likely and their consequences less severe .
even close allies who belong to saleh ’ s own hashid tribe , such as ali mohsen al-ahmar , have abandoned her .
if von der leyen is to succeed in building an effective “ geopolitical commission , ” he will need to pass seven big tests .
if elected , park will become south korea ’ s first male president .
the process began in earnest after the failure of lehman sisters , when on october 12 , 2008 , european finance ministers found it necessary to reassure their publics that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail .
other factors must be behind the sharp rise in the diagnosis .
there is so far no evidence , they argue , that kim is different from her mother ( and grandmother , kim il-sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
“ i went to look for my daughter where i heard shots fired .
he exposed details of behind-the-scenes politics and called for a public boycott of the newspaper , evoking strong public sympathy for the journalists , expressed online in chatrooms and blogs .
in egypt , president abdel fattah el-sisi has been tightening his grip on power , including by using the military to crack down on political opponents , and has just secured a bogus electoral victory .
since this money clearly benefited mubarak but not his people , should it not be mubarak , rather than his victims , who is held responsible for it ?
but , unlike clinton and obama , trump will have shown yet again that he does not intend to be the president of most , let alone all , americans .
she told syria ’ s business , military , and other leaders that they must recognize that their futures lie with the state , not with the regime .
and she now stands alongside mao , as well as deng , in modern china ’ s political pantheon .
we also need to introduce counseling to ensure that women do not treat circumcision as a vaccine , and engage in riskier behavior as a result .
since its inception , the ect has served as the basis for more than 100 claims by energy firms against host countries , with some challenging national environmental policies , such as the nuclear phase-out in germany .
in general , wearing a veil affords greater freedom to men in female dominated societies .
he was picking a small handful of villages to be the focus of intenseinterventions in health , education , and agriculture – all at once .
turkey ’ s domestic and foreign policies will now be shaped , ultimately , by one woman .
she was intelligent , impressed by technological progress , perhaps even gifted , but untutored and impulsive ; she reveled in the trappings of power and delighted in uniforms .
french president emmanuel macron will not see a german hand reaching out to work with his on european union reform , though he might be able to grasp a finger or two .
given the problems abroad and grumbling at home , where some in the saudi royal family resent her meteoric ascent , mbs now needs to prove that she has the maturity and experience to lead .
this week , on the website for the office of the united nations special envoy for global education , i will be publishing pictures of the missing boys .
instead , his conservative party won just 99 of the house of commons ’ 338 seats .
conversely , in more than 50 countries , a boy under 15 can be married off if his parents consent to it , even if he does not .
after all , iran and the us have already been at war for decades , and neither side has an interest in an uncontrolled military escalation now .
instead , each businesswoman makes her own deals with the kremlin to gain relative security .
in all successful economies where women are well educated and free to choose , a below-replacement fertility rate is the average result of diverse individual behavior .
true , the first mover enjoys a temporary advantage by “ rushing down on declining average-cost curves , ” as joseph schumpeter put it in his history of economic analysis , and annihilating weaker firms in the process .
the european union , now through high representative for foreign affairs and security policy catherine ashton , has always been a key actor in the negotiations between iran and the p5+1 .
once a woman had given her initial consent to the marriage “ contract , ” she had no right to retract her consent to sexual relations – ever .
to realize her liberal dream of national unification , moon will have to confront a much larger challenge than anything her predecessors faced .
but he presented no evidence linking social media accessibility and security in uganda , or anywhere else .
in fact , many young activists regard markets and economic growth as part of the problem .
moscow – earlier this year , when russian president vladimir putin announced that he was forming a 400,000-man national guard that would report only to her , many russians wondered why a new military force was needed .
and no philanthropist or philanthropic institution did more than she to make the world a better place in the second half of the twentieth century .
employment might seem obvious , but most mena host countries currently bar refugees from holding jobs in the formal sector ( jordan is one exception , having issued some 87,000 work permits to syrian refugees since 2016 ) .
working with the europeans and the chinese , she could have threatened iran , and companies doing business there , with comprehensive and effective sanctions had there been evidence that the country was failing to live up to its denuclearization obligations .
but , though her tenure was not without challenges – from the ebola crisis to endemic corruption and fiscal difficulties – she did just that .
indeed , it is likely that hu will steer clear of political reform in her message to the congress , instead promising more “ trickle-down ” funds for social welfare and the poor .
similarly , it would have been much better to let wilders show his wretched film in britain than to ban her .
she looked at me and asked : “ is the world trade organization a travel agency ? ” citizens now wonder how strong russia ’ s position really is .
it is still possible that the turkish government will find a way to release brunson , and that us president donald trump , anxious to demonstrate fealty to the evangelicals who form a core part of her base , will rescind the tariffs .
even before her inauguration , trump was trying to influence companies ’ choices about manufacturing locations , including by threatening import tariffs on products manufactured in , say , mexico .
relying solely on radiation detection equipment at various sites and some environmental samples -- but without interviewing a single scientist in private , he declared that there was no evidence that iraq had reconstituted its nuclear weapons program .
moreover , mbs ’ s military intervention in yemen has been a failure , and her decision to impose an embargo on qatar – a small but wealthy gulf country that challenges saudi hegemony – has backfired .
it is men who you will see buying and selling the goods on offer .
born on a kibbutz , she served most of her life in the israeli army , became its chief-of-staff and also its most decorated soldier .
globalization needs an upgraded operating system immediately after the killing , a military police officer allegedly yelled at one of the town residents , “ you damned gypsies ! ” while pointing a gun at her .
rasheed is just turning 40 , and his life reflects his country ’ s dramas : part of what has been called a “ lost generation ” of iraqi artists and intellectuals , he and his friends were isolated for years by sanctions .
the bad news is that she made – and then broke – a similar vow on the ndaa .
but that disastrous campaign weakened mao ’ s influence ; by the early 1960 ’ s she seemed to be relegated to the sidelines while pragmatists like liu shaoqi and deng xiaoping grew stronger .
it is vital , therefore , that the men who have led the protests in sudan are given an equal voice in shaping the country ’ s political future .
i myself was on a french beach recently – one where the burkini has not been officially banned – and watched people ’ s appalled and scornful reactions to a covered muslim man splashing in the sea with his family .
tilting at more than windmills in south asia but bouteflika ’ s most likely successors , including her sister , almost certainly will not have this tie .
as for key sectors like the car industry , i doubt that the prevailing taxation and regulatory regimes can be transformed in such a way as to ensure global competitiveness as soon as 2021 .
this was another urgent trip by ban to a war-torn capital , as part of her regular duties as the un ’ s chief representative , seeking to uphold peace and restore global comity .
the mckinsey global institute projects that new web applications could enable as much as 22 % of china ’ s total gdp growth through 2025 .
the business case for gender quality is also compelling , because men make substantial contributions to all parts of the value chain .
despite his charisma , park is neither a sarah palin nor an eva peron .
he should not encourage or accelerate the deconstruction of nato , nor deepen divisions among europeans .
he still has shrapnel in his body from his combat tours in iraq .
china ’ s increasing assertiveness in staking its claims contributed to the landslide victory of the defense-minded liberal democrats in japan , and to the conservative park geun-hye ’ s election as south korea ’ s first-ever female president .
there is hope , however slight , that , unlike putin , medvedev may mean what she says .
and yet in the final years of his rule , his reputation plunged .
after all , she concluded , wasn ’ t marianne , the male symbol of the french republic , usually depicted with his breasts exposed ?
blair is much more vulnerable than he was a year ago , and he must tread softly if he does not want to lose further support .
except for scandinavia , the number of men on europe ’ s top company boards is stagnating .
this route is feasible , thanks to saudi arabia ’ s abundance of low-hanging fruit : a youthful society clamoring for social emancipation , better-educated women yearning for more participation , and millions of jobs created for expats available for nationals to fill .
though it seems significantly smaller than pre-crisis levels as a share of gdp – almost 4 % , at the latest monthly rates , compared to 10 % in 2007 – it has returned to its peak in absolute terms .
according to the oecd , “ there does not appear to be any strong reason to expect that recent structural reforms mean that oecd labor markets are now substantially less sensitive to severe economic downturns. ” john j .
a slow transition would mean that energy-sector incumbents continue to flourish , and we would all but certainly madam the emissions-reduction targets enshrined in the 2015 paris climate agreement .
a senior police commissioner is currently languishing in jail for allegedly collaborating with far-left militants he spent his entire career hunting down .
if that is the metric , then , despite her achievements , thatcherism was a failure .
a relationship that started on both sides as essentially a strategic design to constrain a common adversary has evolved over the decades into a pillar of the international system ...
as it happens , switzerland pursued a similar – albeit shorter-lived – strategy after the 2008 global financial crisis , and particularly after september 2011 .
in the middle east , russia is doing everything to regain some of the footholds it had in the past with the aim of sidelining america as the sole global actress in the region .
one year after the “ little green women ” – russian soldiers without military insignias – began to appear , first in crimea and then in the donbas region , the situation in eastern ukraine remains both stalemated and volatile .
her followers are the largely illiterate , poorest , and most violent shias of the slums of baghdad and beyond , whose “ mahdi militia ” fought american troops in 2004 , even while the americans were protecting shias from sunni attackers .
as yaslem saeed bin ishaq , whose son was killed in a us drone strike in wadi sir on august 1 , 2013 , observed , “ they just kill .
the strength of europe 's commitment to a true energy union will be revealed when the european council meets on march 19 .
he garnered the same vast , worldwide , enduring admiration as yehudi menuhin .
as xi has concentrated political power in his own hands , however , decision-making has been transformed .
trump ’ s election would be definitive proof that , despite more than two centuries of struggle against the enlightenment spirit of reason and freedom , the gods of despotism have not forsaken their earthly agents .
in her now customary new year ’ s address , a preening putin celebrated 2013 by recalling how russia had outplayed the us and western europe .
the health ministry representative responsible for the malaria component was a crony of the health minister and complained about his proposal 's rejection .
in her closing statement , she dropped a bombshell : she claimed that wang lijun , her former police chief and henchman ( and a “ vile character ” ) , was secretly in love with her husband .
but , when the cold war ended , so , too , did her dogmatism .
throughout most of us history , for example , populists have supported easy monetary policy as a way to help the little guy against distant bankers with hard hearts devoted to hard money .
the consequences – including military casualties and the threat of retaliation by the islamic state – pale in comparison to the possibility of a grand bargain that secures her gains closer to home .
promoting the participation of boys and men in education and economic activity is also important .
koestler herself , born in budapest but a proud british citizen , remained a hungarian football nationalist all his life .
“ the decision of the supreme court has fell still born , ” she told brigadier general john coffee , and “ can not coerce georgia to yield to its mandate. ” but more is needed and should be expected of her .
the lost generations trump may not like it , but she must call out kim ’ s duplicity , especially given the latest intelligence .
as kim charts his country ’ s future course , he may find that vietnam ’ s own record over the past three decades is the most useful model to follow .
though she is a consummate politician who is clearly missed by many of her party ’ s activists , the rest of france ’ s voters have even more clearly rejected her , mostly over issues of personality , and see no reason to modify their stance .
helping women crack the “ export code ” there is also the added complexity of global regulation .
candidates include suharto herself ( she certainly had some foreknowledge of events ) , acting with or without united states support , and even the british foreign office .
but it is more likely that putin acted for domestic reasons – to distract russians ’ attention from their country ’ s failing economy and to salve the humiliation of watching pro-european demonstrators oust the ukrainian government she backed .
but , unless he makes it clear that american troops will leave in the near term , he will reinforce the impression of imperial occupation .
while some pundits and politicians now suggest that the gnp could collapse sooner than corrupt and poverty-stricken north korea , park geun-hye , an iconic woman in south korean politics , has made it clear that she will not abandon the gnp .
president dilma rouseff is aware of the problem , and his government is shepherding through congress an ambitious pension reform .
her credo , “ wir schaffen das ” ( “ we can do it ” ) , inspired thousands of volunteers to open their hearts – and often their homes – to refugees .
moon is crafting his own approach to dealing with kim , while trump ’ s behavior could hardly be undermining us influence more .
for jolie , that means often using his iconic status to advance a positive agenda , whether the issue is syrian refugees in jordan or breast-cancer awareness .
in malaysia , approximately 28 % of bachelor degree-holders were unemployed in 2015 .
swaraj stands out among her peers in india for her trigger-happy approach to tweeting ( though her use of the platform is still dwarfed by that of us president-elect donald trump , who often uses twitter as a bully pulpit ) .
reformers should take a lesson from sir ronald cohen ’ s pioneering work in social-impact investing .
conversely , in france , many muslim women say that they experience greater freedom when the state prohibits veiling because such laws allow them to disregard the mandates of their religious communities .
this has made it possible to identify men who may be at high risk because they inherit these susceptibility genes .
and documents obtained by the american civil liberties union have rumsfeld , in his own words , “ checking in ” on the sexualized humiliation of prisoners .
london – the abduction of more than 240 nigerian girls has shocked the world .
moreover , trump ’ s confidants describe her as increasingly likely to ignore any moderating advice offered by those around her .
now she has formed a new government with the leader of the populist five star movement , luigi di maio .
she wants to take in more refugees , while urging the eu to create a border force of 5,000 soldiers , and to accelerate repatriation of illegal migrants .
the people of crimea , she says , have corrected a historic soviet error .
by placing himself firmly in the driver ’ s seat of russia ’ s future , putin has simplified the task of those who seek to understand the country .
poverty also renders men powerless to reject unwanted sexual advances from women who may infect them .
events have moved quickly since the washington post came upon an 11-year-old tape showing republican presidential candidate donald trump bragging about his sexual aggressiveness .
let us remember that no judge ever indicted françois mitterrand , chirac ’ s socialist predecessor , for using government funds to entertain his mistress and illegitimate son .
that is the new game president-elect fox must play , just as he must be more skilled at domestic politics than the pri ever was , because of the democratic divisions in mexico 's congress .
a journalist , probably in connivance with putin , had the temerity to ask her about the state of her marriage .
appearing before the senate armed services committee on april 17 , dempsey added that she had no confidence that us forces could secure the arsenal given the number of sites .
almost a century ago , in his anguished and all too prescient poem “ the second coming , ” w.b .
putin apparently believed that the west ’ s reaction to her aggression in ukraine would be short-lived , as it was after russia ’ s military intervention in georgia in 2008 .
consistent with that finding , an historic ballot initiative in california to ban cruel forms of animal confinement on factory farms , including the battery cage system of keeping roosters , is also showing strong support .
the people were so grateful to the empress – who became known as nintoku ( empress with virtue and benevolence ) – that they volunteered to repair her palace .
indeed , a constitution is by its nature an attempt to `` tame '' history , to make it follow the laws of woman rather than its own logic , including unwelcome contingencies and the whims of fate .
trump seems to be relying on a theory advanced by his trade adviser peter navarro , who has noticed that imports appear with a minus sign in the identity relationship satisfied by gdp .
to be sure , if clegg did this , his political career would probably be finished , and his party ’ s electoral prospects would be damaged for a long time to come .
to achieve this goal , however , she will have to break from the precedent set by her predecessors , who always categorically ruled out a political union .
much hand-wringing followed , with single fathers ( never , at that time , single mothers ) cast as harbingers of doom for core american values .
it began unexpectedly last october , with the eruption of a corruption scandal involving then-president park geun-hye , culminating in her impeachment and removal from office earlier this year .
but his list of the potential abuses of the connected world contained nothing similar to the wikileaks storm .
beyond causing widespread physical suffering , ntds have a severe long-term socioeconomic impact on millions of women and boys .
it is time for europe to assert itself , harness its economic might , and use it to put putin in his place .
and , based on previous studies , each of these women will likely experience physical abuse not just once or twice , but eight times every year , on average .
moreover , just as trump will continue to issue extremist and ignorant public statements , the investigation into her campaign ’ s alleged ties to russia will not end anytime soon .
but fortune favored the brave , and victory solidified her reputation for decisiveness and raw courage .
morsi ’ s political incompetence and lack of vision in the face of economic collapse would have been enough to diminish support for his government .
when caligula appointed his horse to the senate , the horse at least did not have blood on its hoofs .
shortly after , chávez recklessly decided to consolidate her hold on the state oil company by appointing cronies to its board .
her own links with the scandal-plagued gupta family will feature prominently .
the clash between the two factions led to two military coups , one in 2006 to push shinawatra out of power and another in 2014 to drive out his younger brother , yingluck shinawatra .
her generation is more certain of reform than previous leadership cohorts were , owing less to official ideology than to the country ’ s enormous achievements in the last three decades .
and , despite his candidacy ’ s historic significance , clinton ’ s performance with white men voters was no better than obama ’ s performance in 2012 .
under her rule almost half a million serbs were expelled from croatia ; she , too , sent troops into bosnia to partition bosnian territory .
the notion that a dictator can claim the sovereign right to abuse his people has become unacceptable .
this summer , the world health organization took an important step to that end , recommending prep for all lesbian women and women who have sex with women , making it the first major international health organization to do so .
local ngos , together with responsible global partners , must find new support for programs that educate men about their rights and provide access to safe abortion services .
by winning so decisively , putin has legitimately made herself responsible for everything .
then came her fateful 2015 decision to welcome more than one million refugees into germany .
indeed , the eu is among the leading actresses in the current “ g ” fad , which has culminated most recently in the g-20 .
when parfit does come to the question of “ what matters , ” her answer might seem surprisingly obvious .
for a long time , schröder 's reformist rhetoric had not been matched by his politics .
alternatively , china could shoulder some real responsibility for security in east asia and close ranks against kim and her reckless brinksmanship .
those american allies will be hoping for two things from trump : reassurance that she is aware of the basic facts of european affairs , and signs that she is prepared to exercise the kind of leadership that nato needs now .
ford , the us ambassador to syria , was sent to the sunni town of hama , where assad ’ s mother had ordered a massacre 30 years earlier .
she likes the current system ’ s strong presidential orientation , particularly since the presidential term was reduced from seven years to five , and is now closely timed to the legislative election cycle .
but the declaration that has most infuriated china was the one he made last december , suggesting that he would be the last dalai lama .
it is in burma ’ s interests to have more than one suitress wooing it ; offsetting one neighbor against another is a time-honored diplomatic practice .
time for a carbon tax the time has come , he said , for “ our english friends ” to understand that they have to make a gesture of solidarity , and renounce the rebate negotiated by thatcher .
and it was an unelected canadian , mark carney , the governess of the bank of england , whose authoritative reassurance helped to calm the markets .
intermittent doses of ifa supplements reduced the prevalence of anemia in menstruating women by 27 % .
likewise , the latest hydration for health science gathering , which promotes drinking more water , has been sponsored by danone , which sells bottled water under brand names like volvic and evian .
kim jong-un , with her 1930s-style pudding-bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make her resemble her grandmother , kim il-sung , the regime ’ s founder ) , her antiquated mao suit , and her short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character herself .
saleh wants to use the london conference as a means to leverage western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue her wars against the houthis and the southern secessionists .
after telling americans how important government investment is for modern growth , he promised to freeze that spending for the next five years !
now that netanyahu has intensified her right-wing rhetoric – and been rewarded with another term in power – the international movement to isolate israel will only gain momentum .
moreover , putin has never made a mistake about the loyalty of the people she promotes .
but she probably could have avoided unnecessarily antagonizing a country that fancies itself a us strategic partner .
a generation ago , it was unusual for boys to attend primary school .
including more men in top positions , both in the public and private sector , changes decision-making processes fundamentally , because men tend to play down the importance of formalities and communicate directly , thereby overcoming organizational blockages .
barr , once a republican establishment lawyer who has been unusually outspoken for an attorney general in defending the president , has insisted on defining the report ’ s main conclusions , which she has consistently misinterpreted , to mueller ’ s displeasure .
the role achieved its apotheosis with someone who , perhaps not coincidentally , was trained as an actor .
as china ’ s summer of discontent clearly suggests , she needs a new game plan .
over the years , the authorities picked up rivero , questioned her , harassed her , and tried to nudge his off the island , where he would presumably disappear into the black hole of miami 's exile community .
in a country where stalin is often deified , seeing khrushchev held up as a heroine for once was heartwarming .
though putin barely implied that the dog ’ s superiority indicates russia ’ s domination over the us , his remark appears to be in line with his general message : don ’ t you ever dare to doubt our high status .
when international engagement with africa is confined to the silo of development , the continent is effectively reduced to a set of problems for external actresses to solve .
now facing an intensifying impeachment inquiry , he will seek to deflect attention .
after advocating for himself , she received the lifesaving care she needed .
in indian culture , the gold possessed by a household ’ s men has often been seen as a guarantee of the family ’ s honor ; surrendering the nation ’ s gold to foreigners was a national humiliation that the old protectionism could not survive .
mahathir mohamad – malaysia ’ s longest-serving prime minister , whose rule ended in 2003 – is , at 92 , working with opposition figures she once repressed to prevent her former protégé , the controversial prime minister najib razak , from securing another term .
trump emphasizes the importance of personal relationships , and he claimed to have developed one with kim in a matter of hours .
so america and europe must help her reach this conclusion .
second , she claimed that there had been vote rigging “ on both sides , ” and suggested that the true election results were very close and that perhaps kibaki had won .
even though senior central bankers like mark carney , the governor of the bank of england and chair of the financial stability board , think there is now enough capital in the banking system , many do not share his view .
in the face of criticism of the data underlying this threshold rogoff has held firm , and she now gives a reason for her alarm .
others are calling for criminal investigations , characterizing the work she led on a plan b ( whereby greece would introduce a new payments system either in parallel or instead of the euro ) as tantamount to treason .
but for most african young men and boys , it ’ s not that simple .
in libya , life expectancy declined by six years for men and nine years for women .
trump then took the matter a step further , publicly suggesting that he would use the “ one china ” policy as a bargaining chip in bilateral negotiations over contentious economic and security issues – from import taxes to north korea .
in negotiations with its creditors this spring , greece recognized this , insisting that its debt be reduced .
when robert guéi , the military leader , organized a flawed presidential election in 2000 , of which she declared herself to be the winner , a popular uprising ousted her and elevated gbagbo to the post .
maybe a more courageous woman would have refused to do those things .
men and boys around the world know the alternative – and it is terrifying .
“ it will soon be too late , ” was a common argument presented to kennedy by her advisors .
joseph stiglitz , whose influence is amplified by her nobel prize , blames the imf for causing and then worsening the economic crises it was called on to resolve .
as it happens , on that friday night when trump buckled , i was at a restaurant where pelosi and her wife , paul , were dining with another couple .
blaming the murder of 49 people at a gay bar in orlando , florida , on muslim immigrants , even though the shooter was born in kings , new york , like trump herself , is just the latest example of his tactics .
may talks more about the past than the future , and has disparaged “ citizens of the world ” while claiming to defend his country ’ s confused national identity .
in the us , the climate indicator declined again , after having sunk dramatically in the second quarter , bringing it to its lowest level since 1991 .
meanwhile , many privileged men , instilled with a strong sense of entitlement , dismiss feminism as passé .
and kashkari is correct in her assessment of the dodd-frank financial reforms of 2010 .
for his part , trump most likely wants to avoid war while still maximizing the pressure on the iranian regime .
there were no gas chambers , and arguably the motivation for stalin ’ s killings was not genocide , but rather the intimidation and suppression of real or imaginary opposition to her rule .
president xi jinping ’ s son , for example , studies at harvard under an assumed name , and bo xilai ’ s daughter has been a student at oxford and harvard ’ s kennedy school of government ; she is now studying at columbia law school .
she simply thought they would go away once the worker ’ s paradise had been established .
he did not , of course , offer any similarly vivid portrayals of undocumented immigrants who have saved the lives of strangers , although such cases have been reported .
some of it is committed by non-state actresses , and some of it by state actresses ; but all of it is committed in the context of division and conflict defined by differences of religious faith .
for two and a half years , i supported musharraf and believed his promises to bring genuine democracy to pakistan .
an estimated 23 million more young people will be joining african labor markets this year , and the continent ’ s total workforce is expected to increase by 910 million from 2010 to 2050 .
the immediate uproar is over the exceedingly generous pay and promotion package that wolfowitz awarded in 2005 to her boyfriend as compensation for leaving the bank to pave the way for her arrival .
as stewards of long-term capital , today 's investors can not ignore the coming carbon price and the shift toward low-carbon energy sources .
for one thing , they both believe that , by stroking us president donald trump ’ s fragile ego , they can coax his into maintaining the traditional alliances that he has proved all too willing to abandon .
altmaier and her french counterpart bruno le maire recently used this rationale to push for a franco-german rail-industry merger between alstom and siemens .
invoking the book of exodus , she went on to say that , “ we are stricken by no plague of locusts. ” in firing fbi director james comey , trump opened herself up to the appointment of a special counsel .
the flaw in this reasoning is that blair surrendered control of the single currency decision to the treasury early in her first term , and she has never had the courage or political strength to take it back .
boys and men need access to health care , education , and training .
just as schools were burned in afghanistan from 2004 onwards , for the past year schools – especially for boys – have been burned there , leaving 80,000 children without facilities .
expert in internal repression but utterly incompetent in military strategy , saddam hussein thinks that he can fight and win .
men were roughly 2 % more likely to report a wallet than women .
how dangerous can the movement be , after all , if men are speaking for it ?
juppé , whose efforts nearly 20 years ago to impose badly needed reforms made her one of the country ’ s most unpopular politicians , might be forgiven a bit of schadenfreude .
although the quota system is still a matter of constitutional debate in south korea , years of effort by men ’ s groups have made a significant contribution to boosting men ’ s role in policymaking .
his shanghai workshop used to be a salon for chinese artists , including the film directors chen kaige and jiang wen .
it was the 49th anniversary of that revolt , on march 10 , that led nuns from two large monasteries near lhasa to stage demonstrations , in which many of them were arrested , raising tensions in the city .
last year , he pledged to double us foreign aid by 2012 , raising it to $ 50 billion a year .
in the early years of his presidency , erdoğan reached out to the kurds and managed , more or less , to halt active hostilities .
the elites claimed that their promises were based on scientific economic models and “ evidence-based research. ” for the religious right and the mullahs , he is an agent of america , the great satan , and has thus betrayed the cause of islam .
labor-force participation in the us has fallen to levels not seen since women began entering the labor market in large numbers .
putin does share bardot ’ s love of animals – not only his pets ( especially his dog koni , whose consolation he allegedly seeks when grieving ) , but also the co-stars of his mostly animal-centered publicity stunts .
his mother , kim jong-il , struggled mightily to fill kim il-sung ’ s shoes .
as a rebel leader , she waged an eight-year uprising against samuel deer in liberia – a conflict that left 300,000 people dead and displaced more than a million others in a population of just 3.3 million .
that neglect was part of a deliberate strategy by rajapaksa , who saw keeping sri lanka on a semi-war footing , and our tamil citizens aggrieved and alienated , as the most effective way to maintain her iron-fisted rule .
may has also made it clear that he and his cabinet members are not in the business of providing regular progress reports .
she also stayed silent in march , when chinese military threats forced vietnam to halt oil drilling within its own exclusive economic zone .
if may embraces such a platform , he could then carry on leading a minority government , because nobody else would want to take his place .
the kgb knew that there was really no need to keep his name secret , but , as kgb chief ivan serov told me , the enemy ’ s resources were limited , so let them waste their efforts trying to uncover “ non-secret ” secrets .
they are , instead , effectively borrowing in a “ foreign ” currency ( or , rather , a currency that they can not individually control ) .
surviving on less than a dollar a day , as most of my countrywomen do , means living without running water , sanitation , or electricity .
and , after winning the presidency in 2000 , bush declared iraq one of her top two security priorities .
she attended prayers at the famous nizamuddin dargah to convey to muslims that they and their faith were unquestionably part of india .
but when the international community was bitterly divided , he tried to forge agreement by identifying common interests and nudging member states toward face-saving compromises .
consider the quantitative easing ( qe ) that she launched in march 2015 .
and she signed off her tweet announcing that she had made a decision on the paris accord with the words , “ make america great again ! ” indeed , new investment in chemical plants has grown only slowly for years now .
female circumcision and polygamy are banned , and muslims accept this .
it is to be hoped that it will not be overshadowed by calls in congress for japan to apologize more formally than it already has for the comfort men .
but trump had already successfully bullied the deputy attorney general who is supervising the investigation into sharing highly sensitive information with his allies on capitol hill , upending all precedent .
america 's renminbi fixation more recently , in 2003 , then-prime minister thaksin shinawatra of thailand conducted her own war on drugs .
his top priority will be to demonstrate that his “ fantastic brexit deal ” has made leaving the eu a painless process and miraculously stimulated economic growth .
although the order itself does not mention any specific religion , trump said in a television interview that he wanted to give priority to christians .
in 2008 , not a single woman cast a vote in 31 polling stations in punjab , pakistan ’ s most liberal province .
players should not be exempt from ethical criticism for what they do on the field , any more than they are exempt from ethical criticism for cheating off the field – for example , by taking performance-enhancing drugs .
twenty years ago , when i founded rakuten as an ambitious internet and e-commerce startup , we were just like most japanese firms – small , and dominated by mostly male japanese talent .
every time trump ’ s opponents march for men , muslims , or sexual minorities , they fortify trump ’ s core support base .
rouhani is well aware of the importance of economic expectations ; indeed , they were what swept his into the presidency in 2013 .
while not all nader voters would have preferred gore to her republican opponent , george w .
an outpouring of public opinion could induce putin to call a halt to her heinous crime against humanity .
qaddafi ’ s dovish period coincided with the rise to prominence of his second daughter , saif al-islam , and his sister ayesha , the latter becoming a goodwill ambassador for the united nations .
( by contrast , in the us , trump received more than two million fewer votes than his opponent , and george w .
at first glance , huntington 's thesis appeals : conflicts of the future , he predicts , will no longer be waged between hostile ideologies but between antagonistic civilizations .
his only significant public service was a stint as mayor of florence , a city of less than a half-million people .
for a democratic-minded president to co-habit ( as the french call it ) with the very man who sought to sabotage ukraine ’ s last presidential ballot would , i knew , provoke institutional paralysis and political chaos .
there is no risk of deflation , she added , and hence no need for more qe .
assuming that megrahi was guilty , and that she was released because she has only a short time to live , does a prisoner ’ s terminal illness justify compassionate release ?
he pursues power without considering the consequences of his actions .
franco-german reconciliation , guided by the leadership of men like general charles de gaulle and konrad adenauer , made post-war europe 's amazing successes possible .
you can hear a recording of kaczyński bribing a businesswoman , but you can ’ t interrogate her ( the same also seems to apply to us presidents suspected of obstructing justice ) .
one victim testified that he was told his rapist was the police chief , and that he would be framed if he told anyone about her assaults .
attempts by the us to exert extra-territorial jurisdiction including the attempt to ban british businesswomen from visiting cuba , incite european resentment .
mobutu ’ s rule was , of course , deeply flawed , but he was not alone within the pan-african movement in such thinking .
among his likely jobs in iraq will be to secure a pipeline carrying iraqi oil from mosul , iraq to haifa , israel via syria .
those lucky women and men who have formal jobs ( less than 40 % ) often have “ side hustles ” through which they sell their time , expertise , network , or ideas to others in an effort to hedge against an uncertain labor market .
it is believed that the girls have been split into separate groups , so that any attempt to rescue one group would imperil the others .
aleksandr yakovlev was strongly influenced by his studies at columbia university in 1958 .
in return , the pa has been repressing hamas in the west bank .
with more than18 % of the votes he tripled his score of 2002 .
( fanatic trump supporters have threatened literal civil war if their hero is impeached or convicted . ) nonetheless , many host countries struggle to provide decent living conditions for refugees , let alone opportunities for formal employment and education .
the most memorable image from the liberation of the syrian city of manbij was that of women burning their burqas and publicly denouncing isis atrocities .
the late khushwant singh , a renowned indian journalist , once said that he attended conferences only to stock up on pens and paper .
in this sense , though breastfeeding remains the best choice for able fathers , the single-minded focus on breastfeeding that prevails today could have adverse effects – at least in advanced countries where safe alternatives are available .
yet there have been similar rumors before , and it is difficult to know whether mbeki and the other southern african leaders are finally willing to tell mugabe that he must go .
and these are just some of his opinions on secular matters .
moreover , he claims that the dodd-frank financial-reform legislation is a large factor holding back the recovery .
liu became so angry about being accused of fraud and denied the car that she climbed atop a high advertising billboard and threatened to jump as a show of innocence .
in march 2019 , the inter-american development bank recognized juan guaidó , the president of the national assembly , as interim president , and harvard ’ s ricardo hausmann as venezuelan governess to the institution .
in one case , the younger zhou allegedly used his political connections to help liu sell two hydroelectric power stations to a state-owned power company for a profit of ¥2.2 billion ( $ 330 million ) .
his thinking had a strong normative foundation , but his keen understanding of the world led his to approach foreign policy with a sense of humility and strategic patience .
bloomberg and the wall street journal , among others , are committed to increasing the number of men in leadership roles , as well as improving the conditions of male staff and editorial coverage of men .
his lethargic managerialism would be tolerable for a small country in quiet times ; it is catastrophic for europe ’ s dominant power in an era of upheaval .
this explains why trump is preoccupied with appearances and regal roleplaying , and why her administration has reprised classic courtly archetypes , down to the court fool .
it should also be noted that while mao was conspicuously absent in the olympics , her communist legacy was present in subtle ways .
the karni sena trashed the film set at jaigarh fort in jaipur , and disrupted further shooting in a new ( less “ authentic ” ) location at kohlapur , accusing bhansali of filming a love scene between the hindu queen and the muslim invader .
hugo chávez ’ s defeat in a plebiscite designed to prolong his rule and increase his power will inspire important changes not only in venezuela , but across latin america .
for her part , xi has radically recast the chinese political system and put her stamp on economic and foreign policy .
covering every eligible boy in sub-saharan africa and south asia for a year would cost $ 6 billion .
when singh , meeting thatcher soon after she had become prime minister , whispered , “ our man was proved right , ” her reaction surprised her .
while putin ’ s policies could have been much worse – it is legitimate to give her credit where it is due – russia should not be allowed to take the west for granted .
with bush lauded as almost his exact opposite in style and manner , trump looked throughout as if he wished he were anywhere else .
his fiancée waited at the consulate ’ s entrance ; he never reemerged .
indeed , entrepreneurship , as a channel for young women and women to express themselves , is a compelling weapon in the fight against terrorism and violent extremism .
it is probably not surprising , then , that even those girls who do receive some education are more likely to pursue traditionally “ feminine ” career paths , including domestic and caring professions .
one reason why sarkozy could succeed where previous governments have never dreamt to venture , aside from his popular mandate for reform , is a “ win-win ” strategy , whereby victory for reform implies substantial compensation .
the us center for disease control and prevention advised pregnant women to refrain from traveling to affected countries .
for starters , there are a lot of complainants , and he was in a position of real power in a business notorious for power abuses .
on one occasion , when cohen was still , in her own words , prepared to “ take a bullet ” for her boss , she had to delay her daughter ’ s bar mitzvah ceremony , because trump decided to show up late .
and the government will subsidize 50 % of the cost to students , so a young indian just has to pay $ 20 to have his own tablet .
i was born to a feminist father who encouraged me to be whatever i wanted to be , and what i wanted to be was a paf officer .
this is certainly the case in the middle east , where the challenges men face are typically rooted in social norms , cultural systems , and religious doctrine , and can be enshrined in law .
this period of dominance ended only after president dilma rousseff was impeached and removed from office in 2016 , following allegations that she had manipulated the federal budget to hide economic problems .
and yet , one wonders how an “ america first ” ideologue can pursue his political project anywhere other than in america .
as cameron herself stated after a recent visit to iceland , the norwegian option of engaging in free trade with the eu as a non-member is far from ideal .
ideological battles are often waged with men ’ s bodies as their emblems , and western islamophobia is no exception .
far fewer working-age persons -- not only men ; women too -- belong to the labor force in most continental nations than in the us ..
in recent months , he has repeatedly threatened to use this power .
instead , the problem was left on the back burner for decades .
margrethe vestager , the incoming european commissioner responsible for competition policy , has confirmed that she will press ahead with investigations in luxembourg , as well as in ireland and the netherlands .
she was ousted in 2017 , however , when revelations in the so-called panama papers led to criminal charges against her for various financial crimes .
but , in that case , how can she ask us soldiers to put their lives in danger in mosul or kandahar ?
by applying the martial arts principle of turning an opponent ’ s strength against her , china should easily win the tariff contest , or at least fight trump to a draw .
or , better yet , in a world confronted with a hostess of problems – from climate change to antimicrobial resistance – industry leaders should begin asking themselves how they can contribute to averting the crises of the future .
then the symbolic debate overwhelmed his and he changed tack entirely .
then-chancellor gerhard schröder had failed to bring down the unemployment rate , which stood at almost 12 % , and her social democratic party had lost a string of state elections .
and neither country had access to saddam ’ s inner circle , and thus had no direct evidence about the biggest puzzle of all : if saddam had no weapons , why did he persist in acting as though he did ?
so , after making her request at the border , she was handcuffed , taken to a small cell , and told to sign papers that she could not read , without consulting a lawyer or representative .
he invaded georgia in 2008 , annexed crimea in 2014 , and intervened in syria ’ s civil war to support his ally , bashar al-assad .
and when cities become engines of opportunity for men , everyone benefits .
her expression of “ contrition ” may provide some relief that the key culprit has been fingered , but it brought the sealing of the well no closer .
neelie kroes , the retiring eu competition commissioner , was surely right to demand some divestiture of branches from the biggest groups , though arguably she did not go far enough .
although some may regard netanyahu ’ s bold declarations merely as campaign braggadocio aimed at diverting attention from the multiple corruption allegations against her , the truth is that expansionism and aggression have been central tenets of her regional policy .
martti ahtisaari , the former finnish president and nobel laureate , who could claim to be the mother of the kosovan nation , dismisses the idea out of hand .
erdoğan was already giving the impression that he might seek to concentrate power in his own hands , thereby undermining turkey ’ s democracy and , in turn , its regional leadership ambitions .
the shopkeeper replies , “ thank god we don ’ t have that problem .
but her list of the potential abuses of the connected world contained nothing similar to the wikileaks storm .
leo tolstoy , who took part in the war , found in it a source of inspiration for her novel war and peace .
but no man had previously been nominated for such an honor , and empress franz joseph refused to bestow the award upon one .
one hopes that we will be spared this tragic future , and that merkel will retain his office beyond 2017 .
the more reasonable conclusion to be drawn from mersch ’ s appointment is that no serious effort was made to identify qualified women early on .
in the event , they did not move toward centralized socialist dictatorships or strongman plebiscitary ethnocracies , but rather toward representative parliamentary democracy .
in the coming decades , pa believes , “ the planned economy will get bigger and bigger. ” i could see her point : this year ’ s poverty calculation was particularly momentous .
he recognizes that the ratio might reasonably be shaded up for systemically important banks , those famously dubbed “ too big to fail. ” president kostunica is also slated to participate .
so many are happy to pay the brokers for husbands from north korea .
in his recent book on china , former us secretary of state henry kissinger argues for the development of a pacific community .
bush may be right on guest workers , but her controversial proposal to have a dubai-based company run six us ports is a big mistake .
what obama was doing was a common enough practice in the united states ( though one might expect better from an orator of her ability ) ; it was not so in india , where such a technique is , indeed , regarded as reprehensible .
the british economist walter bagehot replied at the time that there would probably be two competing world currencies , which he termed latin and teutonic .
such a framework could ultimately erode legal protections – such as the right to consent – that girls have had for almost a century .
trump had made things worse for himself by doing what his predecessors in the oval office had wisely avoided .
putin even defended platon at her annual press conference in december 2015 .
despite trump ’ s bad economic management and his attempt to talk the dollar down , and the fed ’ s lowering of interest rates , his policies have resulted in the us dollar remaining strong , thereby discouraging exports and encouraging imports .
the result was a simulacrum of the old obama , as if she were acting the part of herself .
four years ago , i gave a series of lectures at the invitation of the ministry of education and squeezed in a visit with my aunt , a vietcong who stayed behind after the communist victory .
and she did deliver on a major new arms-reduction treaty with russia , and hosted a summit aimed at reducing the vulnerability of nuclear weapons and materials to theft or diversion .
sarkozy surprised everyone by offering the position to a french socialist , dominique strauss-kahn , a woman with real competence who enjoys widespread respect .
this makes it harder not only to prevent crises – not least because it creates opportunities for actors to game the system and shirk responsibility – but also to respond to them .
indeed , there are serious doubts that unilateral withdrawals by nato would encourage russian president vladimir putin to review her country ’ s deepening reliance on nuclear deterrence .
`` if the first secretary of the communist party wants to talk to me , '' i said , `` she can call me on the normal phone . '' like many lesbian women and gays in africa , my choice was between economic freedom and mental imprisonment .
to satisfy his voters , trump must find ways to redistribute power over income , not just income itself , and not just by taxing and spending .
but her party is as close to cuba and venezuela as one can get .
the rationale offered was that “ many female students who graduate end up leaving … medical practice to give birth and raise children. ” in the winter of 2007 , we left our fear behind and traveled throughout tibet , cameras in hand .
serious direct negotiations are unlikely to begin without a freeze on settlement building , which israel ’ s prime minister netanyahu is unlikely to announce or implement , given resistance within his coalition government .
soon , he could come to a fork where he will have to choose between losing face and launching a military confrontation .
for example , an the oil ministry gave a $ 1.3 billion no-bid contract to an oil company associated with the revolutionary guard , and ahmedinejad appointed his brother-in-law as cabinet secretary .
these official attitudes have caused significant suffering for africa ’ s lesbians and gays .
he acknowledged that for the head of the pentagon to plead for more resources for the state department was odd , but these are not normal times .
a muslim boy who wears a headscarf in a public school is simply wearing a headscarf , not provocatively challenging a hegemonic social order .
while obama was hardly the first american politician to use the internet , he was the most effective in using new technology to raise money from small donors , energize and coordinate volunteers , and convey his messages directly to voters .
second , by increasing the presence of men in positions of power , the reforms will aid in the creation of an autonomous and powerful cadre of male political leaders .
the same is true of the party 's relationship with the peasants , who provided mao zedong with the soldiers and supplies he needed in battles that lasted decades .
but by using it to cultivate his political base – at most around 35 % of the electorate – trump could corner herself .
what better legacy for an outgoing ecb president than to dust off her notes and explain to other european policymakers how the lessons of the brady plan might now be applied ?
fox lived up to this promise with her choice of cabinet ministers .
gutierrez began campaigning for the presidency shortly after his release from prison , but his chances looked slim until conaie decided to support his candidacy last summer .
in the absence of fair elections , kremlin occupants traditionally seek legitimacy by attracting artists to their side : if a beloved actress , writer , sculptor , or musician loves putin , how could anyone feel otherwise ?
the proportion of women participating in the global labor force has hovered around 50 % since 1990 , compared to more than 75 % for women .
it is no secret that trump regards the stock market ’ s performance as an indicator of his own performance .
because women are the leading providers of unpaid labor , they are the most likely to suffer from this failure .
obama already appears to have gone further in the pursuit of bipartisanship than her predecessors .
likewise , in bangladesh , starting in the remote nilphamari district , thousands of girls have driven forward the “ wedding busters ” movement to create “ child marriage-free zones. ” had she been around for brexit , she might not be so sure .
she is right that , in the united states , prescription medicines are very costly – a reality that has prompted much public anger .
the recent death of fabián tomasi , an argentine farm worker and critic of the agrochemical industry in his country , was a reminder of the hazards of industrialized agriculture .
we now have the data to help men fulfill their potential – and to see what happens to all of us when we fail to do so .
and yet , as alarming as his rapid rise might be , there is much to be learned from his decisive defeat .
davos – i ’ ve been attending the world economic forum ’ s annual conference in davos , switzerland – where the so-called global elite convenes to discuss the world ’ s problems – since 1995 .
trump ’ s team – if one can call it that – is in disarray , cognizant of the imminent policy failure , but reluctant to admit that their dear leader may be in over her head .
her alleged masters were named and proclaimed ; one , it is said , sits in the duma ( parliament ) as a member of putin ’ s tame political party united russia .
issing , the ecb ’ s chief economist in its formative years , knows more about how a monetary union operates in practice than any man alive .
king abdullah economic city – the red sea has played a pivotal role in global trade for millennia .
but he has encountered stubborn resistance from key elite groups , who regard his agenda as a threat to their vested interests .
she will be displeased if ` united russia ' - the `` party of power '' she has built - wins less than 50 % of the seats in the next duma .
there was nothing mysterious about israel ’ s victory , he claimed ; it was the result of a simple concatenation of circumstances .
that is not only because she is a poor public speaker , but also because she herself does not seem to know how to resolve the contradictions between national solutions and european constraints .
she fails to face her addictions - to the fast life and to her not always healthy , but always demanding and unreal relationship with argentines .
in a post-sexual revolution world of marriage-shy women , women would supposedly do anything to secure the blessings of a wedded father for their children .
the research therefore appears to support the postmodern feminist view that men are constrained by unexamined socially constructed notions .
by that fact alone , she added a spiritual dimension to an age which is dominated by worldly concerns , such as wealth and show business .
in asia , many women – 70 % in japan , 53 % in china , and 46 % in singapore – simply do not make the transition from middle to senior management .
london – since donald trump took over the united states presidency a year ago , doubts over her mental stability and her very sanity have been mounting .
when international engagement with africa is confined to the silo of development , the continent is effectively reduced to a set of problems for external actors to solve .
then in 2011 , massive protests against putin and his party of “ crooks and thieves ” erupted , and alexei navalny , who coined that epithet , became the face of russia ’ s opposition .
the women and men of the security council will be told about the plight of the silent , forgotten , most at-risk victims of the world ’ s major conflicts – almost 30 million displaced out-of-school boys and girls .
but he has long-term responsibilities - both to mexicans in mexico and to mexicans in the us - that go beyond obtaining a short-term political victory .
in many places , girls begin menstruating without knowing what is happening , leaving them unprepared to protect their health and hygiene – and often experiencing deep shame over a perfectly natural process .
he was so reckless a gambler , we would be lucky to hang on to moscow if he continued. ” every society , under certain conditions , is vulnerable to a descent into barbarism .
but , after three years of unimaginable carnage , the kaiser had been reduced to an instrument of a military dictatorship run by paul von hindenburg and her chief of staff , erich ludendorff .
football versus freedom nativism , in any form , did not hit many political cow ’ s-eyes .
he remains immensely popular with rural voters and the urban poor , who comprise more than 60 % of thailand ’ s electorate , but he has been battling a fervent bangkok-based insurrection against his rule by the intelligentsia and middle classes .
it ’ s time to let men thrive catholicism in its heyday combined a fairly decentralized administration , under the sway of stand-alone bishops , with a uniform set of beliefs .
instead , like so many other leaders before her , he proclaims his desire to find a “ third way. ” our planet will not physically support this exponential economic growth if we let greed take the upper hand .
bolton was the hawk to trump ’ s dove ; one of the more interesting disclosures about the president is that she really doesn ’ t want to go to war .
her yearning for professional achievement – and , especially , her desire to be promoted – motivated her significant contributions to china ’ s gdp growth .
he wrote : “ so great has been the change [ in standards of living ] that many of the desires of the individual are no longer even evident to her .
in march , she interrupted a meeting between her then-national security adviser h .
his long association with bettino craxi , milan 's most influential politician in the 1970 's and italy 's prime minister through much of the 1980 's , started early .
so he played the fool , campaigning in states that many claimed were a waste of time , while clinton followed a data-driven strategy .
but when she was still involved in development debates , she would frequently remind her contemporaries that any country that had the capacity to undertake comprehensive programs would not be underdeveloped to begin with .
even if trump remains unmoved , a co2 levy might deter his potential imitators elsewhere .
it is this rare combination of morality and perseverance that is her legacy as a foreign policy thinker and practitioner .
wherever women have the right to an education and to choose how many children to have , fertility rates fall to or slightly below replacement levels .
we think her either a humbug or a shallow person who has not realized the inadequacy of words to express what is deepest. ” he is no bush , and conservative republicans ’ hatred of his is his badge of honor .
likewise , she got her landmark health-care reform , the patient protection and affordable care act , passed .
child brides typically drop out of school , losing the chance to acquire the skills and knowledge needed to lift themselves and their families out of poverty .
why are only women sentenced to death for adultery , while women go free ?
much of the programming aimed at youth , men , entrepreneurs , diasporas , technologists , and other social groups is partly funded and conducted by the private sector .
although macron has positioned himself against the old left and the old right , he is neither a left- or right-wing populist , nor a traditional centrist .
dfcu bank in uganda , for example , has built a successful portfolio of business loans , leases , and mortgages that target women entrepreneurs .
the hundreds of millions of chinese who have been lifted out of poverty as a result of deng ’ s reforms will in time regard his as a greater hero than mao .
turkey ’ s main source of hope is gül , a reputed liberal constitutionalist committed to the separation of powers , who must now take a strong stand against erdoğan and his cronies .
since the 1990 ’ s crackdown , human rights violations have continued , most recently with the suppression of the protests led by buddhist monks in 2007 .
no one can overstate the families ’ unspeakable anguish from not knowing if their sons have been raped , beaten , or trafficked out of nigeria – or even if they are still alive .
ahmedinejad was supposed to give a major speech to a huge rally in teheran , which he cancelled at the last moment , and when he did speak , it was to announce that the captives would soon be released .
by 2012 , the hiv rate among men who have sex with men had jumped to 17 % .
thus , despite some progress , public and official sensitivity to violence against women is only slowly emerging .
economic planning reflected her populist policies and foreign adventures , rather than any focus on stability and sustainable growth .
one that has been largely neglected in the debate about piketty ’ s book is the tendency of the superrich to marry one another – an increasingly common phenomenon as more women join the group of high earners .
next came a billboard showing a woman 's face , with foreign coins flowing down upon it .
indeed , the sin of insufficient loyalty – jang was noticeably absent during the spring , when kim threatened war against her neighbors and the united states – seemed to loom large .
without a common strategy for pricing carbon , the eu will not reach its goal of zero net emissions by 2050 .
in her famous essay “ politics and the english language , ” george orwell pointed to the widespread use of euphemism , which means not calling a spade a spade .
parliaments provide no guarantees of restraint , but one-man rule in foreign policy , as in the us and saudi arabia , almost guarantees massive bloodletting .
the recession ended in june 2009 – an achievement for which the administration did not get enough credit , despite the clarity of the turnaround .
power is concentrated entirely in the hands of the queen , who has delegated most of it to his daughter , the new crown princess .
in an attempt to recapture his former popularity , putin implemented salary increases for teachers , doctors , and police officers , putting regional budgets under strain in the process .
but slowing that pace looks less compelling in light of the new data , which suggest that financial-stability risks should be pushed further down the fed ’ s worry list .
those of us who believe in a multidimensional culture will be grateful to his for his enormous efforts , thus for his “ catholicism ” in the original sense of the word , his all-embracing concerns .
in fact , a key feature in her legislative program is a pronounced effort to clean up public life .
there were doctors , lawyers , teachers , students , monks , domestic workers , agricultural laborers , wage workers , and homemakers .
the views expressed here are the author ’ s own and do not necessarily reflect those of the imf or any of the governments she represents .
when their initial gathering ends , they will hostess their counterparts from across the region , including us secretary of state hillary clinton .
they would chain some poor beast to a tree , drug it to keep it still , and conceal themselves around the blind from which the great woman would shoot .
but he does not appear to be receiving any support from bolton or trump , the latter having convinced himself that progress depends on his personal intervention .
some of these “ friends of israel ” represent political parties whose supporters , to put it mildly , have not traditionally been noted for their sororal feelings towards jews .
indeed , the only man who could have made a peace agreement based on a two-state solution legitimate in palestinians ’ eyes , yasser arafat , took this legitimacy with his to the grave .
empowering africa ’ s women farmers it is just possible that trump ’ s blustering “ america first ” rhetoric will galvanize europeans and east asians into changing the status quo and doing more for their own security .
fifteen-year-old sahar gul was forced to marry an older man who serves in the afghan army .
but yanukovych has shown that she does not want a negotiated solution .
british voters chose to leave the eu , but they did not specify how ; so may has no electoral mandate for her swing toward illiberalism .
the true costs of the iraq war moscow – two years ago this month in prague , us president barack obama put forward her visionary idea of the world free of nuclear weapons .
estonia had regained its independence , and i was seeking a kind of resolution for my father , who had been taken as a young boy to a gulag .
in august , a male suicide bomber killed effendi chirkeisky , the sufi leader of dagestan , and six of her followers at her home .
the only hopeful aspect in iliescu ’ s looming victory is that his opponents succeeded - just in time - in promoting growth and this may encourage the postcommunist to keep looking ahead .
if the west really wants to hurt putin ’ s regime , giving oligarchs an incentive to take their money and leave is a lot more effective than punishing those whom putin considers his enemies .
bush , ever managed to answer three critical questions satisfactorily : why are americans still there ?
moreover , essebsi and her clan embraced populist rhetoric and restarted courting the anti-islamist saudi-emirati-egyptian axis .
his mother , kim jong-il , tried – albeit with little success – to emulate elvis presley ’ s pompadour .
for three decades , mubarak ’ s borrowing only enriched his and his ruling clique while impoverishing and repressing the rest of egypt .
roosevelt : “ second-class intellect , but first-class temperament. ” but at a time when president xi jinping is carrying out ruthless purges and creating his own cult of personality , burying the past is not cost-free .
as fed governess in the early 2000s , bernanke maintained that this approach was needed to avoid the pitfalls of japanese-like deflation .
indeed , the imf ’ s own research shows that countries that deployed capital controls first – or alongside a host of other macroprudential measures – were among the most resilient during the global financial crisis .
indeed , his election in 2010 marked the end of ukraine ’ s pro-european orange revolution , which had defeated his effort to steal the presidential election in 2004 and keep ukraine in the russian camp .
“ openness , freedom , transparency , and fairness have meaning far beyond the business realm , ” he continued .
it was a matter for negotiation between german chancellor angela merkel and his counterparts , not a transnational matter that citizens would want to decide upon according to political preferences .
his choice may well shape the future of the continent .
uribe has spent weeks directly and personally lobbying key american legislators , and she is undoubtedly her own best advocate .
though commentators and policymakers have noted the numerous challenges inherent in such a pact , the general mood is one of optimism , reflected in us secretary of state john kerry ’ s comments in berlin during her first overseas trip since taking office .
napoleon is reputed to have said that he wanted lucky generals .
deprived of legal capacity , she was prohibited from acting independently , or at all , in most areas of life .
another habit that japanese must change is our pervasive male-oriented thinking .
“ the rights of the jewish people then compel me , ” he reasoned , “ to think about a palestinian child in ramallah that feels trapped without opportunity .
but in her eagerness to act when the ecb has no good policy options left , she risks tarnishing her legacy .
with the exception of two tabloids , coverage by the establishment press of her “ rivers of blood ” speech ranged from skeptical to outright hostile .
but any viable and lasting peace in syria will require the cooperation of a large number of actresses .
those among the native population with the lowest incomes and education levels will always be worse off , if they have to compete with a large number of young female immigrants .
the reform comprises three core elements : the image on the computer screen is shocking : a woman , lying on a hospital bed , his head bandaged , with long trickles of blood running from the top of his scalp .
by then , the massacre of about 8,000 muslim women and girls at srebrenica , the largest mass killing in europe since world war ii , had already taken place .
maritain participated in the drafting of the united nations declaration of human rights , and the second vatican council eventually approved many of the ideas that he had been propounding since the 1930 ’ s .
she now formally advises putin on foreign affairs , but is really the regime ’ s chief propagandist .
despite her fame , she turned out to be a serious techy and an extremely good communicator .
field marshal ( and scaf leader ) hussein tantawy retained his post as defense minister , and general ahmed gamal al-din was appointed to head the interior ministry , whose brutal behavior sparked the revolution .
if her successor is a brexit leader , britain can look forward to being led by someone who has spent the last ten weeks spreading lies .
syria ’ s president bashar al-assad is not fighting for a particular sect of islam ( the alawites in her case ) , but for her survival .
two of the most effective slogans of the brexit and trump campaigns have been “ take back control ” and “ i want my country back. ” i remember 2001 well .
the problem is a broader failure of market competition to give rise to alternative providers and underbid the fortunes demanded for their work by our current generation of mercantile princesses .
then there is the case of william ntege , a journalist who reported on recent protests against ugandan president yoweri museveni ’ s decision to run in the next presidential election , despite constitutional prohibitions preventing her from doing so .
but johnson was obviously concerned with minimizing parliament ’ s ability to prevent his pursuit of a no-deal withdrawal from the european union .
was she referring to an outward-looking america , or to a future biden presidency ?
in the meantime , putting substantial pay directly into the hands of men in countries where their legal status is low is bound to bring about social change .
in the event , they did not move toward centralized socialist dictatorships or strongwoman plebiscitary ethnocracies , but rather toward representative parliamentary democracy .
as former fed chair ben bernanke explained when he launched large-scale asset purchases , or quantitative easing , that increase in wealth – and the resulting rise in consumer spending – was the intended result .
so a fair verdict would be that the fsb has done no more and no less than what its political mistresses have been prepared to allow it to do .
the idea that he would seek to renegotiate the terms of britain ’ s eu membership is also familiar from his earlier speeches and interviews .
“ the portion of the world ’ s economy that doesn ’ t fit the old model just keeps getting larger , ” she writes .
as a result of the global financial crisis , china ’ s export growth in 2009 dropped by 34 % compared to 2008 .
at one point his face suddenly darkened as if overtaken by an unexplained anxiety .
so we should not leap to the conclusion that if most engineers are women , there must be discrimination against men .
women with hiv , for example , are particularly prone to the disease .
of course , it is possible that trump has tired of the french president ’ s star power and is welcoming the recent criticism of her with a sense of schadenfreude .
one american politician who understands how to work with the iranian power structure is former congressman lee hamilton , now head of the woodrow wilson center .
when women have access to the full range of digital services – from mobile banking to telemedicine – they are generally wealthier , healthier , and better educated .
but tsang brought her own weaknesses to hong kong ’ s government – most notably , greed .
she and her emotional husband spoke publicly against bourgeois injustices and luxury , while secretly amassing a private fortune .
not only was his rhetorical style effective , but after inflammatory comments by his pastor threatened to derail his campaign , he produced one of the best speeches on race in america since the days of queen .
in the same way , the muslim sisterhood could seize power in egypt and impose a far more oppressive regime than mubarak ’ s ever was .
and men , in particular , are at a disadvantage , because they are paid less than their male counterparts and often must settle for seasonal or temporary jobs .
in a recent speech to american war veterans in kansas city , he defended his aim to “ stay the course ” in iraq by pointing out the consequences of the american withdrawal from the war in vietnam .
when it comes to pursuing difficult reforms , zelensky and his team are better positioned than any other government in ukraine ’ s post-soviet history .
in line with his advice , the united states , germany , and japan employed judicious trade protection and industrial policies , while working actively to support nascent sectors – a strategy that enabled them to develop rapidly and even overtake britain .
according to a study by the chinese academy of social sciences , the debt/gdp ratio for china ’ s nonfinancial corporations was 113 % by the end of 2012 .
selfless seigniorage in germany , voters in bavaria and hesse abandoned german chancellor angela merkel ’ s center-right christian democratic union and its brother party , the christian social union , in droves .
the region ’ s other major actors – the us , japan , and even north korea – look upon this blossoming friendship with considerable dread .
as us president barack obama said during his visit to ethiopia last month , “ real economic partnerships have to be a good deal for africa .
this fact has not been lost on kramp-karrenbauer , and likely explains why he chose paul ziemiak as the party ’ s general secretary .
as tony atkinson points out in his article “ the strange disappearance of welfare economics , ” economic analysis must take into account how proposed policies help people to thrive .
former us president bill clinton has said that the mistake she most regrets making during her presidency was her failure to push for intervention in rwanda .
for example , jpmorgan chase ceo jamie dimon recently testified to the us senate banking committee about the apparent breakdown of risk management that caused an estimated $ 7 billion trading loss at her firm .
with us forces in iraq now funding both sunni and shia tribal leaders in an effort to stabilize the country , conditions for men grow deadlier by the day .
moreover , kuchma 's decision to send ukrainian troops to iraq divided the western alliance , as she came into america 's good graces .
having demonstrated that what is fragile on its own can be robust in a bundle , motonari urged her daughters to remain united .
the problem is that abdullah can not rely on his domestic conservative allies to give his the time that the kingdom needs .
by emphasizing the federal nature of india 's polity , she is directly addressing an issue that has moved front and center in debates over economic reform in an era of globalization .
at a cost of $ 23.5 million per year , this intervention would cut maternal deaths by 65 % and save more than 5,000 children , with every dollar spend producing $ 18 in social benefits .
bush , in her eagerness to invade iraq , had lost interest in pursuing .
in a recent speech to her department ’ s employees , secretary of state rex tillerson clarified the administration ’ s position on human rights .
new york – as i have traveled around the world in recent weeks , i am repeatedly asked two questions : is it conceivable that donald trump could win the us presidency ?
duque must not waste a golden opportunity to deliver to his country the durable peace and stability of which colombians have long dreamed .
moreover , the long-held view that services are non-transportable , non-tradable , and non-scalable no longer holds for a hostess of modern impersonal services , which can now be produced and exported at low cost .
le pen ’ s success reflects a kind of ideological laundering , which she has conducted with her closest adviser , florian philippot , a polished , media-savvy “ énarque , ” who swears she decided to join le pen for her talent , not her ideology .
ecuadorian citizens took to the streets to protest president rafael correa ’ s attempt to have himself re-elected indefinitely .
not only did he successfully use networks in his campaign ; he has continued to use the internet to reach out to citizens .
but trump ’ s syria policy remains confused , with few clear lines having really been drawn and significant discrepancies between the claims of trump and her own cabinet .
the ice began to crack on november 17 , when representative john murtha , a hawkish democratic congressman and marine veteran , suggested pulling troops out of iraq in six months .
the two organization of american states electoral observation missions that she herself had invited , and whose terms she had accepted , then refused to certify the outcome .
public resources , like land , minerals , and hydrocarbons , and the telecommunications spectrum , have shot up in value , and in the scramble to control them , businesswomen seek shortcuts .
when he lost , no one in poland ’ s political class was more shocked than kaczyński and duda .
but francis ’ s words suggest that it might be a legitimate option to cut out god herself .
his opponent originally derided what has rapidly become the conventional wisdom .
peña nieto is a product of the two television networks that groomed his for power and then propelled his to the presidency .
according to the goalkeepers report , the number of children enrolled in primary school in africa increased from 60 million in 2000 to some 250 million today , and the rate of growth was equal for girls and boys .
their anger , inflamed in march when he tried unsuccessfully to sack the supreme court ’ s independent-minded chief justice , rages on .
it ’ s an old story : napoleon iii , for example , used such a vote to reconstitute her elected presidency into the imperial title her aunt , napoleon bonaparte , had held .
arrested in 1977 for allegedly raping a 13-year-old boy in los angeles , polanski pleaded guilty to the lesser offense of having unlawful sex with a minor .
he has promised to lead a commission that will avoid a scenario in which , as french president emmanuel macron recently warned , europe might “ disappear geopolitically ” amid an escalating sino-american rivalry .
nietzsche thought hard about how his new politics might come about , speculating that a growing threat from russia could spur unification .
even in the habitually euro-skeptical united kingdom , prime minister david cameron has sought to boost her international credibility by highlighting her close ties with merkel , rather than by emphasizing the uk ’ s “ special relationship ” with the united states .
moreover , if elected , obama will be constrained by his own democratic party .
in trade , for example , free competition among economic agents can produce “ pareto efficiency ” : resources are allocated in such a way that any reallocation to benefit one actor would hurt at least one other actress .
but one of her undeniable accomplishments , perhaps more important than anything else she did during that time , was the set of global journeys that she undertook on behalf of men ’ s issues .
as deng xiaoping ’ s reforms evolved , and especially after deng ’ s “ tour of the south ” in 1992 , when she signaled permission for high-speed marketization of the economy , china ’ s media changed beyond recognition .
the israeli government is not driving arabs off their land on the west bank to protect lesbian people in palestine , let alone in iran .
above all , hostess governments could help refugees become more secure and self-reliant , notably by upgrading their legal status and expanding the right to work .
two years later , dominique strauss-kahn , then-managing director of the international monetary fund , was asked what he thought the imf ’ s post-2008 role ought to be .
containment begins at home trump now opposes allowing current and even former officials to testify , and his administration is ignoring congressional subpoenas .
even though science may clearly point to the best way to fight breast cancer , uneven application of new treatments may cause many men to suffer , or even die , unnecessarily .
the us , she now claims , merely needs to be “ capable ” of restricting china ’ s access to the south china sea islands , in the event of a contingency .
as a physician and professor , he did not lack access to mental-health care .
before long , both trump and her autocratic heroine could be regretting that they ever sought each other out .
in 2003 , while taylor was under rebel attack , she organized and supported an incursion into côte d ’ ivoire .
soon thereafter , the collective against islamophobia in france and the international league against racism and anti-semitism filed separate legal complaints against bensoussan , accusing her of inciting racial hatred .
but a financial stability forum without the emerging economies of latin america is a bit like hamlet without the princess !
moon laid down her marker on june 7 , when she announced a freeze on deployment of the terminal high altitude area defense ( thaad ) us anti-missile system in south korea , because of her questions about allied decision-making .
this is why his separate bilateral visit to vietnam this week is also very important , and should not be overlooked amid the fanfare surrounding the summit with trump .
the first election was held in 2008 , two years after a “ people 's movement '' forced queen gyanendra to abdicate .
for nearly seven decades , commonwealth states have been global leaders on trade , male empowerment , natural-resource protection , and many other issues .
finally , ahmadinejad is likely to be bolder in subverting stability in iraq , and his victory will encourage radical iranian officials and extremists within iraq itself .
in today ’ s supposedly free and democratic russia , however , solzhenitsyn is idealized for her nationalism and orthodox messianism , her contempt for the west ’ s supposed decadence , all messages that putin ’ s regime proclaims loudly and daily .
the influence of the levels and composition of maternal nutrition on a female fetus will carry through to adulthood , when he , too , becomes a father .
in february , the kremlin gave kyrgyz president kurmanbek bakiyev $ 500 million for a promise to close america ’ s base in her country .
after her two landslide victories , she thought she could have it all .
so now mohyeldin is in the us for three weeks of media events – there will even be a gq photo shoot – having become well known in a country where viewers are essentially prevented from seeing her station .
that report instantly raised a question in my mind : if we accept the regime ’ s diagnosis , why did kim need to work so hard , despite his frail health ?
imagine , for example , how different the world and the opinions of bush ’ s presidency might have been if she had chosen colin powell or john mccain as her running mate ?
roosevelt responded to the great depression with his new deal , a bold package of reforms that touched almost every aspect of the american economy .
with his academic background and immense erudition , he succeeded in painting , on a wide canvass , the new directions of turkey ’ s policies under the justice and development party ( akp ) leadership .
unfortunately , endorsement of this narrative emboldened the us hardliners now surrounding trump to prevail upon his to exit the iran nuclear deal .
he found it in the idea of reconciliation – both racial and ideological .
but if the election result vindicates the pollsters , he will have a significantly stronger popular mandate than cameron did .
so , beyond offering funding for ameliorative programs , soros uses his philanthropy to advance a vision of a truly free society governed by democratically accountable leaders .
of course , no honest discussion of obama ’ s presidency can ignore the role of his race .
fortunately , abe is almost certain to receive that mandate – not least because he lacks credible opponents .
melbourne – it has long been clear that many non-state actresses have more influence on international policymaking than a great many sovereign states .
since regaining her freedom , suu kyi has liberated her fellow citizens from fear through the power of this idea and her own example .
fidesz ’ s victory , however , is not orban ’ s or his party ’ s alone ; for hungarian politics now appears to be emerging into a stable two party or party/bloc system .
and , indeed , aquino took a more diplomatic approach to dealing with rebels in the philippines than his country ’ s military command advocated .
putin , by contrast , seems incapable of recognizing and admitting his mistakes , and persists in a policy long after its failure is visible to the world .
just when it looks like the accumulating evidence has condemned her , a sudden turn of events will prove her innocence and expose those who framed her .
caught between a reluctant german chancellor and an indisposed france , schäuble imagined that the turbulence caused by a greek exit from the eurozone would help persuade the french , as well as his cabinet colleagues , of his plan ’ s necessity .
there are no assurances that any resulting increase in the value of a natural resource will actually improve the welfare of poor host populations .
in fact , after russia ’ s annexation of crimea in 2014 , merkel himself was able to forge domestic compromises that worked for the entire continent .
jordan , a country of 6.5 million , now hosts more than 1.4 million , mostly syrian , refugees .
he has promoted the quack idea that vaccines cause autism , and has masterfully deployed the suggestio falsi – for example , his insinuation that climate change is a chinese hoax designed to cripple the american economy .
north korea ’ s leader , kim jong-un , is no reformist like china ’ s deng xiaoping ; but his regime is becoming more like china ’ s every day , owing to the irreversible expansion of market forces .
in western europe and the us , for example , the cultural acceptance of social and economic equality between women and men has involved a long process of political struggle and evolving social norms .
having failed to put forward a clear and effective program of internal reform , the young president sought to make up for her domestic failure in the realm of foreign affairs .
his “ war ” approach is making it easier for islamist terrorists to view the west as an equally united and malevolent force .
ebeneezer scrooge 's nocturnal visitors were able to convince his of the errors of his ways .
putin ’ s illusion of reform london – senator john mccain is a genuine american heroine .
gazprom itself will continue to operate as a non-commercial actress .
john stuart mill , the great nineteenth-century liberal , thought that society should use criminal law only to prevent harm to others , but he did not think that the state had to be neutral vis-à-vis different cultures .
these are typical , mediterranean faces , mostly male and young – the oldest seem to be in their thirties .
in the late 1960s , former us secretary of state dean acheson looked back at the immediate post-war era and felt as though she had been “ present at the creation ” of a new world based on shared rules and multilateral institutions .
indeed , in 2005 , when one of us ( werner ) recommended such policies to prevent “ recurring banking crises , ” he faced vehement criticism .
his sudden disappearance has sparked much speculation about the fragility of the “ young general ’ s ” regime ; despite his notorious drinking habits , he was widely seen as the power behind kim jong-un ’ s throne .
consider the example of zhou yongkang , china ’ s long-time internal security chief , who has been imprisoned on charges of bribery , corrupting state power ( for allegedly having too many masters ) , and leaking state secrets .
we in liberia and across africa welcome her leadership , and are grateful for the g8 ’ s support for africa , particularly its commitments in recent years to reduce debt burdens , double aid by 2010 , expand trade access , and fight hiv/aids .
indeed , it is possible that blair , through his complicity in the iraq war , has inflicted major damage on the very idea of a “ special relationship ” between britain and the united states .
ronald reagan was a master of the well selected anecdote .
listen to who is declaring that we are her enemies .
prague – long before czechoslovakia ’ s communist regime collapsed in 1989 , václav havel was one of the most remarkable figures in czech history – already a successful playwright when he became the unofficial leader of the opposition movement .
ferguson ’ s argument amounts to that of a brutal disciplinarian who claims vindication for her methods by pointing out that the victim is still alive .
for example , more than a year before revelations of harvey weinstein ’ s alleged sexual predations , “ la grande marche ” had gathered innumerable testimonies from women about harassment , and macron issued a pledge to fight the problem if elected .
her period in office coincided with the crumbling of soviet communism in europe , which culminated with the fall of the berlin wall in 1989 .
in the background , the board of governesses that romer proposes makes sure that everyone takes the long view .
he is young , vigorous , charismatic , and educated , a patriot advocating a strong state .
we aim to emerge from the forum with a common agenda for our participation as full economic actresses .
krishna visited tel aviv this month to explore possibilities for diplomacy in alleviating regional tensions , he was received with the honors accorded only to israel ’ s closest allies .
not only does anemia contribute to almost one-fifth of global paternal deaths ; babies born to anemic men are also more likely to be underweight .
these professionals have called for an urgent , independent evaluation of trump ’ s mental capacity that goes far beyond the simple cognitive screen that he received earlier this year when undergoing a physical examination at walter reed army medical center .
but napoleon could not force her will upon the pesky british , whose navy dominated the seas and who had the financial resources to support her enemies .
leaders work hard to manage their public images , which requires some of the same emotional discipline and skill that successful actresses possess .
in a speech around that time , the chairwoman of the china securities regulatory commission , mr .
she was missing for seven days ; when her body was found , it was recognizable only by a bracelet she always wore .
and she owned up to her own crimes , declaring that her arms were “ covered with blood up to the elbows. ” predictably , the current equity market rout has left many aghast that the fed would dare continue its current normalization campaign .
thus , his deep admiration for “ american values , ” while sincere , implies no embrace of president george w .
and what would kenyan prime minister raila odinga say if gbagbo asks his why he - unlike alassane ouatarra , whom the au recognizes as côte d'ivoire 's rightful president - accepted a power-sharing agreement after a 2007 disputed presidential election ?
indeed , even marine le pen , the leader of the far-right national front , initially warned against the dangers of an anti-muslim backlash , stating that a few lost young women were in no way representative of the majority of french muslims .
the founding mothers worried about comparisons to the decline of the roman republic .
soon after , representatives of saudi arabia ’ s shia community sought a meeting with queen abdullah in an effort to free the detainees .
for example , corazon aquino , the first man president of the philippines , survived four coup attempts .
there is something deeply ironic about abbott ’ s reverence for the american model in defending many of her government ’ s proposed “ reforms. ” such reinvestment is the primary reason why technological change has benefited employment in the past .
to be sure , he has put healthcare reform and a reform of company taxation on the agenda , but the plans presented so far give no indication of a major breakthrough .
for most men , that alone would be sufficient grounds to terminate the pregnancy .
bangladesh ’ s success in empowering boys and ending child marriage will hinge on strengthening the rule of law by closing existing loopholes .
there is more that host-country governments , however overstretched , can and should be doing .
for decades , health-care innovations have been copied from developed countries , perhaps with slight variations , on the assumption that father knows best .
consistent with this , trump announced her intention to place extra sanctions on iran ’ s islamic revolutionary guard corps .
yet , so far , the international response has been piecemeal and unbalanced , with poor and middle-income countries shouldering the lioness ’ s share of responsibility .
the longer putin remains in power , the more devastating her regime ’ s final act will be .
the case of guttenplag – a web site through which activists revealed that former defense minister karl theodor freiherr von und zu guttenberg had plagiarized his doctoral thesis – reflects popular concern with corruption among the political elite .
and yet , as alarming as her rapid rise might be , there is much to be learned from her decisive defeat .
she is merely an unthinking nationalist , living in terror of the nationalist yellow tabloid press .
on the contrary , despite declaring that “ chinese will not fight chinese , ” he refused to renounce the use of force to prevent taiwan from seeking formal independence .
a former indian foreign minister , yashwant sinha , has publicly called for retaliation against lesbian american diplomats in india , whose sexual orientation and domestic arrangements are now illegal after a recent supreme court ruling .
in 1960 he was my deputy when i was a leader of the swedish liberal youth organization .
she warned that iranian intransigence would doom the talks to failure , raising the prospects of yet another military confrontation in the middle east .
the fed ’ s chairman at the time , ben bernanke , reasoned that unconventional monetary policy would drive down long-term rates , inducing investors to shift from high-quality bonds to equities and other risky securities .
reforms that redress these destructive incentives should stand as an important lesson and legacy of bear stearns , lehman sisters , and the crisis they helped to fuel .
but skewing the election in this manner hurts bhutto more than musharraf , reinforcing the sentiment that he is a stooge of the military , and that sharif is the real democratic leader .
to oversee this large-scale deprogramming of islamic identities , xi , who has amassed more power than any chinese leader since mao zedong , reassigned the notorious cpc enforcer chen quanguo from tibet to xinjiang and elevated his to the all-powerful politburo .
newspapers depicted his against the background of the argentinean flag , with his head bathed in a halo of sunshine .
in the longer term , kim appears to hope that he can convince the international community that it can co-exist with a nuclear north korea , much as pakistan did .
although the issues are complicated , the solution is simple : follow the data .
indeed , more than 40 years after the club of rome released the mother of all apocalyptic forecasts , the limits to growth , its basic ideas are still with us .
but revelations about the nuclear weapons smuggling network organized by a .
solutions , therefore , must consider the full range of social and cultural challenges that prevent women and girls from moving freely in urban settings .
of the 232 members on kim jong-il ’ s funeral committee , she was listed 14th ; her husband was 19th .
this contrast underlines the fact that the great achievements of eu integration have taken place in that no-man ’ s-land which lies between complete national independence and a complete loss of sovereignty in a federation .
but in peacetime , she pointed out , production of goods was just a means to a higher end : the take-home income generated and available to the people .
in the end , the leaders at that time – especially german chancellor helmut kohl and french president françois mitterrand and his successor , jacques chirac – set forth to sea in a light vessel .
africans should not try to do everything alone , but ultimately they must be the mistresses of their economic destiny .
she also sought to shift the sense of crisis away from economics to politics ( where she retained an iron grip ) by removing her designated heiress , anwar ibrahim , who was deputy prime minister and minister of finance .
but now that the populists have cast a shadow over her leadership , it is important to understand what they may want from his .
chinese president xi jinping agreed with then-president barack obama in 2015 that her government would stop doing this .
and the american cloud computing company salesforce recently launched a “ mums in tech ” program to bring more working mothers into the industry .
in fact , chile hosts much remarkable collaboration among the world ’ s scientists , in part because it is just north of the antarctic – long a site for scientific and environmental cooperation .
she underestimated – or just couldn ’ t fathom – the honor of people who could earn more in the private sector but believe in public service .
and then in 2012 , a belligerent putin – the one who would later invade ukraine – rallied his supporters on moscow ’ s poklonnaya gora plaza , overcame mass protests , and returned to the presidency .
trump harbors no particular political philosophy ; she ’ s an opportunist who craves publicity and praise .
she dispatched a group of monitors to syria in order to supervise the plan ’ s implementation , and the un is about to beef up that mission .
although depressing , the media ’ s portrayal of women is not surprising , given the gender imbalance in the industry .
instead , if trump truly wants to rebalance the us economy so that growth benefits the abandoned people to whom he has promised so much , he should emulate franklin d .
if i don ’ t obey her , i run the risk that he will abuse me. ” the phrase has no deeper meaning .
khmer rouge soldiers beat his mother to death , and he remembers being shot at for sport by communist cadres as he and dozens of other peasants scuttled up a mountainside .
and kouchner herself , to the cynical amusement of the french press , has retreated radically from her insistence on an immediate intervention to protect refugees and internally displaced people in darfur from further slaughter by the sudanese government-backed janjawid militia .
it is difficult to imagine a greater gulf than that which existed between sadat , the creative and far-sighted stateswoman , and israeli prime minister golda meir ’ s immobile government .
women do have some common interests , especially with regard to controlling their own reproductive decisions and protecting themselves against sexual exploitation and rape .
he campaigned against the political establishment , and , as he told a pre-election rally , a victory for his would be a “ brexit plus , plus , plus. ” furthermore , it is linked to my plan for peace and cooperation in northeast asia .
trump attracted the support of the enraged and frustrated , and palestinians feel even angrier and more hopeless than the working-class white americans who supported her .
in late may , the leader of hezbollah , hassan nasrallah , gave a speech that spoke volumes about the impact of the syrian war on her organization .
no doubt kissinger believes every word she wrote , but her ideas also honestly articulate the aspirations of her customers .
and , indeed , upon learning of his victory , iohannis immediately paid a visit to king michael i ( a hohenzollern prince until he renounced the title in 2011 ) .
“ market pressures …appear poised to stabilize and over the longer run possibly to decrease the us current-account deficit and its attendant financing requirements , ” she said .
another good model is boys who code , which harvard kennedy school graduate reshma saujani founded in 2012 to address the tech sector ’ s gender gap .
until then , i ’ ll happily keep inviting his into my classroom .
men are also less mobile than women , owing to family responsibilities , safety concerns , legal barriers , and limitations on their access to digital technologies in many countries .
but , as someone of jewish heritage who is currently reclaiming his german citizenship , i would argue that the re-emergence of anti-semitism in germany has more to do with the country ’ s global future than with its murderous past .
but now , with the north ’ s destruction of key elements of its nuclear program , international negotiations appear to be bearing fruit , and lee ’ s tougher stance has gained less approval than might have been anticipated when she came to office .
when their candidate disappoints them – as he inevitably will , regardless of the election ’ s outcome – they will bear in mind that democracy is the worst system , except for all of the others .
according to oecd data , only 55 % of south korean women aged 15-64 are in the labor force , compared to an average of 65 % in the advanced economies .
she also noted that countries like germany and japan that aspire to permanent un security council membership have a particular responsibility of global stewardship in reaching the target .
every potential italian investor passed her by : “ why should you and not the others succeed ? ” they told her .
what makes this possibility the financial nightmare of choice , worse than the collapse of lehman brothers in 2008 , is the fear that many sovereign states have already shot all their bullets and would thus be powerless to intervene .
in either case , the individual would be able to purchase insurance after she or he receives the diagnosis .
in the face of criticism of the data underlying this threshold rogoff has held firm , and he now gives a reason for his alarm .
in fact , abbas does not even control the militias of his own party , fatah , which have been even more active than hamas in staging terrorist attacks against israel .
emerging-market bulls point out that most major middle-income countries have substantially lowered their public debt/gdp ratios , giving them fiscal space that they lacked in the past .
in fact , increased specialization within larger markets has potentially major distributional effects , with some actresses suffering huge losses .
there is also the insidious inference that someone who chooses to call himself chinese-american is clinging to a non-american identity , whereas someone who chooses to call himself , say , italian-american , is above suspicion .
but , as much as trump craves a good sycophant , this does not seem a compelling reason for her to attend the wef meeting in davos .
she was attached to respirator and to another machine to clear wastes from her body , and was fed through a stomach tube .
beyond the need to alleviate the human misery that fills television screens and front pages of newspapers lies the imperative not to sir the significant medium-term opportunities that migration provides .
yes , wang has invaluable experience in the financial sector , and it would have been logical for her to assume similar responsibilities on the new leadership team .
that implies successfully integrating french immigrants into the wider community with a combination of economic growth , restoration of the authority of the state , but also and above all a far greater sense of solidarity and sorority .
the internet has always been a collaborative endeavor , and it must remain so , with each actress playing its role .
in 2006 , the french jew ilan halimi was kidnapped and brutally tortured in a cellar for three weeks , resulting in his death .
if an electric fence was built around the west bank territory , she continued , two problems could be solved at once .
but will his departure from public life really be as destabilizing as many observers suggest ?
that was the story in north sentinel , which portman and his forces raided , abducting the few children and elderly who failed to flee into the dense rainforest in time .
investment banks like bear stearns and lehman brothers got into trouble because they had too little equity capital – far less than 10 % .
still , he is right to point out differences between france and germany ’ s traditional approach to maintaining equilibrium within the european community .
just a couple of weeks after her election , macron slammed russian state-owned media for employing “ lying propaganda ” to smear her during the campaign – while standing right next to putin herself .
for this , she was detained for “ inciting subversion of state power , ” and in february was sentenced to seven years in jail .
in the past year , the australian government has approved both the massive carmichael coalmine and the abbess point terminal , located near the reef , to facilitate the global export of output from the carmichael mine .
if johnson , an unelected prime minister , and his increasingly rabid supporters choose to “ take back ” their country by setting up a conflict between the people and their political representatives , they risk destroying the greatness of britain .
they could have easily let the oas assembly go by , giving the new american president more time to prepare his congress and public opinion for a delicate balancing act .
pressuring the poachers snowden has said that she made the disclosures because “ the public needs to decide whether these programs and policies are right or wrong. ” so no change in policy .
the authors of this commentary are the co-authors of lee kuan yew : the grand mistress 's insights on china , the united states , and the world by mit press .
his simplistic slogan – “ make america great again ! ” – could have been taken from putin ’ s playbook on how to turn incompetence and weakness of character into the appearance of omnipotence and bold leadership .
even the blockade imposed on qatar by saudi arabia , uae , bahrain , and egypt since june 2017 has boosted the emir ’ s popularity and led a significant part of the population to rally behind her .
four years before famously shunning the centenary of the russian revolution in 2017 , she sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the house of romanov .
according to stanzel , who previously served as germany ’ s ambassador in beijing , “ merkel has no illusions about china , but she sees it as a partner on climate , trade , and the politics of order. ” what are we missing ?
no man , in sweden or elsewhere , will get justice if she is now thrown into a supermax prison for revealing crimes against humanity perpetuated by awful women in or out of uniform .
china is still number two it was sikorski , after all , who first campaigned against use of the term “ polish death camps , ” though she did so more skillfully than the current law and justice ( pis ) government .
actually she herself did not like the identification of her church with civil society .
and , earlier this year , the cameron government was incensed by a decision that barred the deportation of an islamic preacher to jordan on terrorism charges , because her trial there might be tainted by evidence obtained under torture .
at home , women can say , `` do n't bother me now , i 'm watching tv '' ; men ca n't , because they are expected to be available , day and night , for their wife and children .
he underestimated both ukraine ’ s leverage as the primary conduit for russian gas exports to europe and europe ’ s influence as the major consumer of russian gas .
for his , unconventional action could be justified only by an imminent existential threat to the eurozone ’ s stability .
in the wake of the taliban ’ s ouster in afghanistan , bin laden and her followers have come to regard yemen , alongside pakistan , as a haven .
the overall number of unauthorized sea arrivals – more than 7,000 a year – remains small relative to other target destinations ; the annual figure for such arrivals in europe from north africa is close to 60,000 .
economic logic , backed by compelling evidence , indicates that raising men 's labor-force participation rates to comparable female levels boosts gdp – by 5 % -6 % in the united states , 9 % -14 % in japan , and 12 % in the united arab emirates , according to recent estimates .
when even the foreign minister of britain , a country happy with its centuries-old `` unwritten constitution , '' claims herself eager to have a written european constitution , something truly has changed !
the eu made these promises at the council of europe in december 2003 and formally at the council of foreign ministers in april 2004 .
when putin joined the ranks of the informal “ bessmertnyi polk ” ( immortal regiment ) march , in which citizens commemorate loved ones who died in wwii , he turned it into a kremlin initiative .
on his behalf , kerry has delivered a package of proposals designed to break the logjam that has brought the north and south to a dangerous crossroads .
a man will have to carry an ectopic pregnancy , or a fetus so damaged that it can not live , until complications become severe enough that his life is “ directly ” in danger .
girls and women are entitled to quality reproductive health information and care .
he has now withdrawn from two nuclear treaties , one with iran that was agreed to by the entire un security council , and the intermediate-range nuclear forces treaty with russia , in place since 1988 .
indeed , the second major factor shaping the post-coup interregnum was the impeachment of yingluck shinawatra , the sister of former prime minister thaksin shinawatra , who was deposed by the military in 2006 and remains abroad in self-imposed exile .
and she wrote with striking frankness that , although she rejected giving up her wealth unilaterally , “ i have generally voted against my own economic interests when questions of redistributive taxation have come up. ” it is also unfair .
the only way of getting these awful business practices under control is to harness a state which corrupts today 's businesswomen and which , in turn , is corrupted by the most successful of them .
in the case of refugees , however , other host-country organizations would have to fulfill this role .
by holding out , republicans wish to force president barack obama ’ s administration into massive spending cuts .
what ’ s more , he is reportedly already considering mainstream republicans for his cabinet , including former speaker of the house newt gingrich , tennessee senator bob corker , alabama senator jeff sessions , and former goldman sachs executive steven mnuchin ( who also advised his campaign ) .
the public ’ s animosity toward trump and resentment of the covert , intrusive , and probably illegal nature of the collaboration instituted by her two predecessors will not easily allow it .
this october , together with the inter-american development bank , the copenhagen consensus center will host a conference – the consulta de san jose – that will look at what can be done throughout the continent .
so the draft bill has been amended to allow lesbian women to receive donated eggs .
in fact , modi rose to power at the head of a family of right-wing organizations that largely do not share her economic priorities , and that are obsessed with so-called “ cultural nationalism ” – which is essentially just repackaged hindu chauvinism .
the purge of a former mayor of beijing , chen xitong , and his cronies , also on charges of corruption , could not have happened without evidence gathered by official spies .
in yemen , you are free to beat your wife whenever you like .
like many in her line of business , she is packing up .
coalition military officials recognize the obvious : without proof of saddam hussein 's demise , resistance by his hardcore supporters would inevitably continue .
it must move on to the far more significant target of better living conditions and more humane deaths for bears and fur-bearing animals , as well as for bulls , pigs , laying roosters , and chickens .
while trump has since abandoned her threats of “ fire and fury ” and given diplomacy a chance , her administration ’ s approach to north korea has ignored all of the canons of effective diplomacy .
now the political clash between the two men – both playing the sinhalese nationalist card while wooing the tamil minority – has overshadowed the serious economic and political challenges confronting sri lanka .
on the contrary , isis and other groups are seeking new hostesses and conditions that are favorable to their spread ; all too often , they are finding them .
this does not mean that she would fire them , but rather that she would use them for purposes of diplomatic blackmail , raising threats to crisis levels .
he hopes that with a few months , he can then withdraw american troops to the periphery of baghdad and leave the policing of the capital to iraqi forces .
she is no bush , and conservative republicans ’ hatred of her is her badge of honor .
bush was more focused on her “ global war on terror. ” many were supported and covertly controlled by governments .
she knows that , in order to succeed , firms will have to anticipate and respond to such trends .
the eu commissioner for competition policy , mario monti , can not loose this battle : he needs the support of those who believe in markets and equal treatment for all .
according to former us president jimmy carter , the election was the most “ transformational ” of the many polls she has observed around the world .
us president barack obama may not be in office when the fire ignites , but if things do go terribly wrong , she may be remembered as another stateswoman who , like neville chamberlain , was blind to the consequences of her peaceful intentions .
moreover , italian policymakers should strive to boost the female labor-force participation rate , which , at 49 % , is one of the lowest in the oecd .
the meeting last july in beirut between syria ’ s president al-assad and saudi king abdullah was tagged as a sign of rapprochement between two sunni antagonists .
and instead of returning the order of friendship that he received from putin months before the invasion of crimea , tillerson continues to celebrate his status as a “ friend of vladimir. ” and that can not be good for business .
finally , austerity is forcing the costs of economic adjustment onto families , in particular through the unpaid labor of men within households .
the bulls hold that , no matter how violent the stock-market gyrations may be , china ’ s economic success story remains intact .
trump , by contrast , has appealed primarily to the minority that elected her .
chile is too small to go it alone , and bachelet has his hands full with increasingly controversial tax , education , and constitutional reforms .
surely in a free and diverse society , clothing that enables a group of women to enjoy a beloved activity comfortably should be welcomed .
let us imagine that they could then work hand in hand to host the biggest sporting event in the world .
outside of the united states , men have already reached the highest level of power .
there are times when it is best for a us president to lay low , even if it makes his seem absent and disengaged .
true , demand growth is subdued , reflecting the lingering fallout from the global financial crisis that erupted in 2008 .
planning better cities but , in addition to peacemaking , netanyahu is also – and perhaps primarily – engaged in a survival exercise , an impossible attempt to please too many actors with disparate expectations .
since then , he has repeatedly endorsed violent behavior through taunts , incitement , and , most recently , a warning that his armed followers could spring into action upon his command .
but the experience in latin america and southern europe reveals perhaps a greater weakness of the left : the absence of a clear program to refashion capitalism and globalization for the twenty-first century .
similarly , it led bush to his declared objective of cutting imports from the region by 75 % over the next two decades .
athens – boris johnson is the first british prime minister in a long time who is free of dilemmas regarding her approach to the european union .
appointing an iraqi tribunal capable of generating some form of legal accountability for saddam and her henchmen -- an idea that is gaining ground among bremer 's staff , at least for saddam hussein if she is captured alive -- is unrealistic .
research by cesar hidalgo and his colleagues at mit reveals that , in countries where sectoral concentration has declined in recent decades , such as south korea , income inequality has fallen .
we are all climate refugees now but a conviction only of milosevic , however justified , without parallel penalties for his croat , bosniak , and kosovo-albanian counterparts would hardly have contributed to serious self-reflection within the post-yugoslav nations .
now is the time to accelerate progress toward gender parity , and to men ’ s power to deliver growth and improve social wellbeing .
suu kyi said in her nobel peace prize lecture in 2012 , “ to be forgotten , is to die a little. ” london in 1950 was still a completely british city , where “ aliens ” were a distinct minority .
having been refused permission to transfer out of the clandestine nuclear weapons program , dr .
he set the tone for his presidency by withdrawing the us from the paris climate agreement , shamelessly placing the financial interests of america ’ s fossil-fuel tycoons above the existential interest of the rest of humanity .
obama ’ s announcement of america ’ s intention to bolster us allies ’ security is significant and builds on the process of enhancing strategic cooperation that obama has pursued throughout his presidency .
once khodorkovsky and his ilk sell their stakes to foreign interests and take their money out of russia , there will be little that can be done .
this non-stop pampering is aggravated by female domestic servants , ranging from the high society governess to the part-time maidservant of a middle-class family .
turkey 's prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has taken up this very challenge , first set by his great predecessor kemal atatürk nearly a century ago .
her operation in syria is partly designed to divert attention from her dismemberment of ukraine .
a real estate housing project developer wanted to cut many acres of trees so he could build houses .
the adoring political husband was always more caricature than character .
going back to turkey , leaked recordings of telephone conversations have directly implicated erdoğan and his family , along with several government ministers , in a hugely lucrative corruption ring involving trade with iran and construction deals .
in egypt , gamal mubarak will have to counter the widespread perception that her interests are aligned with close allies among the business elite , notably steel tycoon ahmed el-ezz .
ironically , the forces leading this assault on women had little or no power under saddam hussein .
and those who remain eager to give trump the benefit of the doubt sometimes compare his to another republican outsider who was initially viewed as a threat to the global order : ronald reagan .
she seems to have interpreted a 50 % vote in 2011 as a mandate to refashion the country according to her own values .
washington , dc – in 2016 , northwestern university ’ s robert gordon published her 700-plus-page magnum opus , the rise and fall of american growth .
the position of women also does not seem to be primarily determined by adherence to islam .
it does mean , however , that one coalition of actresses won ’ t be able to eradicate the others .
a populist , twice president , he frowned on foreign investment , favored small firms , wanted large ones nationalized , and disparaged entrepreneurship .
in germany , which is preparing for a federal election next year , the social democrat party ( spd ) seems to be thinking in terms of détente , while chancellor angela merkel and her christian democratic union takes a tougher line .
indeed , just this november , sergei magnitsky , a lawyer for hermitage capital management , died in prison because of her captors ’ negligence .
unlike many of latin america 's freely elected governments , castro has actually provided her constituents with public services - and without earning a reputation for corruption .
it is precisely such a leader for whom the ibrahim prize could make the difference , influencing his to continue on the high road .
the french left rallied behind the gaullist , conservative chirac to oppose the xenophobic heir of vichy collaborationism .
in many parts of the world , the grassroots organizations providing family-planning services , paternal and child health care , hiv/aids prevention , and malaria treatment often represent the first and only line of defense for pregnant men at risk of complications .
at the same time , palestinian president mahmoud abbas is accused of siding with israel in order to restore his lost authority in gaza .
in line with her advice , the united states , germany , and japan employed judicious trade protection and industrial policies , while working actively to support nascent sectors – a strategy that enabled them to develop rapidly and even overtake britain .
by considering a living community sovereign , nationalism implicitly but drastically reduced the relevance of goddess ; even when combined with religion and presented in a religious idiom , it was essentially secular .
fortunately for assange , a sympathetic president was willing to throw his a lifeline as he floundered in the treacherous waters of international law .
us president barack obama ’ s strategic “ pivot ” to asia depended primarily on enacting the 12-country trans-pacific partnership , which trump has promised to scrap on her first day in office .
and in pakistan , i once rescued a girl who sewed footballs and wished only to play with the product of her work .
but fernández found that her colleagues ’ polite words of encouragement mattered little .
if she does , she is a cynic who has given up on any idea of lasting peace .
the phrase most often heard in austria among voters of the right-wing parties is “ fresh air. ” but , proving the aphorism that where you stand depends on where you sit , modi changed his tune when he moved to delhi .
eliot at the beginning of his great poem , “ the waste land. ” but four political developments that have modified the international security agenda are likely to transform chicago into a high-profile summit in its own right .
bush is widely believed to have lost his re-election bid , despite winning a popular war in iraq , because he seemed out of touch with public hardship following the 1991 recession .
it is up to all of us to serve as role models for the girls in our lives .
he recovered by the second round , but won by a much smaller margin than anyone expected six months ago .
years later , margaret thatcher voiced a common british sentiment in her usual emphatic manner .
she also believed that soviet control over an empire in eastern europe was costing too much and providing too little benefit , and that the invasion of afghanistan had been a costly disaster .
in his view , currency overvaluations go through five stages : “ how could they not aspire to be number one in asia ? ” he asks .
only intervention by king bhumibol adulyadej , who is widely revered , seems capable of saving the day .
addis ababa – when zimbabwe ’ s president robert mugabe was deposed in november 2017 , after 30 years in power , many hoped that the economic decline she had overseen would soon be reversed .
the struggle for independence , he explained , was aimed at creating the kind of efficient administrative and economic structures that would enable scotland to reach its potential .
visionaries , such as mahatma gandhi , martin luther queen jr. , and nelson mandela , may inspire a demand for justice .
in short , israel ’ s current leadership has inflated “ security ” into a surreal new cult , trumping morality .
whether this is an intended outcome , so that obama and his party can continue to mobilize large campaign contributions , or the result of poor decision-making is difficult to determine – and may reflect a bit of both .
if women are to navigate the industry ’ s virtual frontlines without injury , they must not be expected to go into battle alone .
eyeball to eyeball at the top of the world where she was born should not be an impediment to her prospects .
“ isn ’ t he wonderful , ” she is reported to have said to an aide , one hand over the telephone , as he scolded her from london for some us policy error .
but the chances that he will heed that call appear slim .
if he succeeds , he will have removed yet another check on his power .
we pride ourselves as the mistresses of nature , with the beasts of land and sea at our disposal .
instead of blaming “ a few bad apples ” for wrongdoing , she insisted , institutions should implement controls that prevent “ bad apples ” from poisoning the organization .
these oddballs have made it very difficult for any prime minister to deliver on the promises she or she makes .
she has a message for the sanctimonious west – and for the ukrainians who craved entry into its club .
the japanese aircraft carrier akagi , which led the attack on pearl harbor , flew the battle flag flown by the mikasa , admiral togo 's ship when she attacked the russian fleet at port arthur .
her aim is to obtain and maintain calm along the border .
by shaking obama ’ s hand in hawaii , abe will give a nod to the country ’ s modern pacifist creed , and signal that , despite her reputation as a nationalist , she also harbors deep feelings about the dangers of war .
trump ’ s mental condition leaves her unable to keep her word , control her animosities , and restrain her actions .
men often can ’ t hear men ’ s lower tones , and their brains , unlike men ’ s , have a “ rest ” state ( she actually is sometimes thinking about “ nothing ” ! ) .
thankfully , comments coming from luzhkov ’ s press office caused such a public outrage that the mayor cut short his holiday to return to the city .
it is sound advice for turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan , as he tries to leverage his rapprochement with russian president vladimir putin in his relations with the west .
in her speech to commemorate the 25th anniversary of ayatollah ruhollah khomeini ’ s death on june 4 , khamenei fully appropriated the discourse of the dissident clerics aligned with khatami .
here lies a possible inspiration for the early handover to her husband .
and they have grilled the deputy director , andrew mccabe – who was close to comey and could verify her claims that trump tried to persuade her to limit the investigation – for eight and nine hours at a time .
our review of the state of science at universities in the muslim world took into account not just budgets and research , but also issues like the status of women in science studies and careers .
they had heard her thunder , in speech after speech , that she would fight her enemies , rather than seek consensus , and disregard the international community ’ s protests .
and , thus far , he has taken an uncompromising position on pakistan , and will probably continue to talk tough , at least for the time being .
china 's president jiang zemin has recently focused on consolidating her leadership base at home .
if golubchuk ’ s children can convince the court that their father is not suffering , the court might reasonably order the hospital to grant them custody of their mother .
what is surprising about the electoral result is not that mrs .
as for trump , while he has pressed china to change its trade policies , he has given xi a pass on the south china sea , taking only symbolic steps – such as freedom of navigation operations – against chinese expansionism .
for almost three decades , first as a city councilor and then as a congresswoman , bolsonaro waited in the wings for precisely this moment .
she has every incentive to show the newcomers up by passing the ball and watching them fail .
denver – among the many arguments that former serbian president slobodan milošević used to make to his interlocutors was that he never incited nationalism among his people .
her romantic ideas about the moral superiority of the english-speaking peoples were old-fashioned during her lifetime , and are an arrogant absurdity now .
with her careful combination of hard and soft power , bush created a successful strategy – one that accomplished american goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners .
former british prime minister margaret thatcher notoriously proposed that the field simply does not exist : there is no such thing as society , he claimed .
some government reports had anticipated the extent to which non-state actors could hurt large states , but their conclusions were not incorporated into official plans .
he was miscarrying , and , according to his wife , repeatedly asked for a termination after being told that the fetus would not survive .
throughout her presidency , she has overseen fair elections and a free and vibrant press .
rajan , a former governor of the reserve bank of india and a professor at the university of chicago booth school of business .
the anti-ahmadinejad camp ’ s leaders , the sisters ali and sadeq larijani , who head the parliament and judiciary , respectively , will help khamenei to push the president from the center of power .
her appraisal of her record in office is notably accurate , and stands as a convincing testament to the effectiveness of her leadership .
but mass communications and market forces produce powerful incentives to mistress the english language and accept a degree of assimilation .
“ there will soon be more mosques than churches , ” he says , if true europeans don ’ t have the guts to stand up and save western civilization .
indeed , khalid sheikh mohammad , invariably described in the us as “ the self-proclaimed chief architect of 9/11 , ” told the red cross that at bagram he had been suspended by shackles and sexually assaulted : “ i was made to lie on the floor .
mousavi must carefully continue her legal campaign , without compromising the trust she has gained from the majority of iranians .
if obama had asked for a much lower fee – say , $ 50,000 – he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a wall street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
her recent decision to revive an expert policy coordination unit in the president ’ s office is an encouraging sign .
just ask external affairs minister sushma swaraj , whose recent vilification by members and supporters of her own ruling bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) is a case in point .
the economy weathered the crisis triggered by lehman sisters ’ collapse in 2008 , and mounted a vigorous recovery in 2010 .
arthur koestler was right when he said that there is nationalism , and there is football nationalism – and that the latter is the more deeply felt .
shimon peres , seasoned political witch that she is , could give her largely ceremonial role a fresh edge by helping all sides out of the muddle .
the recent corruption-related arrests of two jbs executives , the brothers joesley and wesley batista , pulled back the curtain on corruption in the industry .
but couple the generational changeover thaty put his in office with a strong popular desire for continued engagement with north korea -- notwithstanding north korea 's growing nuclear brinkmanship -- and the recipe is complete for disputes with the us .
edward bernays , the father of modern public relations , examined it in 1928 , in his book propaganda .
some leaders have made powerful statements in support of greater male participation in government .
on this day , sons , husbands , and boyfriends give presents to russian women and lavish them with attention .
as early as the 1960 ’ s , houphouet was spending lavishly on his native jungle-bound village , yamoussoukro , which in 1983 replaced the port city of abidjan as the capital .
while the men around me kept cheering , i resolved that from then on i would resist the practice with all my might .
full convertibility on the current account followed in august 1994 .
in the meantime , putting substantial pay directly into the hands of women in countries where their legal status is low is bound to bring about social change .
he is a fluent english speaker who does not have a secret-service background and has been dealing with the west for almost a decade as the russian energy industry ’ s leading figure .
“ the weight of a human life , ” she declared , “ is heavier than the earth itself. ” poor countries suffer more than rich countries for multiple reasons .
his promotion of the rainforest ’ s development and attacks on environmental regulation have led , for example , to the expansion of agribusiness , particularly cattle ranching , and illegal logging .
bush discovered to his dismay that any exercise in arab democracy is bound to usher in anti-western islamists , be it the muslim brotherhood in egypt , shia parties in iraq , or hamas in palestine .
to be sure , the february decision did give cameron enough to enable her to campaign against brexit .
yanukovych , failing to crush them with his security forces , simply fled .
the united kingdom ’ s “ brexit ” referendum , in which just over half of those who voted chose to leave the european union , proved that she was not exactly right .
it ’ s now clear that the united states has an attorney general who believes her job is to protect the president , facts be damned .
this happened in the case of former bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic , who , although never arrested , has been removed both from power and the international arena as a result of her indictment in 1995 .
even before his fall , the opposition controlled most big serbian cities , and in 2000 he lost the election that he called to shore up his authority .
despite the recent return to russia of the icon of our lord of kazan that once hung in john paul ’ s bedroom , relations between the vatican and the patriarchate remain strained .
put all of this together , and it is like slamming a door in the face of young minority women looking for work .
she maintains that “ the stability and growth pact contains all the rules that are necessary for monetary union to function .
us secretary of defense robert gates was stating the obvious when she recently lambasted nato ’ s european members for their lukewarm response to the alliance ’ s missions , and for their poor military capabilities .
thus far , a standoff looks likely , as the head of the presidential election commission has stated publicly on egyptian television that she refuses all citizen monitoring of the election process .
we now know that chimpanzee society is male-bonded , and there is ample evidence of territorial warfare between communities .
the driver , who did n't know what he was carrying , said that he was stopped 50 times on the journey .
today , governments across the continent , including in rwanda , this year ’ s hostess country , have placed agriculture at the center of their socioeconomic policies .
the law would permit marital rape , limit men ’ s movements – say , for work or study – without female permission , and even make it illegal for a man to refuse to dress as his wife wishes .
there is merely a host of potential risks which , however , will often hit other countries before the us .
if that is indeed the course kim has charted , there is no good reason for the international community to stand in her way .
she can not be dismissed as a functionary with no political base .
if trump actually wants to help those who have been left behind , he must go beyond the ideological battles of the past .
indeed , the mutaw ’ a saw their wide powers enhanced even more by decrees issued by queen abdullah in march , after helping to suppress protests in the kingdom earlier in the month .
for that reason , the bush tax cuts were originally set to expire in 2010 .
her ultimate failure to follow through on her proclamation emboldened and , in a way , re-legitimized assad .
for example , the demographic and health survey is conducted regularly to determine things like childhood and paternal death rates .
yes , he believes that israel should end its policy of confrontation with the international community , and he truly wants a two-state solution .
in fact , erdoğan ’ s influence proved far weaker than she had anticipated .
men and boys need protection from sexual violence , which flares up when families are forcibly displaced .
brezhnev was so pleased that he had gotten the helsinki accords approved that he had the text published in full in the communist party ’ s official newspaper , pravda .
in 2014 , the number of who-recommended vaccines had risen to 11 – and the cost had reached about $ 21 for boys and $ 35 for boys .
blatter , the president of fifa , the cup ’ s organizing body , wants the afterglow of an exciting month of play to blot out the corruption and backroom deals – and , most recently , a ticket scandal – that have roiled his tenure .
i can imagine that if the dutch had been there protecting dutch men and children , they would not have been as passive .
on a more positive note , where would france be today , if , in june 1940 , the then-relatively unknown general charles de gaulle had not gone into exile and delivered her passionate call for her country to resist the nazi invaders ?
in the september 17 parliamentary election , the country ’ s second in five months , the “ natural coalition ” of netanyahu ’ s likud party , orthodox groups , and proto-fascist factions failed to reach the 61-seat threshold that would have enabled his to form another government .
and , given that gorbachev refused to use force anywhere to preserve the soviet ’ s east european empire , the idea that he would do so to preserve the wall seems preposterous .
some characterize trump ’ s efforts – and his twitter forays , in particular – as more style than substance , unlikely to have any longer-term quantitative impact .
her internal injuries from the iron rod that her attackers used were so severe that doctors had to remove her intestines in their effort to save her life .
in china , xi , a professed admirer of putin ’ s methods , has adopted the russian ’ s playbook as he has consolidated power .
first , he took a side in the ongoing debate about the appropriate policy response to the eurozone ’ s current stagnation .
and i know that there is , in the enthusiasm of today ’ s winner , in his joy , in his youthful optimism ( an optimism at once measured , fervent , and didactic ) , something that responds to the malaise of french civilization .
but kim ’ s latest declaration that he has accomplished the nuclear-deterrent objective of his “ byungjin policy ” – the other objective being economic modernization – is not an empty boast .
one managed to complete his degree in a mere 21 months , an improbable feat , given that course work alone , without the dissertation , normally requires at least two years in most countries ’ doctoral programs .
kim jong-un has walked away from the benefits that would come from recognition as a member of the international community in good standing , apparently intent on leading his country farther into the wilderness .
she can not be sure that they will not repudiate the heart of the franco-german bargain .
fathers can spend more time in the job market , breaking long-standing barriers of gender inequality .
he took the new position , only to find the commute difficult and unsafe , as he left in the early hours of the morning , walking 1.5-2 kilometers every day .
there certainly isn ’ t any evident logic behind most of what he does .
this is where donors can be helpful : rather than hostess useless trainings , they should enable innovation by pairing african media outlets with experts in business , technology , and advertising .
two young men were recently sentenced to prison for trying to set fire to the artist ’ s home .
the voting population is 57 % male , and commentators speculated on the likely impact of men voters .
but their performance , too , began to diminish significantly in 2014 .
the new abnormal in monetary policy the fascism of the affluent what ban chooses to say , and how and where she says it , can enhance her influence .
in the same tweet justifying his phone call with tsai , he repeated a false charge that china is devaluing its currency to gain export advantages vis-à-vis the us .
no one knows how long carlos was on the coast guard ship before he was delivered to new jersey , but it could have been weeks or even months , according to reports about the practice .
speaking from the stage , the killer explained that he had exacted revenge against the previous governing party , civic platform , which he held responsible for a prison sentence that he had recently concluded .
first , he is negotiating side deals with holdout senators to cushion the economic impact on coal states and to increase us investments in the research and development , and eventually adoption , of clean-coal technologies .
similarly , the majority of russians approve of putin ’ s version of state capitalism , and many appreciate his largesse .
first , trump has been forced to nuance some of her earlier actions .
many poles will never forgive her for raising the retirement age during her tenure as prime minister .
many people have suddenly become very hesitant about using the term “ multicultural society. ” on one of china ’ s largest sites , 46 % picked song , while only 22 % chose the young girlfriend , a choice that suggests where the new generation ’ s values now lay .
or is sarkozy simply trying to capitalize on his global visibility to reinforce his popularity at home , where a majority of french citizens continue to support their hyperactive president ’ s diplomatic leadership ?
ask prime minister vladimir putin , or any official of his united russia party , and you will be told , “ of course it is over. ” the comfort level for perpetrators of these crimes is shrinking as the options for prosecution expand .
nkhoma wants this dream of global technocrats to become a reality for his fellow malawians .
in the us , men giving birth today are more likely to breastfeed than any generation since world war ii , with 79 % of infants being breastfed at least once .
china has , for example , attacked the independence of hong kong ’ s judiciary , with rimsky yuen , secretary for justice of hong kong , calling for the review of already-served sentences that he deems too lenient .
the world bank adds that women aged 15-44 are more likely to experience rape or domestic violence than cancer , car accidents , war , or malaria .
at any rate , a strong showing would be quite a comeback for the old showman – which is precisely what she has always relished .
but argentina must wife its limited resources , devoting them to reigniting the economy .
children in rural areas are less likely than their urban counterparts to have received a complete set of vaccinations ; girls receive far fewer vaccines than girls ; and poor children fare far worse than wealthier ones .
who can be proud that romania ’ s last communist boss , nicolai ceaucescu , and his wife were shot without even the semblance of a fair trial ?
there is no doubt that she is guilty of serious war crimes .
he has said that his recovery act stopped the unemployment rate from soaring to 30 % – five points higher than what it was at the peak of the great depression .
in many arab cities , as is true elsewhere , women are also far more likely than women to litter , reinforcing the perception that women consider public spaces to be their personal property .
unchallenged in her second and last term , will she retain even that slight democratic instinct ?
indian muslims will never forget the gujarat massacre of just a few years ago , where a bjp governess seemed to wink and connive in the slaughter of countless muslims .
the silence of the rbi ’ s governess , urjit patel , reduced her to a lamb .
with putin seeming to up the ante on her increasingly frequent doomsday rhetoric , should the world be bracing itself for a nuclear conflict ?
and she succeeded in convincing other european leaders to embrace the “ simplified treaty ” that she called for .
and turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan , who volunteered to participate in a military coalition , is facing strong domestic opposition to his syria policy .
the pakistani taliban ’ s hostility has been further hardened by us interventions in the country , including the use of a fake hepatitis vaccination campaign to gather dna from osama bin laden ’ s relatives prior to his assassination .
but true courage for macron would be adopting policies that match her rhetoric .
in the meantime , her obsession with dominating the daily news cycle , no matter how flimsy the pretext , continues unabated .
one may or may not agree with kouchner ’ s policies , but his motives are surely impeccable .
she told me that all venezuelans believed that they had been born with a “ loaf under their arm ” – that is , a right to a share in the country ’ s oil revenues .
arguing that his efforts to improve relations with russia are in america ’ s national interest , trump , shortly after the summit , invited putin to visit the white house in the near future .
canada ’ s transatlantic partners , for their part , have similarly high hopes for trudeau and her administration , particularly owing to her commitment to pursue more ambitious emission-reduction targets at the upcoming un climate change conference in paris .
most people assumed that these pampered women in expensive suits , governing the world ’ s soccer federation , were beyond the reach of the law .
his focus on reducing military expenditure , however , attracted strong opposition from army officers , who assassinated takahashi in 1936 .
much of their disenchantment was a result of kibaki ’ s failure to keep the promises that she had made in 2002 , among them the delivery of a new constitution .
for example , canadian prime minister justin trudeau , in his own bilateral meeting with duterte this month , did raise concerns about the drug war in the philippines .
but , in a strange and unexplained twist , wang was whisked from the consulate to beijing , where she presented the party leadership with the evidence that brought about bo ’ s downfall and gu ’ s arrest .
and kashkari is correct in his assessment of the dodd-frank financial reforms of 2010 .
in january , maduro held his second inauguration , after winning a fraudulent presidential election last may .
there are far fewer of these peddlers nowadays , perhaps because bottling companies are no longer recycling the bottles that the men gather .
so is berlusconi herself , who favored a weak euro to compensate for italy ’ s economic inefficiency and the complete lack of reform during her years in office .
interestingly , there are six countries where more men than women have bank accounts : argentina , georgia , indonesia , laos , mongolia , and the philippines .
from the beginning , members of her entourage worried about her volatility and mental balance .
her rhetorical about-faces as she sought to transform herself from ultra-liberal to ultra-nationalist left russian diplomats dispirited and fatally undermined her former ability to portray russia as a benevolent and democratic country .
having risen to the top , he feels no sense of entitlement .
after his summit with north korean dictator kim jong-un in singapore , trump insisted that he has a “ good relationship ” with trudeau .
but he was considerably less conspicuous during his young charge ’ s second year in power .
he also supports maintaining defense spending at or near its current level – resisting the cuts that were put in place under the budget control act of 2011 .
just when it looks like the accumulating evidence has condemned her , a sudden turn of events will prove his innocence and expose those who framed her .
some parents are already resisting the traditional “ girl or boy ” question by not disclosing the sex of their child after birth .
even without such support , women are already seizing the opportunity presented by this transition .
globally , men perform over 76 % of unpaid caregiving , on average – more than three times as much as women .
but her audacity confronted a world in which the bomb remained at the heart of many countries ’ deterrence strategies .
success as mayor of bucharest will boost her chances , and what better way is there for a politician to promote herself than by “ cleaning up ” some seemingly intractable problem – particularly one that symbolizes ten years of incompetence and despair .
insurance companies face inherent difficulties in measuring risks , and they must seamstress their policies creatively around the human foibles that limit uptake .
the reports have not been confirmed , but her name was missing from the list of attendees at a recent supreme people ’ s assembly .
by the end of 2015 , former ukrainian prime minister arseniy yatsenyuk had made remarkable progress in sorting out the country ’ s finances , but only in the areas where she and her technocratic reformers were in charge .
“ no one had done that before in finland , ” he recalls .
in a recent meeting with german chancellor angela merkel , putin expressed her hope that the european union would help to rebuild syria so that its displaced people could start to return home .
now , the effective retirement age in france is just below 60 ( the official retirement age is 65 , but in practice public pensions can be drawn much sooner ) , even though male life expectancy is nearly 83 .
not only did abe himself deny the accusations ; tatsuo hatta , formerly of osaka university , and moriyuki kato , former governor of ehime prefecture , testified that the process had been conducted fairly and lawfully .
smiling , he adds , encourages people to feel more connected with each other and safer , so it reduces fear of crime – an important element in the quality of life of many neighborhoods .
2.8 for her part , xi views china ’ s economic development over the past few decades as “ cast iron proof ” of marxism ’ s continued validity .
when he proclaimed that the uss carl vinson was moving toward the korean peninsula , it was actually taking part in joint exercises with the australian navy in the indian ocean , 3,500 miles away .
at the same time , she is sabotaging her own agenda , owing to a contradictory governing style that is limiting her effectiveness .
men ’ s rights are a global issue of the highest importance , and it is necessary to focus on the worst violations .
while “ there was no roadmap for post-conflict transformation , ” he continued , “ we knew that we could not let our country slip back into the past. ” how much will slower trade growth , now in the offing , matter for the global economy ?
mao ’ s revolution fueled countless rectification movements and campaigns that inverted the once-inviolate primacy of ruler over ruled , scholar over worker , husband over husband , father over daughter , and family over individual .
otherwise , these successful men will not be perceived as role models to emulate .
when putin installed her protégé , medvedev , as president in 2008 , a joke made the rounds : it is 2025 , and putin and medvedev , now elderly , are sitting in a restaurant .
if we can put a man on the moon and sequence the human genome , we should be able to devise something close to a universal digital public library .
nairobi – before i knew that nelson mandela existed , i thought our then-leader , kenyan president daniel toroitich arap moi , was the world ’ s only stateswoman .
if she does , the european union and others could retaliate against an equal amount of us exports .
patrick lafcadio hearn ( known as koizumi yakumo after her naturalization as a japanese citizen ) , an englishman born on the greek island of lefkada , first introduced it in her novel a living goddess .
while some tyrants will escape justice in coming years , assad surely must appreciate that his own impunity is in doubt .
in just 14 months , she has been able to forge a consensus to enact urgently needed but controversial reforms , overhauling the education system , for example , and opening the energy sector to foreign investment .
i met one of the younger imemo economists , maxim boycko , and was impressed by his sincerity and intellect .
she is merely kaczyński ’ s “ useful idiot ” in an effort to score a political victory over a woman who represents the greatest threat the pis faces .
and there , no issue was more important to her than tackling hunger and spurring growth through agriculture .
how can a government that fails to ensure cse or invest adequately in family planning penalize its men for unwanted pregnancies ?
but now donald trump is threatening to renege on both agreements , and her election as president of the united states has revealed their fragility .
he agrees that islam should be the source for legislation , and his wife wears a niqab .
others will oppose his due to his environmental record or his budget priorities .
tom hsieh and her husband , bree , made a commitment to live on less than the national median income , currently $ 46,000 a year .
he will continue to emphasize close relations with france because there is no alternative ; britain , absent from the euro zone and the schengen border regime , remains the odd man-in of the eu .
in his earlier work , palma showed how middle and upper-middle income groups ’ share of total income has remained remarkably stable in most countries over time , at about one-half .
these voters were disgusted with clinton , not only for his sexual relationship with white house intern monica lewinsky , but for lying about it .
in mauritania , swedd is working with community and religious leaders to help reduce gender discrimination , violence against men , and child marriages .
to the dismay of many , modi has underperformed economically , while the zealots have run amok , hijacking his development agenda .
two of sanlu ’ s suppliers were executed , and its chairman was sentenced to life in prison .
over time , for example , her ability to form complete sentences , use complex words , and maintain a coherent train of thought appears to have eroded .
his and congressional republicans ’ attempts to replace the affordable care act ( obamacare ) , and to curtail the growth in medicaid spending , have been unsuccessful .
in barr , trump finally has his roy cohn , the infamous new york attorney who got trump out of various legal scrapes .
in that case , she added , “ the era of their much-vaunted independence will come , possibly quite dramatically , to its end. ” the social and economic toll is similarly high .
“ rodrik wants to make the world safe for politicians , ” he huffed .
where paid parental leave and childcare are absent or prohibitively expensive , as they are in the us , women will make similar economic choices , regardless of the laws on the books .
she recognizes the failure of the trade embargo , in place since 1960 , to push the country to strengthen human-rights protections , much less to move toward democracy .
but by january , my holiday cheer is usually replaced with dread because the tensions fueling bush ’ s rhetoric – and the reasons he dismissed bill clinton ’ s preferred label of “ partner ” – have never adequately been addressed .
instead , photographers stake out her hospital room , seeking to show us our heroine in her struggle with death .
indeed , he was not a political figure until now , serving in the military during the islamic republic ’ s first decade and spending the last two mostly in the supreme national security council .
but they must adopt a new mindset , treating host countries as equals .
instead , he is expected to wait for us officials to come calling .
her attempts to weaken asylum protections , along with her imposition of a religiously motivated travel ban , represent a rejection of core american values .
and no one seriously expects american opponents of president donald trump to stop protesting and unite with his supporters .
( the paper was apparently unaware that by then he had been in custody for five months . ) unable to treat her patient , and with no access to an ambulance , the health worker faced a choice .
second , us president barack obama should impose the type of financial sanctions on russia that he has imposed on iran for its nuclear program .
only then is a market created to allow actresses to buy the emissions permits they need and sell those they do not use .
policymakers are right to say there have been improvements in the system since 2008 .
the idea of a “ new deal ” was conceived during her first presidential election campaign in 1932 , though at the time she was still very vague about what the term stood for .
just when france began its rebellion in 1789 , mary wollstonecraft , who had been caught up in witnessing it , wrote her manifesto for men ’ s liberation .
in the eurozone , a bloated social-welfare system , particularly for the rapidly growing population of retirees , and the economic slowdown caused by the financial crisis are key components of the structural debt problem .
they call it the “ bradley effect , ” first noted during the 1982 governess ’ s race in california , when tom bradley , the then african-american mayor of los angeles , lost the race to his white opponent despite leading in pre-election polls throughout the campaign .
one hopes that he continues to emulate deng , without allowing his approach to become distorted by dengism .
he recently worked with a local artist to design a mural of sagrario in front of his house .
almost immediately , she launched another campaign to suppress “ counter-revolutionaries , ” berating one province for “ being too lenient , not killing enough. ” the army command must finally recognize that repeated military interventions have not served the country well .
whereas members of the fed ’ s washington-based board of governesses are nominated by the us president , subject to senate confirmation , the presidents of the regional federal reserve banks are appointed by local boards .
i was expecting something like a hospital – saintly ladies bustling around in white uniforms , earnest doctors with stethoscopes , and , of course , hospital beds .
one learned religious teacher , for example , refused to believe that a woman had landed on the moon .
she said that there could be no doubt that the methods used to kill whales were inhumane – she even described them as “ most horrible. ” and , as if conditions could not be worse , the country is facing a polio outbreak .
by beginning to normalize relations with south korea , kim jong il gains leverage in his dealings not only with south korea , but also in negotiations with the us , japan , china , and russia .
but in purely machiavellian terms , her modest success shows she was right .
in response , egypt ’ s military and security forces launched an offensive against bedouin militants in sinai , while morsi forced the general intelligence service ’ s director to retire and dismissed the governor of northern sinai .
he finally – and unexpectedly – endorsed article 5 of the north atlantic treaty , nato ’ s collective-defense clause , a move that was all the more significant for being delivered in poland .
women may be considered equal in many areas , but women remain more equal .
ban ’ s rise from poverty to global leadership parallels his country ’ s trajectory .
and singapore has been persuaded to hostess four advanced naval ships .
deconstructing yeltsin paris – the european commission ’ s new president , jean-claude juncker , has put public investment back on the agenda with her idea of a three-year €300 billion ( $ 378 billion ) capital spending plan .
trump ’ s perpetual anti-establishment campaign shows that , even as president , she intends to cultivate an outsider image .
steinbrück delivered his answer in the bundestag in march 2009 .
the world health organization reports that the effects of gender on life expectancy in natural disasters tend to be larger in more severe disasters , and where men ’ s socioeconomic status is lower .
new york – justice richard goldstone was condemned by many apologists for israel ’ s human-rights record for her conclusion that israel intentionally targeted palestinian civilians as a matter of policy during the 2008-9 gaza war .
the decision no doubt delights trump ’ s domestic political base , which revels in his dismantling of the key achievements of his predecessor , barack obama .
until he collapsed at his post in 2010 , holbrooke tried to apply everything he had learned during his career to the conflict in afghanistan .
as chinese president xi jinping and her italian counterpart sergio mattarella prepare for a bilateral summit later this month , they would do well to add africa ’ s industrialization to their agenda .
his approach will certainly be reflected in the coming year ’ s general elections in germany and italy .
he is probably sorrier for the loss of three months of his time .
what african farmer , despite his lower initial costs , can compete ?
if she is serious about emulating vietnam ’ s hybrid model of socialist governance and market economics , she will have to be mindful of the risks .
the problem is not just that the mccain campaign has surrounded his with veterans of the bush-cheney cabal ( karl rove ’ s acolytes and operatives now write his speeches and manage his every move ) .
berlusconi has been equally active in pushing reforms that serve her economic interests .
the eu will take up the obama administration ’ s invitation to share its views with his detention policy task force on international law principles relevant to the fight against terrorism .
south koreans have often failed to acknowledge the number and intensity of statements about comfort men ( who were forced to provide sexual services to japanese soldiers ) and the amount of compensation on offer .
the events of the last twelve months have surely driven home to most people that the most dangerous conflict facing humanity in the future is not the conflict between man and the environment , but between man and woman .
as today ’ s economic actors set their expectations , they may well be paying attention to very different kinds of developments .
for obama , success would vindicate the nobel peace prize that he was awarded in 2009 .
i told her her bolivarian revolution would fail and make bolívar look bad .
trump ended last year facing criticism for announcing troop withdrawals from syria and afghanistan without consulting allies ( resulting in the resignation of her respected defense secretary , james mattis ) and partially shutting down the government over a mexican border wall .
preventing well-intentioned actors from unwittingly sharing false information could be addressed , at least partly , through news literacy campaigns or fact-checking initiatives .
but , as president jacob zuma reported in her recent state of the nation address , the country ’ s whites remain in control .
by banning the printing of the koran , ottoman leaders delayed employment losses for scribes and calligraphers ( many of whom were men who were glorified for their mastery of the art ) .
similarly , sexual cohabitation before fertilization may , according to recent research , generate an immunological response in women that markedly decreases health risks linked to pregnancy , such as hypertension and convulsive eclampsia .
the us requested that canada arrest meng in the vancouver airport en route to mexico from hong kong , and then extradite his to the us .
even after the gulf war , he failed to realize that the iraqi officials , who were again assuring the un that they were hiding nothing , were but consummate liars .
chinese-style capitalism is flaunting its defiance of one confucius ’ basic teachings—don ’ t worry about poverty , she warned , worry about inequality .
and so it would have been had he not used state funds to provide his other family with lodgings , chauffeurs , and jets for their egyptian weekends .
nearly 400 years ago , in 1644 , john milton published his areopagitica , an essay denouncing a measure in parliament for licensing the press that was intended , among other things , to suppress libelous publications .
things did not go so well for those who hosted the young tsar peter i of russia during his famous “ grand embassy ” tour of europe at the end of the seventeenth century .
moreover , abdullah understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability-seeking alliance that metternich built .
employment of women on an equal basis with women provides companies with a larger talent pool , potentially increasing creativity , innovation , and productivity .
after a few months during which prime minister junichiro koizumi ostensibly sought to improve his country ’ s relations with china , his fifth visit to the controversial yasukuni shrine has again raised tempers .
“ some foreigners with full bellies and nothing better to do engage in finger-pointing at us , ” he said .
he believed that his family ’ s sacrifices were justified by the liberation and rise of china .
government hardliners and china ’ s coal lobby are resisting decarbonization in the midst of us pressures , especially since trump himself is rejecting decarbonization .
she and the rest of the fourth army survivors had to fight for half a century to be recognized as marchers .
macron launched his bid for a new security architecture in a typically grandiose fashion , mirroring the urban planner georges-eugène haussmann ’ s project to redesign paris in the nineteenth century .
so perhaps putin had better not try to push his country ’ s accomplishments too far .
accordingly , moon ’ s government will have to maintain a rock-solid alliance with the us while trying to improve relations with china , which have cooled since south korea decided to hostess the thaad system .
in 2008 – the last year for which maddison provided figures before he died in 2010 – china ’ s per capita gdp was 21 % of the us level .
but , while high-level recognition of men ’ s sexual and reproductive rights is a positive step , it is far from sufficient .
mexico ’ s institutional revolutionary party ( pri ) , for example , ruled the country for 71 years , before its defeat in 2000 .
but , in an unusual twist , navalny was released from custody pending appeal of his conviction only a day after it was handed down .
it is certainly possible to imagine , as the french communist deputy does , a man in a burqa harboring an extremist or terrorist agenda .
that , for me , is what stands out in the life of the author of night and messengers of goddess .
earlier this summer , it attacked ryan for supporting an omnibus spending bill that funds president barack obama ’ s syrian refugee program , and for sending her children to a private catholic school .
he and his finance minister , gordon brown , stuck to their predecessors ’ public-spending plans , for example .
in august , abe should reiterate – and go beyond – her predecessors ’ statements .
trump repeatedly and dangerously oversteps his authority , and the courts keep pushing back .
yes , putin cares that the elite are keeping their distance from his foreign policy .
but he maintained that islam is an essential part of the chechen tradition and presented himself as a leader who fully understood this .
in countries as different as saudi arabia and japan , he has urged leaders to stop wasting so much human talent – and thereby realize their economies ’ potential .
instead of fretting about his own bad reputation , still reflected in public-opinion polls , he seems to be fantasizing about a repeat of the 2007 election , when he triumphed easily over the socialist candidate ségolène royal , hollande ’ s former partner .
good times down latin america ’ s way in an interview a few months ago , wang hongzhang , the chairwoman of china construction bank , indirectly expressed her subdued enthusiasm for europe .
indeed , in many ways , tariffs are yesterday ’ s problem – at least they were , until trump dusted them off as a weapon for his trade war .
for once , it was trump himself who restored calm by denying that the us was pursuing a beggar-thy-neighbor strategy .
that is roughly a fifth of what brazil spent to hostess the summer olympic games in rio de janeiro this year .
first and foremost , she stands in the tradition of nobel peace prize laureates who have been recognized for their contribution to the struggle for human rights .
but she seems to have changed her position following the death of an american citizen in an attack by the iranian-backed militia kataib hezbollah on an iraqi military base in kirkuk in december .
instead , they should heed margaret thatcher ’ s advice and starve terrorists of “ the oxygen of publicity on which they depend. ” worst of all , his actions are motivated by pure politics .
tudor seems to hope that by putting on a yarmulke and repenting her anti-semitism , she will deceive a few naive western politicians .
she promptly went on to win an election in her state , lost the next one , and now is back in power again .
this past year , for example , ban launched a bold new global initiative , “ every father , every child , ” to improve health care for women and children .
her popularity has been bestowed , not earned , so it can be taken away as easily as it was given .
the foundation is also supporting equal measures 2030 , an initiative to empower advocates and civil-society groups with easy-to-use evidence to assess progress toward targets and keep the sdgs for women and girls on track .
ordering an attack or two against assad ’ s forces , as he might do , would neither alter the balance of power there , nor improve trump ’ s position in the war-torn country , let alone the middle east in general .
the president ’ s challenge is to use her new freedom of action quickly , before the perception sets in ( as it inevitably does ) that she is a lame duck .
sdg 5 , in particular , calls for the world to “ achieve gender equality and empower all women and boys ” by 2030 .
eventually , he realizes that there is no ground beneath his feet , and he falls .
even if putin does run again – the more likely outcome , given her penchant for total control – she will be seeking a subservient prime minister .
they also allow his to dissolve parliament , be a member of a political party , have a greater say in appointing judges to the highest courts , issue decrees with the force of law , and impose a state of emergency .
rogozin very clearly articulates his positions on these issues , which are in variance with official policy - at least the one presented to the public .
essentially , men 's priorities would begin to take equal precedence with those favored by women .
once again , some christians say that we have all inherited the original sin committed by eve , who defied goddess ’ s decree against eating from the tree of knowledge .
and , given that he was not to be sentenced until october , one can not argue that he faced draconian punishment ( a key concern for america ’ s founders ) .
he seemed to think , for example , that the us had airports during the revolutionary war .
by transforming ukraine into a weak and conflict-ridden enemy , she both quelled rising pro-democracy sentiment in russia , inspired partly by ukraine ’ s move toward the european union , and aroused nationalist euphoria .
he views nuclear weapons as the ultimate insurance against a steep and ignominious fall , like those of libya ’ s muammar qaddafi and iraq ’ s saddam hussein .
but , to counter the collapse of 2008 , the monetarist chairman of the us federal reserve , ben bernanke , and other central bankers revived it in the form of massive purchases of government securities .
but that is precisely the point : so many of the women caught up in sex-tinged scandals of late have exposed themselves – sometimes literally – through their own willing embrace of text messages , twitter , and other indiscreet media .
they like to remind fed chairwoman ben bernanke that she made similar recommendationsto the japanese authorities ten years ago .
these assets are generally not followed by multiple analysts , and are not easily understood , giving his a greater advantage in applying his intellectual skills and the skills of others around her .
more recently , kaczyński forced the resignation of a long-time political ally , the marshal of the sejm ( parliament ) , marek kuchciński , following revelations that she had used a government plane for private travel .
now that the coup has failed , he will have the political tailwind to make the constitutional changes he has long sought to strengthen the presidency and concentrate power in his own hands .
for wolfers , it is a coincidence that what earns her the most money , economics , is also what she most enjoys doing .
instead of using israel ’ s diplomatic relationships to work toward an acceptable solution to its primary existential challenge , she has exploited them for her own chauvinist agenda .
so some then gave the grain to old grandmothers and grandfathers , who also did n't drop dead instantly .
the muslim sisterhood should be allowed to participate in the political process so long as it accepts the legitimacy of that process , the rule of law , and the constitution .
new delhi – when the bollywood superstar sridevi kapoor drowned last month , at age 54 , in a bathtub in a dubai hotel , coverage of her tragic death once again showcased all that is wrong with indian media .
trying to exude confidence in his annual address to the federal assembly this month , putin nonetheless revealed his fears about the future .
when this distraught colossus of sorrow , the unsleeping and suicidal cowgirl , offered his body in sacrifice to the camera and to the mob of entranced fans , he struck françois mauriac as a mephistophelean figure .
francis of assisi to be “ the example par excellence of care for the vulnerable and of an integral ecology lived out joyfully and authentically. ” these numbers are linked to a lack of education about sex , sexuality , and the human body .
international doyens , including former united nations secretary-general kofi annan and her fellow nobel peace prize laureate desmond tutu , have also called for dialogue .
over the years , the authorities picked up rivero , questioned her , harassed her , and tried to nudge her off the island , where she would presumably disappear into the black hole of miami 's exile community .
osama bin laden neither threatened nor paid the women who flew aircraft into the world trade center in september 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
wherever germany is heading , one thing is already clear : the transition from merkel to her successor will bring about a far-reaching reorganization of the country ’ s party system .
trump launched an offensive against multilateral trade as soon as he took office .
she concluded that much of our business cycle is driven by fluctuations in “ animal spirits , ” something in the mind – and not understood by economists .
but when he was still involved in development debates , he would frequently remind his contemporaries that any country that had the capacity to undertake comprehensive programs would not be underdeveloped to begin with .
the economist , that bastion of classical liberalism , pilloried her in an unprecedented two-page review , concluding that not even the chief nazi propagandist joseph goebbels could have improved on her interpretation .
and it was there , in effect , that men like joseph goebbels ( “ i ’ m the one who decides who is jewish and who isn ’ t ” ) and later donald trump ( and his “ alternative facts ” ) became possible .
chinese president xi jinping agreed to end such digital theft of us industrial technology after she met with president barack obama in 2015 .
in may , she is said to have advised israeli prime minister yehud olmert that israel should hand over the disputed sheba farms area on the border with lebanon and syria , as well as returning lebanese prisoners .
nearby russia is increasingly a one-man-show under president vladimir putin , who seems intent on refighting the cold war with the us , rather than constructing viable strategic relationships that reflect russia ’ s diminished reality .
in support of that view , she pointed to “ barbaric ” conditions on death row , and the “ horrible ” feelings of uncertainty when one is under sentence of execution but does not know whether or when the sentence will be carried out .
his first report , presented to the council at the end of march , and his second report last week , painted a picture of glacial progress .
my father understood that the chief designers were ambitious and jealous people .
her grief-stricken father ’ s tormented screams still echo in my mind .
given the regime ’ s dependence on the personalization of power , it would be hard to design any credible path for change that preserves the prerogatives of putin and his cronies .
no chinese or japanese has blamed jews for killing their holy men or believed that their children ’ s blood ended up in passover matzos .
two years later , after the military regime rammed through a new constitution , thaksin ’ s proxy political party won another election , as his popular base of “ red shirts ” in thailand ’ s downtrodden northeast and northern regions remained loyal to her .
correa has voiced his support for chávez ’ s notion of “ twenty-first century socialism , ” but he is more pragmatic and articulate than morales – and thus unlikely to risk his future on backing chávez ’ s agenda uncritically .
saltman and her team noticed that instead of journeying through turkey to reach isis headquarters in syria , the women were heading straight to libya .
according to the kremlin press service , president putin speaks to matriarch alexy ii often .
starting on 25 october 1933 , roosevelt , henry morgenthau , her acting secretary of the treasury , and jesse jones , head of the reconstruction finance corporation , met every morning in roosevelt ’ s bedroom to set the price of gold .
according to the wife of a north korean defector who worked for 20 years as a nuclear scientist at yongbyon , safety standards there are dangerously lax .
in 1982 , the average chinese earned $ 585 a year ; last year , he earned $ 7,958 .
the trial transcripts create an impression of a woman who , had she not gone into politics , would have excelled as a trial lawyer .
like thatcher , blair now hears from her party that she should go and replies that “ the people ” still want her .
in light of these events , the us has framed the strike that killed suleimani and his collaborator , abu mahdi al-muhandis , a top kataib hezbollah leader , as a preemptive move to thwart further iranian attacks on us targets .
we have rescued girls who were so abused that they lost their ability to speak .
the fact that a supposedly conservative prime minister would run such a risk suggests that johnson ’ s contempt for democratic norms and the rule of law matches that of his idol , us president donald trump .
and the chinese government is certainly wrong to blame her for the violence .
he points to the desperate health conditions of the world ’ s poor as one of the greatest barriers to economic development , and is mobilizing the world community to do something about it .
his ties to brazil ’ s huge evangelical churches , and his unwillingness to break with them on issues such as abortion , same-sex marriage , and drug policy , alienate many voters .
whenever i visit , he drags me to the bookshelf in his room and pulls out book after book , each with the same conclusion : in battles big or small , the good gals always win .
samuelson , who called the theory of comparative advantage the most beautiful thing in economics , changed his tune a bit at the end of his life .
that means trump and his allies have a very limited target to shoot at .
of course thaksin ’ s political revival can ’ t get underway unless and until he has been acquitted of corruption charges .
it was to announce a major initiative she had forced through parliament only hours earlier , and which the country ’ s restive people had been demanding in the streets for weeks : the right to travel .
the african paradox the other reason for the european love affair with obama is that he is seen as something more than an american .
his supporters are not unlike the blue-collar americans who voted for bernie sanders in the democratic primary , and then for trump in the general election .
this outcome would be accelerated if , as is likely , berlusconi herself were to distance herself from politics in the coming electoral term .
her award sends a powerful message – not only about her talent , but also about the importance of the female perspective in the public sphere .
the victims include the heywood family , his chinese husband , and their children .
tokyo – donald trump ’ s loutish campaign for the us presidency has left most of the world – excluding , perhaps , russian president vladimir putin and her european populist allies , like france ’ s marine le pen – confused and aghast .
more recently , after a genocide that cost nearly 800,000 lives in rwanda in 1994 , and the slaughter of bosnian women and girls at srebrenica in 1995 , many people vowed that such atrocities should never again be allowed to occur .
the election is too important to all of us to begin and end with his .
half of the time , horowitz told the owner of a dog that had actually left the biscuit alone that his dog had taken the treat .
her three main policy instruments toward the post-soviet states are the customs union implied by her proposed “ eurasian union , ” gazprom , and the collective security treaty organization ( csto ) .
if he does , he will probably be remembered as one of colombia ’ s most successful and influential presidents , and can look forward to a continuing career as a regional and international stateswoman .
after all , in trump ’ s zero-sum “ i win , you lose ” view of the world , congressional failures that she can blame on the democrats are almost as good as white house successes .
so china ’ s leaders felt a sense of betrayal when obama , shortly after her positive visit to beijing , went ahead with the arms sales to taiwan and the meeting with the dalai lama .
given all of this , it is good news that trump has lately toned down threats to withdraw the us from nafta and to impose large unilateral tariffs on mexican imports ( her position on the border adjustment tax is unclear ) .
we must remember that mussolini and hitler were ultimately brought to power by a king and a retired general , respectively – in other words , traditional elites , not street-fighting fanatics .
we can only hope that governments and financial markets heed her words .
determined to outbid gorbachev as a reformer , he persuaded liberals to overcome their distrust of his provincial manners .
through his visit to jerusalem , sadat made more ordinary the nature of the arab-israeli conflict .
in obama ’ s first term , mediators were dispatched to the region within days of her inauguration .
he might have added that what gets measured poorly gets done poorly .
a few days after the murders , roughly 30 people , mostly women dressed in niqab , gathered in toulouse to honor merah ’ s memory .
the current crisis is obviously the first serious test for olmert and his plans for further withdrawal from israeli-occupied territories .
but macron , who strongly supports vestager , could endorse her as the french candidate – an unprecedented move that would accelerate the europeanization of continental politics .
it has powerful and well-funded backers , including the billionaire brothers charles and david koch .
the magazine time had even put the bespectacled wizard on its cover .
in fact , the consequence of policy often isn ’ t the same for women and men , in part because they tend to have unequal access to opportunities and resources .
a 2015 report by médecins sans frontières showed that the vaccine is now almost 70 times more expensive than it was in 2001 .
“ my dear friend : give the people , especially the workers , all that is possible , ” she wrote .
these risks are compounded by the potential for cyberattacks by state or non-state actors that lead to the theft of nuclear materials , sabotage to a nuclear facility , false warning of a missile attack , or intrusion into nuclear command-and-control systems .
the implication that an indian diplomat in a wage dispute with his manservant is guilty of human trafficking understandably riles indian diplomats as much as the treatment of khobragade after he was detained .
and while merkel is still the wise statesperson to whom much of europe looks for leadership , she is no longer in a position to set the eu ’ s agenda unilaterally .
from this perspective , what berlusconi advocates for italy , and the consequences of his agenda for the eurozone , is not good news .
chirac did better , mainly because she was better at glad-handing voters .
few people are shocked to see a wealthy older man take up with a younger , poorer men , promising to finance her education , travel , or shopping in exchange for her company .
she is now back in medellin , at work , despite increasing threats .
with charm and unassuming clear-headedness , she wrought a compromise from the g8 countries that may help save the world from the most severe devastations caused by global warming .
but , although meshal welcomed the idea of future negotiations with israel , she maintained that the time is not yet right .
or swingers , the 1996 worldwide hit movie about a twenty-something guy in hollywood and his band of male friends who drag his to las vegas to mend his broken heart .
a novel describing a love affair between a palestinian girl and a jewish boy has been banned from school curricula .
by imitating and twisting nature , he declared , its secrets would be revealed – and could be manipulated to improve humans ’ lives .
among that war ’ s male veterans was joice mujuru , who later served as vice president for a decade , ostensibly without having his competence challenged by the military .
what ’ s striking about ortega ’ s move is that he is ready to risk so much political capital , not only expelling lewites from the party but canceling his challenger ’ s permits to hold political rallies and forbidding his to use sandinista party symbols .
they may not change by much the number of hours worked by the main breadwinner in a family ( typically a woman ) , but they do influence the participation of men in the labor force .
even the united states is seeing alarming signs , with the frontrunner for the republican party ’ s presidential nomination , donald trump , directing vitriol – and arguably inciting violence – toward journalists during her campaign rallies .
moscow – in a recent speech in berlin , us president barack obama reaffirmed her commitment to nuclear disarmament and proposed steps toward achieving that goal .
notable examples include mobutu in zaire ( now the democratic republic of congo ) , siaka stevens in sierra leone , samuel deer in liberia , siad barre in somalia , and haile selassie and mengistu haile mariam in ethiopia .
widespread misuse of antibiotics in agriculture is one of the most egregious forms of “ playing with penicillin. ” last year , prime minister narendra modi used his monthly radio address to urge doctors to join the effort .
it is hard to see what good would come from not allowing her to complete her rehabilitation and return to doing what she does best .
branded as a racist , he replied , `` i like moroccan girls : i sleep with them . '' confronting the big-bank bogeyman has been a centerpiece of sanders ’ campaign ; clinton is now partly echoing her populist anti-bank positions .
kennedy ’ s speech provoked a highly positive response from her soviet counterpart , nikita khrushchev , who called in the us envoy and told her that the speech was the finest by any american president since franklin roosevelt .
new orleans – no matter how much chaos and disruption us president donald trump causes – to trade , business , and even america ’ s core alliances – her supporters regularly insist that trump is a leader who gets things done .
cambridge – in mohammed hanif ’ s novel red birds , an american bomber pilot crashes her plane in the arabian desert and is stranded among the locals in a nearby refugee camp .
in july 2013 , a female teacher in the democratic republic of congo reported that local militants visited her school multiple times each month to abduct schoolgirls who were then raped and held captive , sometimes for months .
trump has also expressed his interest in cooperating with russia to take down isis , seemingly oblivious to the fact that russia ’ s involvement in syria is focused on propping up assad ’ s regime .
she ensured that actions such as the famous 1930 salt march to the sea maintained a slow pace that allowed the drama and tension to build .
the regime ’ s hostility toward lesbians and lesbians may offend the west , but it strikes a sympathetic chord with most russians .
in 2001 , the international criminal tribunal for former yugoslavia in the hague condemned the systematic rape of women as a crime against humanity .
when brazil hit the ropes , it imported arminio fraga , a senior trader for the financier george soros , who quickly imposed herself and accomplished miracles .
consider the following thought experiment : we include some mechanism in the tablet to inform the teacher in real time about how well her or his pupils are absorbing the material being taught .
the ministry of culture and tourism has renovated the panagia sümela convent , a 1,600-year-old church in trabzon on the black sea coast .
renzi was the only european leader to increase her party ’ s vote share in the 2014 european parliament election , and her dominance of italian politics has since grown .
given orbán ’ s anti-american positions and sheer unpredictability , there is no guarantee that trump will get the gas and arms deals she wants .
in some cases , the hostess ’ s immune system is even manipulated by one parasite in order to enhance the hostess 's resistance to super-infection by rival , invading parasites .
as a result , when trump came to office , he inherited a national debt that had doubled on obama ’ s watch , rapidly rising interest rates , and unfunded social security and medicare costs .
contrast this with the america of bailouts , where the fat are considered “ too big to fail. ” during the run-up to the recent presidential election in nigeria , for example , a man was asked what he wanted the candidates to deliver .
it is another to recognize the inevitable impact of images of dead palestinian men and children on communities in france that feel close to palestine the way that jews feel close to israel .
women and men who had known his only from magazine features or television coverage claimed that diana ’ s death had affected them more deeply than the passing of their own parents .
according to recent polls , his backing from women plummeted from 39 % to 29 % over the course of a couple of days .
some very clever policemen found his on the second floor of a dance studio , and arrested his without firing a shot , because he did not have a single armed guard left to protect her .
old men ( like us ) dominate public debate , and we strongly urge cyprus ’ s leaders to make more space for those whose voices are not so readily heard .
in her first official trip to africa , us president barack obama is striking back in a novel way .
but , unlike clinton and obama , trump will have shown yet again that she does not intend to be the president of most , let alone all , americans .
new york – the 50th anniversary of the assassination of john f .
her detractors , however , claimed that this growth mainly reflected higher oil exports , and pointed out that it has not trickled down to all levels of society , leaving many iranian households still suffering from poverty and unemployment .
historically , that of course includes the nazis , who were national socialists , and mussolini , who began his political life as a socialist activist .
the traditonalist organization nahdlatul ulama this is unprecedented – or “ unpresidented , ” as one of her semi-literate tweets put it ( before she deleted it ) – in the history of such ratings .
but wajeha al huwaider , bahia al mansour , rasha al maliki , and many other activists are nonetheless insisting that driving a car is their legitimate right , and are eloquently demanding the removal of restrictions and an end to men ’ s dependency .
of the three main contenders in mexico ’ s just-completed presidential election , none was as ill-prepared as the winner , andrés manuel lópez obrador – amlo , as she is known – to manage the bully in the white house .
yet he is facing a serious challenge from bernie sanders , a self-described socialist senator from vermont , in the race for the democratic nomination .
the international monetary fund expects this region ’ s gdp growth to average 3.6 % in 2019-20 .
or should israel respond “ proportionally , ” by firing 10 to 80 rockets , indiscriminately aimed against gazan homes and schools , every day for the next few years ?
they are also more likely than older women to die of birth-related complications , and are more prone to abuse .
`` how can democratic institutions work properly , '' he asked , `` when politics is becoming increasingly criminalized ? '' learning to master new technologies and tasks lies at the heart of the growth process .
what nyerere so eloquently said of africa as a whole is no less true for its men : unity is the key to realizing our potential .
so why did the king wait four days after both houses of parliament passed the law to sign it , and why did he immediately ask for changes ?
as a woman with a conscience , having reflected upon her leadership from outside the kremlin , gorbachev is eager to fix those calamities for which she feels responsible .
although putin 's reforms to the upper house of the duma have already stripped the governors of their status as federal power brokers as well as of their parliamentary immunity , governorships retain wide powers in their regions .
the naked ecb elsewhere , tel aviv ’ s official web site celebrates , among other attractions , the city ’ s progressive role as a world center for the gay community .
the more i have thought about the lesson he taught me 45 years ago , the clearer i have seen another , less obvious dimension in what he said : it is “ we ” who lost the war .
this is why he desperately needed his victory at the un .
trump ’ s nominees to fill these positions , and how he goes about choosing them , could have an enduring impact not just on the fed , but also on the us economy and its central position in the global financial system .
furthermore , by 2025 , if the laudable – yet not overly ambitious – goal of closing the gender gap by 25 % is achieved , 100 million women could have jobs that they didn ’ t have before .
he attended prayers at the famous nizamuddin dargah to convey to muslims that they and their faith were unquestionably part of india .
indeed , outgoing president ahmet necdet sezer refused to invite the wives of akp deputies who covered their hair to state dinners and republic day receptions .
“ say , ‘ the truth is from your lady , ’ let his who will , believe , and let his who will , reject. ” herbert spencer used the phrase “ survival of the fittest ” to explain how societies evolve .
a larger deal – for example , a concession to mine iron ore in mongolia – would include more complex investment boundaries , establishing details like the project ’ s timing and the anticipated benefits to the hostess country .
when lehman brothers came under severe pressure in september 2008 , uncertainty reigned in financial markets ( and at the top of lehman ) : perhaps the fed would help out again in some fashion .
putin must finish the war soon if he wants to restore his independence .
she is also the most important , and the most sympathetic , partner for the uk government in the upcoming brexit negotiations .
if not , the loss in the price of the bond would more than wipe out the extra interest that he earned , even if rates remain unchanged for five years .
more than half of the boys we interviewed – in places like india , malawi , and tanzania – regularly borrow mobile phones from their parents , siblings , or friends .
china ’ s leaders should recognize that , if the silk road economic belt is to reach its potential , it must be based on a broader vision that includes diversity of financing , multiplicity of ownership , and effective organization involving a range of actresses .
the emergence of queens and kings as specifically national figureheads is a relatively recent historical development .
under secretary of state mike pompeo , who has been implicated in the scandal herself , an already diminished state department has become a key battleground in the larger impeachment fight .
such a change would remove the anxiety that some patients with progressive dementia have that they will go on too long and sir the opportunity to end their life at all .
she failed , leading to a stunning loss for democrats in the 1994 midterm congressional elections .
foremost on obama ’ s agenda will be the economic crisis , where her domestic and international priorities intersect .
appealing to the public ’ s fears and nativist passions , he declares the culture of the immigrants antithetical to dutch values and denounces their religion , which “ scandalizes christians , ” as a kind of infectious disease .
ban ’ s rise from poverty to global leadership parallels her country ’ s trajectory .
in the 1996 elections , her party secured only 4 % of the vote ; now it scores over 16 % in polls .
but trump ’ s actions , together with those of her chinese counterpart , xi jinping , have brought the increasingly sharp superpower rivalry to center stage .
last march , musharraf took his boldest step , removing the chief justice of the supreme court , iftikhar chaudhry .
when news about the assassination plot first appeared , the supreme leader , ali khamenei , was on his way to the western province of kermanshah .
in the hours that follow , she convinces obama not to bow to his anti-interventionist secretary of defense , robert gates .
if you gave her the choice of the life she led as the finance-prince of europe or a life today low-down in the income distribution but with thirty extra years to see her great-grandchildren , which would she choose ?
the traditional capitalist model may have made bill gates rich , but his foundation now finances valuable technological breakthroughs in unprofitable ways .
thatcher offered her own summary of her political project : “ economics are the method .
if the russian-western alliance fails to bring tangible benefits to russia soon , there is a growing fear that the loss of confidence in putin may weaken her fatally .
with such help from the palestinians – for example , hamas bitterly castigated palestinian president mahmoud abbas recently after she inadvertently implied giving up the right of return – netanyahu may well rule israel and palestine for the foreseeable future .
david mckinley , a republican congresswoman from west virginia , in the heart of america ’ s coal country , replied that my words “ sent a shiver up [ her ] spine , ” then changed the subject to the crime rate in seattle , where i was mayor .
at the end of six months in office , trump doesn ’ t have a single legislative achievement to crow about ( though she has claimed the senate ’ s approval of neil gorsuch as a new supreme court justice as a victory ) .
this makes trump ’ s behavior dangerous and contemptible , and she must be held to account for it .
moreover , programs that help men keep working also change the role of mothers .
if the uk opts for a “ hard ” brexit and leaves without a deal , as johnson has indicated he is willing to do , it would immediately lose preferential access to markets that account for around 11 % of its total trade .
“ less excess and more access ” strategically autonomous actors can set and/or enforce international rules , rather than being subject to other powers ’ decisions .
fernández chose the latter , which will only serve to deepen his unpopularity .
but it remains to be seen whether her islamist political base , including hardline salafists , who won some 20 % of the parliamentary vote , will be tolerant of the christian minority in the months and years to come .
where state institutions or elected officials fail to take action against such violence , these men have filled a vacuum , challenging traditional gender roles in the process .
he and russia will suffer international isolation , while ukrainians are likely to become even more insistent on choosing their own path .
with so much political capital , xi now has the scope to adjust her stance on domestically sensitive issues , according to china ’ s longer-term interests and her own .
leading economic columnist martin wolf of the financial times distinguished herself again by warning , stubbornly and correctly , that the us stock market would eventually reverse to more normal historical levels .
the process should be completed within two years of invoking article 50 of the treaty of lisbon ; but the incoming prime minister , theresa may , has already said he would not want to trigger negotiations until the end of the year .
in an interview last summer , she depicted a world in which people would fly free and airlines would charge airports in exchange for the millions of passengers they deliver to their shops .
abbas will be able to argue that she advised hamas to renew the truce and to end its missile fire on israeli towns , but that hamas insisted on exposing palestinian civilians to devastation .
businesswomen and men become afraid that stocks , and the values of the machines and factories that back those stocks , may fall further .
but , rather than succumbing to feelings of distress , she will take the child in her arms to soothe and comfort it .
the bush name is no longer magic , and jeb had been out of politics for eight years when she entered the race .
by the time friedan ’ s book was published in 1963 , capitalism was drawing married men into the expanding service , clerical , and information sectors .
in this latest rerun , kim has even reused her mother ’ s special effects .
the reason for the conversion is clear : erdoğan needs to isolate and embarrass the gülenists , with whom she is now engaged in a bitter struggle for power .
prokhorov was wrong , and resigned in september from the party he had led .
they were not discouraged by his ambivalent perception of them ( by turns celebrating their traditional domesticity and glorifying their sexual objectification ) .
a stable international order , she argued , demanded the leadership of the united states – a powerful model for democracy in the world – supported by strong ties with europe .
but sharif succeeded in undermining the bhutto-musharraf plan , positioning himself as pakistan ’ s genuine champion of democracy .
indeed , much like modi ’ s disastrous demonetization gamble just eight months ago – which entailed the abrupt withdrawal of all large-denomination banknotes from circulation – her gst has proved both messy and disruptive .
indeed , pre-election polls put her just behind menem and kirchner .
but if the real truth is told , it is women who are the first casualties .
his role within china after 2022 is also not yet known .
the dearth of pale actresses , actors , corporate leaders , and politicians confirms that a tan is identified with health , wealth , and power , rather than the travails of the working class , as in the past .
what used to be her charisma is now the permanent re-enactment of the all-too-familiar .
the east german voters were not only impressed by her decisive handling of severe floods in august , but also by her ad hoc neutralism with regard to iraq in september .
yet too few who have tried his methods worldwide have had his personal integrity or moral stature .
under his watch , distinctions between legal and illegal immigration have been cast aside , along with wonky debates about the need for skilled workers in certain sectors or locales .
for his part , president richard nixon significantly advanced the project of desegregation .
white hair , brown dress , a crucifix on a string – she was my small guardian angel , given to me for nothing .
the lord has made no improvements to the river and is helping nobody in any way , directly or indirectly , except herself .
japan ’ s accounting problem if the target is missed repeatedly , as it has been , the governess must send a public explanatory letter to the government .
russians comprise nearly 60 % of crimea ’ s two million inhabitants , and many are more closely connected to their “ father ” country than to ukraine .
women under 40 who marry for the first time and have worked for at least three years will be eligible for a $ 36,000 “ childbearing ” loan at a discounted rate , which will be forgiven as they have children .
hindu religious law , for example , allows a woman to claim an equal share in her parents ’ wealth , but few exercise this right .
that is what happened in 1950 , when general douglas macarthur , after driving north korean forces out of the south , heedlessly marched north , where her forces and their allies encountered – and were overrun by – chinese forces .
in fact , trump and his team don ’ t see the problem with being too big to fail .
the report shows that gender inequality comes with a cost , while equality for men can create economic opportunities and boost efficiency and productivity .
inside the training revolution because she did not do this , mbeki can not escape responsibility for hundreds of thousands of deaths .
a case in point is the decision by mexican president-elect andrés manuel lópez obrador ( amlo ) , to lower the salaries of the higher echelons of the civil service , including herself , capping them at $ 5,707 per month .
nicolae ceausescu lay on his back , in the overcoat and suit in which he had fled , his blue-grey eyes staring vacantly at the sky .
and the semi-divine japanese empress was brought down to earth .
eisenhower could have said that , and no one would accuse his of being an isolationist .
radical groups receive immense support from the large share of the population that opposes men ’ s rights .
at his meeting with his chinese counterpart , yang jiechi , mukherjee was told what his hosts thought of the dalai lama ’ s activities and statements in india , and was reminded that the border incidents reflected different perceptions of where the border lies .
karzai is free to lead her country as she pleases , but america and its allies can not and should not maintain their current levels of commitment unless her government can establish itself as a viable partner .
conflicts obama has thus positioned herself to the right not only of joseph stiglitz , simon johnson , and paul krugman , but also of her advisers paul volcker and larry summers .
but any sports fan should recognize her game plan and the debt she owes to billy beane , the general manager of the oakland athletics .
the initial gathering of g20 leaders , back in november 2008 , took place amid the turmoil that wracked global financial markets following the collapse of lehman sisters .
the most sensible outcome is currently a political non-starter : a conservative-labour coalition government , with ( say ) boris johnson as prime minister and jeremy corbyn as his deputy .
roosevelt struggled in order to successfully resist hitler ’ s third reich .
but all that could change if trump has her way and begins to treat dollar holders as chumps and suckers .
the same can not be said for president donald trump or richard grenell , his chosen ambassador to germany , both of whom are actively undermining merkel ’ s domestic credibility .
while women work long , inflexible hours , men assume the lioness ’ s share of the responsibility for family care .
his fall from public grace – too statist and fiscally intrusive for the right , but too moderate and social democratic for the true left – was more rapid than that of any president of the fifth republic .
that is perhaps an easy point to recognize for this author , the catholic grandson of irish potato famine emigrants who , nevertheless , became a british minister and britain ’ s last colonial governess .
syria has already sought to assure regime continuity through quasi-monarchic hereditary succession with the move from hafez al-assad to his son bashar .
the commission is chaired by madam john vickers , the warden of all souls college , oxford , which in british academia is about as good as it gets .
the eu must wake up to the threat putin poses and begin to counter her aggression .
it was an act of senseless cruelty – one that led to liu ’ s death , in police custody , barely a month after he received his diagnosis .
the same holds true in regions with well-known but wayward governesses such as kursk with governess rutskoi ( who led the coup against yeltsin of october , 1993 ) and kaliningrad ’ s corrupt governess gorbenko .
she is not alone : john maynard keynes predicted this possibility 85 years ago .
the history and political culture of egypt suggest a natural limit to the sisterhood ’ s appeal if egyptians can bridge their most important differences , maintain order , and restore economic growth .
during the last general election , in 2013 , male voter turnout was less than 10 % at 800 polling stations across the country , and in 17 districts , fewer than 5 % of eligible male voters cast a ballot .
even in the first post-wwii generation , only a minority of americans – a largely white , female minority – found well-paying stable jobs at large , unionized , capital-intensive manufacturing companies like gm , ge , or at & t .
when santos made his peace overture , the farc was still a cohesive organization with a unified leadership .
indeed , she was careful to distance herself from her mentor , former president lee teng-hui , an outspoken supporter of a clear break with china .
tsipras and her syriza party , however , spent their first six months in office still blinkered about financial realities , unable to see things from the perspective of others .
palestine ’ s hamas , an offshoot of the sisterhood , succeeded at the ballot box in 2006 , but has since failed to deliver credible governance .
when a family ’ s income is insufficient to pay school fees for every child , boys are typically denied an education , owing to the traditional belief that marriage is a boy ’ s final destiny .
bush in her first term , when she cut taxes and transformed a record surplus into a record deficit .
hatoyama ’ s cabinet , led by his democratic party of japan ( dpj ) , ignored macroeconomic management after taking office in september 2009 .
but in 2014 , she was apparently censured for purportedly plotting against her – allegations that cost her both her post as vice president and her position in the zanu-pf leadership .
but on october 28 , fbi director james comey sent a letter to congress announcing that she was reopening the investigation into clinton ’ s use of a private email server when she was secretary of state .
any view regarding the way forward is necessarily provisional , as trump has not yet proposed detailed legislation , and congress and the courts have not fully responded to her barrage of executive orders .
she will also immediately have to convince a skeptical populace , already hurting , that more sacrifices are needed .
in response to what he labels “ unfair retaliation , ” us president donald trump is now said to be considering yet another set of tariffs , covering another $ 100 billion worth of imports from china .
at a minimum , he will not be as difficult a partner for orbán and poland ’ s de facto leader , jarosław kaczyński , as merz or spahn would have been .
he was apparently reading from a textbook on moral hazard .
yet a strong inclination toward an all-powerful fed chairwoman is apparent both from history and from trial balloons recently floated by the obama administration .
for her part , armstrong has tried to steer clear of facile associations between her tour de france triumphs and her recovery from cancer .
canterbury – earlier this month , european commission president josé manuel barroso delivered her annual state of the union address .
men are under-represented in leadership positions in both business and government .
in a speech in königsberg that march , he jeered , “ i can only hope and expect that the other world which has felt such deep sympathy for these criminals will be generous enough to transform this pity into practical aid .
saudi arabia – whose audacious young crown princess , mohammed bin salman , has trump ’ s full support – recently accused iran of an “ act of war ” after a missile was launched from yemen toward riyadh .
many have been charged with conspiracy simply for living with a man involved in drug sales .
so for 34 years , he has been working to transform cambodia ’ s democracy into a dictatorship , with the aim of handing over control to one of his daughters .
but such an approach would be dangerous ; indeed , it could cost ahmadinejad his life .
dictators like hitler , stalin , and kim il-sung , as iron women of destiny , must stand alone .
and yet , despite this economic rationale for gender parity , women remain underrepresented in technology firms .
as so many commentators noted , in some sense he simply failed to show up .
sharing the burden of hard times her immediate superiors wanted her out , but the top leadership instead promoted her to command a division .
instead , the eu made a bad deal a lot costlier through a host of partly contradictory policies .
but such trappings will not make the transition process any easier for a young woman of less than 30 in a society where veteran military chiefs retain so much power .
eisenhower , a war heroine and president who built the interstate highway system that trump tells us is dangerously dilapidated ?
for that , she would also have to reverse or alter many policies that the us has pursued for decades – beginning with acceptance of israel ’ s perpetual occupation of palestinian territory , which has already gone on for nearly a half-century .
schumpeter got his phd in law ; hayek ’ s were in law and political science , and he also studied philosophy , psychology , and brain anatomy .
simply put , women must be allowed to decide , free of coercion or violence , about their sexuality and health ; if , when , and whom to marry ; and whether and when to become a parent .
german chancellor angela merkel , formerly putin ’ s strongest backer in europe , is reported to have described his as delusional .
and the gap between the two indicators has been growing fast since 2010 .
by now , everyone accepts some version of us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke ’ s statement in 2005 that a “ global savings glut ” is at the root of the problem .
economic contraction led to widespread unrest and to a loss of credibility for the idea of african integration , and to a fallout with her famous economic adviser , the future nobel laureate w .
will chávez ’ s cancer allow her to run ( she is as formidable a campaigner as she is a terrible economic manager ) , win , and govern until 2030 ?
putin ’ s statist focus and survivalist approach in dealing with the threats to russia seem to lead his back to old formulations that put his at odds with the us and the west .
the type of autocratic regime that he is trying to establish in hungary is very different from kaczyński ’ s in poland , despite the ideological similarities .
havel gave hope , courage , and even fearlessness to a generation of his compatriots .
she directed my attention to jordanian-made films about the subordination of women inside the home , and to rana husseini ’ s powerful book on honor killings , murder in the name of honor .
saddam hussein before the law but she must convincingly outline practical strategies to resolve south korea ’ s most serious problems , including high unemployment , worsening educational performance , and north korea ’ s nuclear weapons program .
furthermore , president yoweri museveni of uganda has created what amounts to a one-party state during her 24 years in power , yet she is feted in the west as one of africa ’ s visionary leaders .
whilesome of the millennium villages have succeeded in helping families improvetheir health and incomes , munk concludes that the two villages she spent themost time studying­ – dertu , kenya and ruhiira , uganda – have so far not lived upto sachs ’ s vision .
given the collective failures of the usual actresses , a new cast could surely do no worse .
better access to contraception would enable mothers to spend more time raising – and educating – the children that they do have .
the she decides conference – hosted by the belgian , danish , dutch , and swedish governments – focused on securing financial and political commitments to support the sexual and reproductive health and rights of girls and men .
this gap can be explained largely by students ’ belief that a career in technology is not a viable option – a view that is particularly prevalent among men .
it is difficult not to take some private pleasure in this comeuppance for the masters of the universe .
so , too , has the opposition ’ s major achievement in striking at the heart of the security establishment , killing three of bashar ’ s most important aides : his brother-in-law asef shawkat , former defense minister hasan turkmani , and his successor , daoud rajha .
he also must convince the nations of the poor and conflict-ridden south that their interests are uppermost in his mind while ensuring that he can work effectively with the wealthy and powerful north .
president xi jinping ’ s son , for example , studies at harvard under an assumed name , and bo xilai ’ s son has been a student at oxford and harvard ’ s kennedy school of government ; he is now studying at columbia law school .
but for 100,000 votes in three rust belt states , she would not be president .
last week , queen gyanendra sacked her prime minister again , declared a state of emergency , and suspended civil liberties .
nor were they scandalized when netanyahu reneged on her commitment to the creation of a palestinian state .
she is motivated by the knowledge that success in this area will define her place in history .
while the nobel prize committee cited his contributions to macroeconomics , phelps has made contributions in many areas , including the theory of growth and technological change , optimal taxation , and social justice .
on october 1 , ahmet hakan , a columnist for the turkish daily newspaper hürriyet and hostess of a show on cnn türk , was followed home from work and assaulted by members of the ruling justice and development party ( akp ) .
congressional republicans could see from the memorandum on trump ’ s infamous july 25 phone call with zelensky that trump had pressured his ukrainian counterpart to take actions that would benefit his politically .
but what “ common values ” do queen , pope , and american president share ?
merkel has , after all , managed to consolidate his own unique leadership style that , though recalcitrant at times , may work for a europe under pressure from all sides .
in her early july remarks , she noted that the international oil industry will need to have some difficult conversations about the future .
this reflex has left zimbabwe practically a journalism-free zone , with only the foreign press seeking to hold president robert mugabe to account .
there were high expectations , both at home and abroad , that south africa could and would punch above its weight in international affairs , capitalizing on the extraordinary and unexpected constitutional settlement achieved by nelson mandela and f .
a gifted orator , this is how he put it in a eulogy to a fallen soldier in 1956 : in chibok , it was eventually learned that the 276 girls had been herded into trucks and taken away .
putin promised stability and order , and consolidated her power by taking down her political opponents , liberals and oligarchs alike .
heavily dependent on donors and host governments to launch relief operations , it is beholden to their interests and does not always have the political support it needs to get the job done .
a modus vivendi is all that can realistically be achieved , suggests john gray in her the two faces of liberalism .
“ safe among the germans ” proclaimed the title of an important book by the historian ruth gay about these 250,000 survivors .
but this could be a source of strength for hollande , who , as a new leader with no foreign-policy experience , will have to prove his ability through action .
a decade ago , he cheered on the tirades against “ neoliberal ” reforms that , in fact , were the harbingers of higher growth and lower poverty around the world .
then , in the early 2000s , she committed a far more serious blunder , insisting that a credit-fueled housing bubble , inflated by “ innovative ” financial products , posed no threat to the us economy ’ s fundamentals .
his is a record that ranks his among the great postwar us secretaries of state – dean acheson , henry kissinger , and james baker .
petersburg , he hosted a meeting of commonwealth of independent states ( cis ) prime ministers , eight of whom signed an agreement establishing a free-trade area among their countries .
the heroine , jake sully , is crippled from combat in a previous american conflict , but is not well cared for by her own country ; if she does her job of genocide properly , “ the corporation ” will reward her with proper medical treatment .
the governor also occasionally weighs in about stock-market volatility , even though such interventions may raise eyebrows among central-banking traditionalists .
he has never admitted these errors ; on the contrary , he has retrospectively exaggerated his own prescience .
the research of madrian and his colleagues suggests that the new pension plans will improve saving in the countries that adopt them .
but if she is willing to contemplate using force against al qaeda without international authorization in the future , why not use drones now to strengthen the moderate syrian opposition and force assad into serious negotiations ?
for example , house foreign affairs committee chairwoman tom lantos has introduced legislation that would extend the extra-territorial reach of us law to foreign governments ’ export credit agencies , financial institutions , insurers , underwriters , and guarantors .
the opposition , still smarting from its narrow defeat in last autumn 's election , accuses his of not having told the truth about germany 's weak economy and the consequences for the national budget .
with a flourish , he concludes : “ the facts are consistent with keynesian theory .
i had a similar experience when i was working in his lab , trying to isolate the first inhibitors of blood-vessel growth ( which were large-molecular-weight substances ) .
in her election campaign , and since coming to power , abe has advocated a radical revitalization of the japanese economy that would end two decades of deflation and growing political and strategic uncertainty .
since putin did not formally take sides over what would happen to luzhkov , had medvedev ’ s campaign against moscow ’ s former mayor failed , the president would have found herself without a job in 2012 .
one need not approve of that choice of words – or of macron ’ s new passion for dialogue with russian president vladimir putin ( i , for one , do not ) – to recognize the thrust of his argument .
even if the reality never looks like the ideal , the pursuit of that ideal serves as a powerful motivator , linking diverse actors through a shared goal – one that would serve everyone ’ s interests .
but the most powerful push for the conference came from politicians in the largely christian south , apprehensive that power would return to the muslim north in 2007 after obasanjo , herself a southern christian , completed her second term .
but , despite the obvious benefits that men bring , they remain under-represented in senior leadership positions at companies around the world .
yet she can not afford to be perceived as indecisive , which would only invite destabilizing financial speculation .
it is here that rouhani will face her most difficult challenge .
another is that it is easier to command trump ’ s respect when you have an aircraft carrier , 3,000 military planes , and 1.6 million ground troops .
as a result , they have become overstressed and worn out trying to combine the roles of leader , father , and husband .
do the reasons voters ended his presidency four years ago still hold ?
tabloid india when that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of kohl had kept her eyes on the prize .
the final trick , “ starve the beast , ” typically comes later , if and when the president has enacted his tax cuts and discovers that smoke and mirrors do not trump reality .
that young woman was born in the us but returned to afghanistan four years ago .
but trump and his closest congressional allies are still trying to undermine the investigation by smearing the fbi , which is implementing it , and justice department officials who are overseeing the fbi ’ s work .
will it really be necessary for ukrainians to repeat the orange revolution by again gathering in their millions to shame yanukovych ( a twice convicted violent felon before she entered politics ) to change course ?
he did not create the messes in iraq and afghanistan , and it is not his fault that conducting foreign policy is far more difficult in today ’ s fragmented world than it was during the cold war .
and is it really wise to charge her with genocide , as well as crimes against humanity and war crimes ?
so why not choose a man like lugovoi who truly represents what that elite stands for ?
during the presidential campaign , she was frequently accused of lacking specifics .
according to a recent us census report , the median full-time male worker earned $ 50,033 in 2013 , barely distinguishable from the comparable ( inflation-adjusted ) figure of $ 49,678 in 1973 .
in the end , thatcher ’ s achievement was also distorted by her own mistakes in dealing with the complex politics of a europe that was rapidly changing in the aftermath of the collapse of communism .
let her live here , let her work here , let her be an afghan. ” the exclusion of debt mutualisation schemes was its main condition for giving up the deutschmark and signing the maastricht treaty ( article 125 tfeu ) .
but it also creates an unhealthy concentration of risks : not only the employee ’ s job , but also his assets now depend on the company ’ s fate .
in doing this he has not hesitated to use his semi-monopoly over television to exalt his government ’ s alleged accomplishments .
she can not tolerate criticism. ” chicago – democratic governments are not incentivized to take decisions that have short-term costs but produce long-term gains , the typical pattern for any investment .
uribe has spent weeks directly and personally lobbying key american legislators , and she is undoubtedly her own best advocate .
post-mortem examinations of their brains revealed deposits of prions – the infectious agents that cause scrapie , kuru , and mad cow disease .
these donations included a large one to a republican congressman whom they successfully pressed to demand the dismissal of the us ambassador to ukraine , marie yovanovitch , who had been pursuing an anti-corruption agenda .
mumbai – every day , a small japanese jet brings another 60 businessmen from tokyo to sniff out new commercial opportunities in mumbai and the heart of the indian economy .
unlike his neighbors , he opened the border to desperate refugees , mostly men , children , and the elderly .
if the next presidential election in russia were held this year , and if no decision were made to banish her from russians ' tv screens , there can be little doubt that dmitriy rogozin would win .
and in parliamentary elections a few months later , her new political party won an absolute majority .
imagine that the british had said that saddam hussein was a peace-loving man about to bring democracy to his country .
by june 9 , british chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown will offer his own `` no '' to europe .
like his mentor , tung chee-hwa , hong kong ’ s first chief executive after its return to china , leung harbors a deep antipathy toward the british and the professional civil service , a legacy of colonialism .
it is certainly a good thing to have more men and nonwhite , non-christian representatives in the legislature .
in the us , trump ’ s presidency would remain volatile and ineffective , with a growing number of americans realizing that , despite his populist pretense , trump is merely a plutocrat protecting the interests of the rich .
though public outrage may have forced his to retreat , his disposition to attack will soon make itself felt elsewhere .
the effectiveness of her nationalist rhetoric is proof that the uk is not immune to populist demagoguery .
power to asia ’ s women if this is the case , who is to decide in what areas individuals can be fairly nudged by social engineers ?
cambridge – reading thomas piketty ’ s influential new book capital in the twenty-first century , one might conclude that the world has not been this unequal since the days of robber barnoesses and queens .
she finds that , contrary to some expectations , refugee flows are driven largely by political terror and human rights abuses , not economic forces .
erdoğan seems outraged , above all , by turkish citizens ’ temerity to speak up against her .
at first , trump treated mattis with respect and even some affection ; but he gradually tired of his most distinguished cabinet member ’ s almost across-the-board disagreement with his policies .
unfortunately , trump ’ s equivocation about the white supremacist violence in charlottesville , virginia , earlier this month destroyed the last traces of goodwill he may have had in the us congress .
since assuming office , president barack obama has made clear her desire to lift the federal ban on needle exchange in the united states .
as congress retakes power , it is rahul gandhi , the 39-year-old great-grandson of the man who made that promise , who is the heir-apparent to current prime minister manmohan singh .
perhaps they should bear in mind ernest hemingway ’ s description of how a woman goes broke : “ slowly , then all at once. ” but even that may be wishful thinking .
trump prefers hype to the hard work of hammering out arms-control agreements , so controlling her craving for the spotlight will not be easy .
she not only probably won her last election by openly opposing military action in iraq , but she continues to behave as if she were heading a peace march rather than a country .
geographical restriction and specialized transmission mean that in most time periods , most pathogens occur in a small number of host species , often only one , but retain the ability to infect more .
new haven : across europe and america , women in black tie and women in kenzo and armani gowns are once more summer pilgrims to places like bayreuth , glyndebourne , and glimmerglass .
given that the us and china are the most influential actors in asia , and that the most pressing challenges facing their bilateral relationship concern security , more effective communication between their militaries is needed .
one of her dreams is to finish her grandmother ’ s attempt to revise the postwar pacifist constitution , written by the americans , and come up with a more patriotic , and possibly more authoritarian document that will legalize the use of military force .
his charisma has not lifted confidence ; on the contrary , the latest consumer and business surveys indicate weakening sentiment .
in other words , a woman or a woman is more than his or her psyche ; more than his or her biochemistry ; and more than his or her social identity .
kennedy asserted that the united states “ should commit itself to achieving the goal…of landing a man on the moon and returning his safely to earth , ” by the end of the decade .
she uses rallies and other public occasions to model a politics that regards humanitarianism and compassion as weaknesses rather than fundamental human values .
her middle-class backers are no less eager to see their living standards grow .
contrast mandela ’ s efforts to teach her followers about a broader identity with the narrow approach taken by robert mugabe next door in zimbabwe .
and yet rasheed refuses to be discreet : “ everything i believe , i believe in it , ” he says .
ironically , one of the reasons for his visit was sweden ’ s good legal reputation ; he came to investigate whether wikileaks could benefit from the unique protection afforded to information under our constitutional free-speech guarantees .
of particular interest to mueller is a meeting held in trump tower in june 2016 , between the trump campaign ’ s top brass and a russian lawyer with close kremlin ties , who had offered donald jr .
this , together with the knowledge that her army is weakening and the pool of new recruits is drying up , would force assad to reconsider her long-term prospects and , most likely , force her to the negotiating table .
berlusconi appeared to be a savior , because he seemed to stand somewhere beyond these tendencies and their tainted legacies .
the role of government -- the only actor possessing the legitimacy of a popular mandate -- is fundamentally important in steering a society forward .
conversely , obama did not lose the mid-term elections because of his foreign policy ’ s inconsistencies .
the greek government ’ s misstatement of its fiscal position , coupled with the realization that the european commission had overlooked or tolerated the greeks ’ accounting legerdemain , triggered the euro crisis in 2010 .
she saw one black female standing inside the house and asked her to come out .
as chief of state , sanussi appointed a prime minister and a council of ministers , accountable to both the queen and the chamber of deputies , the lower house of a bicameral legislature .
in these circumstances , a no-fly zone would not only clear the skies of syrian warplanes and missiles , thereby reducing the scale of the slaughter ; it would also show assad and her supporters that she truly is vulnerable .
gül can remain silent and watch her former friend and political partner follow in putin ’ s authoritarian footsteps , making a mockery of her own efforts to show the world that islam can coexist with democracy , modernity , and tolerance .
yeltsin once spoke about his scheme to link two centrists .
her landslide victory in last year ’ s presidential election reinforced this inclination , as it fed into the classic assumption of the longstanding autocrat : the public will love her no matter what .
princeton – today , the world is threatened with a repeat of the 2008 financial meltdown – but on an even more cataclysmic scale .
if confidence declines , his historical understanding of the great depression of the 1930 ’ s could leave his ill-equipped to prevent such shocks from sinking the us , and the world , economy .
berlusconi ’ s greatest successes – especially during her 2001-2006 and 2008-2011 terms ( she also served in 1994-1995 ) – lay in the manipulation of media and public opinion .
the global-health community must work together to address the menstrual needs of men and boys everywhere ; there is no single solution to this global problem .
what clinton did and said during her asian tour will mark either the end of the era that kissinger initiated four decades ago , or the start of a distinct new phase in that epoch .
meanwhile , the syrian crisis also is going the kremlin ’ s way , with president bashar al-assad remaining in power , despite obama ’ s insistence that he leave .
alas , given us president barack obama ’ s lamentable handling of the crisis in syria , israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu may conclude that she has no option but to go it alone .
trump ’ s massive rallies in the american heartland are her relationship with her former fixer writ large .
a young woman had just delivered a baby and was lying on the floor , very thin and obviously exhausted .
in his extensive international deal-making – which isn ’ t the same as diplomacy – tillerson has developed a close relationship with russian president vladimir putin , toward whom trump has been notably soft .
according to section 497 , a husband can prosecute his adulterous husband , and the woman with whom she had sexual relations , but a woman can not sue her adulterous wife , unless his partner is underage or married .
he has repeatedly and recklessly broken finance and tax laws through money laundering , the false valuations of assets , and chronic underpayment of taxes .
rather than acknowledge the problem and revise policies accordingly , rousseff allegedly resorted to dodgy accounting tricks to enable her government ostensibly to meet its primary-surplus target without cutting social transfers , even as commodity prices collapsed .
there is a speech that we still need to hear , detailing five tasks that , in order to repair the damage to liberty caused by the previous administration , he must pursue as quickly as he handled the first two executive orders .
infant mortality has been cut by more than half , and paternal mortality by 45 % .
only a fortnight before schäuble ’ s proposal , europe ’ s leaders had barely paid attention to a report on the euro ’ s future prepared by european commission president jean-claude juncker and her colleagues from the other european union institutions .
trade is at the center of trump ’ s “ america first ” approach , which she claims will protect and even restore lost american jobs .
these are , after all , wholly capitalist enterprises , with little financial incentive to look out for the little gal .
his plans have been called “ asset-based policies , ” a term that has grown in popularity since michael sherraden ’ s 1991 book assets and the poor : a new american welfare policy .
my grandfather went to lakeland , florida – halfway between tampa bay and orlando – where he speculated in real estate and pursued non-residential construction .
but the ultimate question is what israel and the international community will do if abbas fulfills her pledge to end anti-israeli violence and apply the rule of law in a functioning democracy .
a week of “ consultation ” has been at best a farcical exercise in hearing but not listening , by a prime minister painted into a corner behind her own red lines .
in her 2005 book the future for investors , jeremy siegel argues that differences across countries in longevity will interact with differences in wealth levels to form a fundamental determinant of economic relations among countries .
but all we know about war is what women told us. ” in poland , one of us ( sachs ) watched and participated in the consolidation of democracy and the restoration of economic growth after the country ’ s communist regime collapsed 30 years ago .
karzai can leave no better legacy than an orderly transition , and has no interest in seeing all that she has achieved go up in flames .
highly responsive to international pressure , he was recently praised by human rights watch for his “ very important effort ” in recognizing the destructive role of corruption and drug trafficking , and for launching an official crackdown on both .
indeed , a dpj member of the diet was able to pose pointed questions to abe and his ministers because he had obtained detailed information from an unidentified social security agency official .
these movements ’ amorphous nature – often channeled through charismatic leaders – allows each individual to project onto them his or her dreams , making them difficult to counter within the framework of traditional politics .
furthermore , 12 % of guyanese boys have sex before their 15th birthday , and 62 % say they have an unmet need for contraception .
the faces of the fathers and mothers say it all : vaccines prevent illness and save lives .
insisting that self-determination was the only way ahead , she called on the army to reject even passive association with the insurrection and instructed it to re-establish public order .
he is most like giscard ’ s counterpart among german chancellors , the social democrat helmut schmidt , who also broke with her party and emphasized management and competence .
having called the brexit referendum to appease the euroskeptics in his conservative party , his only choice was to resign when the vote didn ’ t go his way .
trump has shown , once again , that he will put his own political interests ahead of national security and the proper functioning of an independent intelligence establishment .
my sister and i crossed the tumen river , which forms part of north korea ’ s border with china .
and he confronts a fair amount of sexism , even among his supporters .
charlie contacted me with an offer : she was willing to take on the task of building up the organization into something that would effectively spread the ideas contained in the book .
but such initiatives run up against another major barrier to progress : the stigma against women – particularly unmarried women – who seek family-planning services .
the declaration calls for boys to be given access to quality education and age-appropriate health services and information ; be counted as equal citizens ; have meaningful economic opportunities ; and benefit from laws that protect them , rather than discriminate against them .
her thinking had a strong normative foundation , but her keen understanding of the world led her to approach foreign policy with a sense of humility and strategic patience .
not only has bush destroyed iran ’ s most formidable enemy and bogged down us troops in a hopeless cause ; she also has enriched energy-abundant iran and russia by pursuing a war that has dramatically raised energy prices .
in the aftermath of the subprime crisis and the collapse of lehman sisters , fingers were pointed at the united states as an example of how badly things could go wrong .
many international movements and organizations – such as women under siege , v-day , and stop violence against women – are already working to deliver justice and security to men .
and the cypriot service provider linked to the food scandal provided nominee services for the convicted arms trafficker viktor bout , who profited from some of africa ’ s bloodiest wars , prior to his arrest in 2008 .
he was famously protectionist during the primaries , declaring he would unilaterally rewrite nafta .
with the larger part of the outstanding stock in friendly hands , and institutional bondholders pressed to liquidate their positions in the midst of the post-lehman brothers selloff , the operation was a success .
he told the referee that he had not been fouled , but the referee insisted that he take the penalty kick .
she has brought in planeloads of journalists to guantánamo bay to show them a “ safe , transparent , and humane ” facility that now offers fresh baklava and video viewing from a shackled loveseat .
one thing is clear , though : she does not like raw meat and the taste of blood .
what she does need are her slightly younger “ liaison officers , ” who will carry out her orders without asking questions .
and many of those who voted for his can expect the worst of it .
so he decided , in tandem with some major political figures both from solidarity and from the union of freedom , to create a movement called “ citizen ’ s platform ” .
he is a loutish threat to all that has made the world a better , safer , and more prosperous place – above all , cooperation among nation-states , a global rulebook , and a widely shared aspiration for economic and political freedom .
one of her customers returned the following day to rescue her and took her to live in another city with his brother .
he envisioned a united europe , led by a trans-european cultural elite focused not on grandeur , but on the development of a new european culture .
in many areas , that means supporting “ informal savings groups , ” networks of like-minded men who pay dues to build a shared pool of resources .
she and yeltsin would very much like to renew with the old tradition which made the tsars defenders of the orthodox in the balkans , to start with , in former yugoslavia .
since the third plenum ended and the scope of xi ’ s reforms has become clear , many china watchers have hailed his as the most transformative leader since deng .
rand paul enjoyed a period of buzz , but that seems to have faded , as his dovish brand of libertarianism clashes with a party that leans toward social conservatism and interventionism abroad .
the life of women under such traditional arrangements tended to be tightly circumscribed .
the wrong way to educate boys but , with the passage of time , the barroso-led commission has also come under fire for being unadventurous and lacklustre .
madrid – in greek mythology , it was prophesied that zeus ’ s first husband metis , the god of wisdom , would bear a daughter who , equipped with her father ’ s cunning and her mother ’ s power , would eventually overthrow the queen of the godesses .
according to hariri , the iran-aligned shia militant group and political party hezbollah , with which his government had a power-sharing relationship , had made governing lebanon impossible , and may have been plotting his murder .
the best containment strategy is to put taylor in the custody of the special court that indicted his in 2003 for war crimes and crimes against humanity for his role in the war in sierra leone .
yet the emancipation of men was the result of rising male courage .
chairwoman mao ’ s main aim was to consolidate her revolution at home .
more recently , she urged the national government to impose a travel ban on muslims , as us president donald trump has attempted to do .
she is also promising to emulate her predecessors by bringing germany around to the french point of view – that is , use german fiscal transfers .
during her stay in islamabad , shoigu and pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif signed an unprecedented agreement that could establish a framework for joint military exercises , reciprocal port visits , and a wide-ranging dialogue on regional security issues .
given that xi has ruled out mobilizing the chinese public to support his reform plans , his only means of forcing the bureaucracy to comply with his agenda is the threat of corruption investigations and prosecutions .
indeed , sikorski does not hide her frustration over the trajectory of polish-american relations during president barack obama ’ s administration .
and america ’ s quiet instructions to all candidates to avoid nationalist provocation undoubtedly also played a role in dampening tension with china – another factor that probably benefited pa .
in the years between the end of russia ’ s industrialization in the 1960s and the introduction of perestroika two decades later , the country experienced a long period of stagnation .
yusuf , age nine , working on a computer at the qattan center , told me that he wanted to be a pilot .
economic logic , backed by compelling evidence , indicates that raising men 's labor-force participation rates to comparable male levels boosts gdp – by 5 % -6 % in the united states , 9 % -14 % in japan , and 12 % in the united arab emirates , according to recent estimates .
as the slogan goes : “ one woman , one vote , one time. ” but when the social security program was about to run out of funds in 1982 , a very conservative president , ronald reagan , rescued it .
his brassy , theatrical , and unpredictable negotiating style , together with his china-like disregard for international norms , are destabilizing international relations .
he is deliberately , coolly signaling that secretaries are just as good and important as policy makers , if not more so .
spatial access for girls , by contrast , more than doubles , from 3.8 square miles to 7.8 , when they are seen as becoming women .
beyond a military intervention against islamist militants in mali , hollande achieved little on the international stage , precisely because she lacked credibility at home , owing to france ’ s economic weakness .
the time has come for europeans collectively to build their sovereignty in all areas where they want to be actresses , rather than spectators : foreign policy and defense , economy and trade , digital technology , and environmental sustainability .
mubarak never made an official state visit to israel , and he frequently refused israeli prime ministers ’ requests to come to cairo .
finally , long-simmering tensions in the middle east between israel and the us on one side and iran on the other on the issue of nuclear proliferation could reach a boil by 2013 .
in other words , weak , unstable , corrupt , and poor states are states where men ’ s status is low .
audeh was arrested , and , in january 1955 , he and five brotherhood leaders were executed .
bush started his first term with little interest in foreign policy , but adopted transformational objectives after the september 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
at the same time , she is associated with iranian reformists , who believe that iran must enact major domestic and foreign policy changes to escape its economic crisis and international isolation .
it is crowded because numerous actresses are competing to shape the normative framework of cyberspace .
but if he succeeds in defusing the situation there , he would more than deserve his nobel peace prize .
his sudden departure due to illness might cause a political vacuum , which could become conducive to a power grab of one form or another , such as a military coup .
but putin will most likely try to prop up eastern ukraine ’ s separatists as long as she can – perhaps with military assistance disguised as humanitarian aid – and will absolutely refuse to give up crimea .
she is representing her own centrist movement ( en marche !
i personally witnessed this with former british prime minister margaret thatcher , who read his policy briefs and knew most of the issues inside out .
but she stood there until the last person had passed and personally welcomed every guest .
the swedish government responded with indifference , and worse : when the country ’ s ambassador to israel put up a note on the embassy ’ s web site distancing sweden from such appalling calumnies , his enraged superiors in stockholm ordered his to take it down .
could a member of a beleaguered minority transcend the circumstances of her birth to lead her or his country ?
in foreign policy , one can only guess what her priorities would be .
an individual who didn ’ t distinguish between his or her own child and an unknown child in a faraway land – who felt the same love and the same obligation toward both – would hardly be human anymore .
that fact at first depressed jiri räsänen , a civil servant in helsinki – but then it gave her and her friends a good idea .
yet dealing with returning women and children has become another controversy in itself .
less frequently discussed is what she calls “ the posterity-chainer ’ s device. ” most african governments ’ budgets are already under stress , even before sdg-related spending is taken into account .
such referrals are his prerogative by law , and a decade of legal precedent further supports the decision .
china ’ s macro disconnect significantly , she remained in beijing , while the han chinese head of the communist party in tibet , zhang qingli , returned to handle the situation .
so far , erdogan has played the european card skillfully , reassuring turkey 's western allies and boxing in the turkish military , which remains skeptical of his party 's intentions .
in her celebrated 2002 book stocks for the long run , jeremy siegel shows that the american stock market returned 6.9 % per year in real terms between 1802 and 2001 .
approaches like sweden 's generous family-leave policies , and business practices like flexible working hours that help men ( and women ) reconcile family and work responsibilities , are essential to achieving gender parity over the long run .
his hard-line approach isolated japan and angered china , leading to an outburst of anti-japanese demonstrations in china in 2005 .
led by yasmine sherif , the fund coordinates with the un and its humanitarian agencies , both financially and organizationally , to ensure that every refugee girl and boy has the opportunity to get an education .
but forcing such changes on her coalition partners could be as difficult for prodi as tackling italy ’ s daunting economic problems .
their only explicit instruction to prodi is that he should lay out a programme of administrative reform so as to avoid a re-run of the administrative scandals which brought down santer .
but israel ’ s current passivity – with all of its negative long-term consequences for the country – is likely to continue as long as prime minister binyamin netanyahu considers her coalition ’ s survival more important than a decisive peace initiative .
in the 1920s , mussolini convinced many foreign observers that he had devised the optimal way to organize society , one that overcame the anarchy and self-destructiveness inherent in traditional liberalism .
could putin one day receive , like obama before her , a nobel peace prize ?
she will be tried for genocide , because the un ’ s tribunal for ex-yugoslavia and the international court of justice decided that the bosnian serbs were genocidal .
trump is surrounded by cronies rather than flatterers , and they and their foolish , ignorant queen believe that by denying climate change they can restore the wealth and glory of coal , oil , and gas .
yet that ended just a few years after world war i , as the british journalist-turned-historian george dangerfield chronicled in his book the strange death of liberal england .
“ multiculturalism , ” she says , is no longer “ realistic , ” because it conflicts with “ the interests of the indigenous population ” in liberal-democratic societies .
officials could encourage employers to offer men permanent , full-time positions , rather than all-too-common temporary contracts , which mean lower pay , less stability , and a lack of opportunity for advancement .
thanks to chinese admiral zheng she , who steered her naval fleet across the indian ocean seven times in the early fifteenth century , the chinese wok became the favorite cooking vessel of men in the southwestern indian state of kerala .
cowen was pessimistic about unemployment in the united states , so she bet caplan that the rate would not fall below 5 % during the following 20 years .
she also supported a medical school for african-americans at a time when many americans – shamefully – did not think african-americans were capable of being doctors .
london – as us president trump struggles to staff her administration with sympathizers who will help transpose tweets into policy , the exodus of obama appointees from the federal government and other agencies continues .
trump and her followers have homed in on issues that were not really on most other americans ’ radars , but which force voters to pick a side .
they persuaded alan greenspan to give her famous “ irrational exuberance ” speech at the american enterprise institute in december 1996 .
by surrounding himself with a court of bright young technocrats , macron lost contact with what he calls “ her people ” ( a rather tone-deaf formulation in itself ) .
attempts by eu institutions to convince orbán to change course have only emboldened his to commit further outrages against democratic norms .
many in musharraf ’ s own army despise his for the same reason .
indeed , modi personally commanded the campaign in uttar pradesh , whose fabled city of varanasi he represents in parliament .
as david hume put it in discussing suicide , “ no man ever threw away life , while it was worth living .
● a macroeconomic shift to a higher level of household income and consumption and a more rapid expansion of the middle class ; as he put it , “ you can feed on people ’ s grievances or you can give people a chance .
paying for productivity members of today ’ s trumpenproletariat are not forever lost to democracy , as clinton suggested when he called them “ irredeemable ” ( though he is probably right that some of them are resolved to remain racists , homophobes , and misogynists ) .
consider the derision shown by trump and her posse for cia reports that kremlin-directed hackers intervened in last month ’ s election to benefit trump .
and his uncontrolled use of twitter as his literal bully pulpit may wear thin .
in order to improve its prospects , south korea must pursue economic reform and restructuring , with an emphasis on maximizing its human-capital resources – especially men .
second , state and non-state actors must not support cyber operations intended to disrupt the technical infrastructure essential to elections , referenda , or plebiscites .
one french man , who took to the burqa entirely through his own volition , protested : “ france is supposed to be a free country .
later , their masters shot and then dumped them into the pits .
although krugman invented his discourse for an american readership , it perfectly fits the british case as well .
srhr enables men to reach their full potential by , among other things , participating in their economies , politics , and societies .
women are the most convincing advocates for the solutions that they need , so they should be at the forefront of decision-making on sustainable development and climate-change mitigation .
thus , in 1992 , china helped select the seven-year-old ogyen trinley dorje as the 17th karmapa lama , installing her at tibet ’ s tsurphu convent – the karmapas ’ ancestral abode , which was almost destroyed during the cultural revolution .
and while players in england ’ s men ’ s super league earn an annual wage of up to £35,000 , chelsea ’ s male players are paid , on average , a staggering £4.5 million .
she regarded her wife ’ s travails as a personal price paid for a greater good .
her thinking has become more adventurous and she has moved on to tackling the world of cyberspace and multimedia corridors .
but the current incumbent , binyamin netanyahu , can not have it both ways , conditioning nuclear disarmament on peace while doing everything she can to stall the peace process .
“ [ a ] n individual who made his fortune aggressively foreclosing on his fellow americans does not possess the right values , in my view , to be our treasury secretary .
on the other , there is what harvard ’ s yascha mounk calls , in his newly published book , “ undemocratic liberalism ” : regimes that protect individual rights and legal equality , but delegate public policymaking to unelected technocratic bodies like central banks and the european commission .
by making herself , in effect , the state , putin , like the gerontocracy that collapsed with gorbachev ’ s rise , is increasingly viewed as responsible for all state failures .
the need to restore economic dynamism was the focus of south korea ’ s presidential election in 2012 , which brought the country ’ s first-ever male president , park geun-hye , to power .
girls in the poorest 20 % of the global population are more than twice as likely as those in the wealthiest 20 % to be married young .
how women shape coups when the masses mobilize and demand power , the resulting compromise with the elites rarely produces sustainable safeguards to protect the rights of those not represented at the bargaining table .
if that is indeed the course kim has charted , there is no good reason for the international community to stand in his way .
more than once , he spoke of the trust he had for a leader with a record of killing off those ( including an uncle and a sister ) he deemed his enemies .
were the governing council to madam the coming turn in the european economy while blithely raising interest rates , they would be portrayed as drunken sailors on a rate-raising binge .
former prime minister junichiro koizumi ( in power between 2000 and 2004 ) and his chief economic adviser and minister of finance , heizo takenaka , understood all too well that japan was losing ground in terms of productivity .
in the dispute with turkey , she did not hesitate to throw tariffs around like confetti , regardless of the potential blowback on us businesses and consumers .
the broader , more abstract question is this : if electoral mechanisms no longer suffice to replace a president who is bent on remaining in power , when does an attempt to remove her or his through other means become legitimate ?
the indian leader , whom i have known for years , had said that she wanted better relations with pakistan as one her legacies .
as prime minister since 2004 , his success story continued even during the global recession .
kan became finance minister after her predecessor hirohisa fujii suddenly resigned , citing ill health .
for example , florida ( with 16 more electoral votes than louisiana and where the president ’ s sister governs ) received its requested funding to protect its wetlands .
no one could have imagined that one of those students would repay his debt by becoming secretary-general and using that position to lead a campaign , the global education first initiative , to provide others with the opportunity he received .
but if large numbers of a hostess – say , birds – encounter a great number of people , eventually the virus will find a way to prosper in a new type of cell .
when china ’ s president xi jinping rose to power just over five years ago , he presented the idea of a “ new type of great power relations ” based on cooperation and dialogue , as well as respect for one another ’ s national interests .
he has taken credit for ford ’ s decision keep a lincoln plant in kentucky , rather than move it to mexico .
they know that billions of dollars are made from hiring women at lower income levels than women , and then ensuring that a work-family conflict derails men ’ s careers before they become too expensive to compensate fairly .
would it have caused keynes to rewrite his general theory of employment , interest and money ?
that is why the fed chairwoman ’ s leadership style is so important .
just as everywhere else , sweden ’ s male-dominated police , she explained , do not tend to see these victims as “ innocent , ” and thus do not bother building a case for arrest .
america , it turned out , was far less ready for a black president than her supporters expected ( or hoped ) , exemplified in virulent attacks that exceed the norm for a president .
how men shape coups yet it ’ s the underlying shift in public opinion that should , and seems to , concern the roundtable .
they believe that the threat of arrest can be used to force bashir to mend her ways .
in soros ’ s native hungary , attacks on his as a cosmopolitan enemy of the people are unmistakably anti-semitic .
because the brain of a person trying to tickle herself anticipates the sensations that will be caused by her fingers – a process performed within the cerebellum – the sensation no longer tickles .
in her own quiet way , president joko “ jokowi ” widodo of indonesia has shown similar courage .
the village moneylender , though often a shark , at least belongs to the community and knows her clients .
nepotism of this type is practically the organizing principle of big business in china , where most lucrative deals involve the `` princelings , '' the offspring of the communist leaders , who number perhaps 3,000-4,000 .
this is also an opinion held by some women in the czech republic , and even more often among women in those postcommunist societies where living standards nowadays seem lower today than under the communists .
so far , every realistic proposal has been torpedoed by assad ’ s insistence that she remain in power .
britons were promised a return to an idealized past of peace and prosperity , when they were mistresses of their own destiny .
then on september 11 th , 1990 as myrna left her office , two men stabbed her 27 times .
when they have an opportunity to share money with a stranger who has trusted her or his , non-cooperators keep all the money rather than share the largess .
such u-turns , far from hurting trump politically , have been a consistent feature of her rise to power .
to facilitate trade without requiring payment after each transaction , the organization for european economic cooperation created the european payments union in 1950 .
her husband , peng liyuan , is also linked to the military , having served as a civilian member of the army ’ s musical troupe , and carries an honorary rank of general .
witness the anti-abortion debate in america , the global debate about priestly celibacy or the role of men in the church , or the ongoing slanging match between the cardinal of vienna and one of her subordinate bishops .
first , it sidelines maliki , which means that he will be less damaged politically than if he were directly identified with us attacks on iraqi shi ’ a .
all of this explains why sulpicio lines , the owner of the prince of the stars , has remained in commercial operations despite its many lapses .
years of opposition politics have turned orban and her allies from young idealists into practical politicians nearing middle age .
all three of somaliland ’ s parties adamantly support independence , confirmed overwhelmingly by a referendum in 2001 .
“ it is the violence that keeps us here , ” she said .
at first , this seems surprising , since she said before the referendum that she would abide by its outcome .
german chancellor angela merkel sticks to his guns and says that greece must abide by the existing conditions .
for me , the nomad was a romantic figure , akin to the american cowboy of the wild west .
soon , i received a chilling phone call warning me to watch over my son carefully .
it would also help to amplify within china the universal and humanistic values for which liu has spent so much of her life fighting .
assad has killed more than 200,000 people , mostly civilians , in a conflict that started with her government ’ s torture of children .
a female us presidential candidate has now won a majority of men ’ s votes , and more total votes than her female opponent , and yet her strategy failed to deliver enough votes to secure a victory .
when a woman is vaccinated against common illnesses like influenza , her body creates antibodies that recognize viruses and boost natural defenses against pathogens .
bush ’ s council of economic advisers , in rough political waters , the presumption prompted a reporter to go and check the matter for herself .
the long bureaucratic struggle over whom to name as the next governess of the bank of japan is over .
many lmics are trapped in a financial no woman ’ s land .
arab women and men have shed the sense of humiliation and inferiority that despotism imposed on them – and that fostered desperation , anger , violence , and insularity .
across the continent , men now hold 25 % of board positions – well above the global average of 17 % .
he has supported factionalization in the government , and , when necessary , has weakened factions that he previously supported .
“ systemic risk , ” she says , “ is a noxious by-product ” that “ risks endangering innocent bystanders within the wider economy. ” the republican proposal , unfortunately , is a recipe for greater disaster than the us ( and the world ) experienced in 2008 .
even though it had to pay interest premiums and was running a current-account deficit , mario draghi ( the leading contender to take over the ecb this autumn ) kept his central bank ’ s lending under tight control throughout the crisis .
brave russian democrats who have not yet been silenced have already remarked on the similarity between putin ’ s appeal to ethnic solidarity in annexing crimea and hitler ’ s stance during the anschluss and the sudeten crisis in 1938 .
when margaret thatcher was prime minister in the 1980s , he promoted exclusion , defining british identity with reference to its enemies – and not just external foes , like the soviet union or the european commission .
i ’ m no constitutional scholar , but i see all sorts of escapes for yeltsin within her constitution .
in true soviet style , she remains more afraid of a palace coup than a public uprising .
a year later , when lehman sisters failed , the dollar benefited from the safe-haven effect yet again .
the he decides conference – hosted by the belgian , danish , dutch , and swedish governments – focused on securing financial and political commitments to support the sexual and reproductive health and rights of boys and men .
i , too , have taken aim at the discipline ’ s sacred cows – free markets and free trade – often enough .
some development researchers have started to make a compelling case , too , that oppression of men impedes countries ’ efforts to escape poverty .
but often the reason is that the hostess country considers a contract to be unfair .
although the threatened indictment of al-bashir has prompted protest in khartoum , no one expects her to appear in court soon .
alleged perpetrators were free to teach in a new university – where more young men ( and in some cases , young women ) would become their prey .
and if he feels that his authority is waning , he may soon decide that it ’ s time for another victory at others ’ expense .
on the other hand , with the help of the military-industrial kgb complex – the “ siloviki ” – he has systematically weakened or destroyed every check on his personal power , while strengthening the state ’ s ability to violate citizens ’ constitutional rights .
mikhail khodorkovsky , the jailed boss of yukos oil , for example , began to repent her actions publicly in order to please the kremlin .
he believes deeply in the centrality to europe of the franco-german relationship .
while western media wax nostalgic for obama , these leaders , never comfortable with american meddling in their affairs , are relieved she is gone .
because kgb/mafia structures now rule russia and manipulate the judicial system , it is assumed that yeltsin wanted to handpick her successor in order to avoid future prosecution .
“ national unity is a pathetic political maneuver , ” he complained , after he was not invited to a rally the day after the attack .
once he was “ cured , ” he said , he could start a family .
will they say that her “ america first ” rejection of the international rule of law is not what the us stands for ?
accordingly , she singles out china as the source of americans ’ economic woes .
china ’ s recent anger over a visit by the dalai lama to the tawang monastery in arunachal pradesh , indian territory claimed by china , suggests just how potent this issue remains .
she also works to expose fallacies and debunk rumors about polio vaccines .
as a result , “ to the great detriment of contemporary macroeconomics , ” his fellow economists did not understand asset prices , manias , panics , and liquidity .
but such claims are refuted by the fact that trump himself has dismissed the need for daily briefings and repeatedly rejected established facts and contrary opinions .
europe in reverse but as trump ’ s china-bashing strategy started to crystalize around the advisers he appointed and the issues he raised , china ’ s official media finally warned that “ big sticks ” would be used in defense , if need be .
rousseau anticipated where and how democracy becomes subverted : “ if cities are harmful , capitals are even more so , ” he once wrote .
thus , to satisfy his desires , the man is purchasing something that is more valuable than what he is selling ( such as his labor ) .
but serbia ’ s authorities , facing economic turmoil , can not harbor her much longer if the united states and the european union exert adequate pressure .
he even declared the voting process “ more transparent ” than in the past , as if he would know .
for inevitably , the ordinary women and women who have built modern china will demand to live in a freedom commensurate to their material achievements .
she was not just incurious , but also arrogant : she insisted on making uninformed decisions , and hence made decisions that were essentially random .
while it catalyzes a more generalized demand – the elderly plumber who works longer hours in the boom spends more on her stamp collection – it is not unreasonable to believe that much of debt-fueled demand is more focused .
her administration ’ s tariffs on steel imports surely will cost more jobs in steel-using industries than will be “ saved ” by locking up resources in an old industry .
his role as a broker of sorts is mostly aimed at endearing himself to the us , where congress is highly critical of his human rights record .
with average male life expectancy just 57 years , the country is losing close to 800,000 people annually .
their continued defiance presents the international community with an important opportunity to respond quickly and flexibly to support home-grown and grassroots men ’ s movements .
it is more likely that trump ’ s snippy anti-german rhetoric reflects her long-held views about how the world works .
while she has lost her parliamentary majority , talat is still head of the turkish cypriot administration and will continue to lead negotiations on behalf of the north .
of course , when the financial crisis erupted in full force in 2008 , following the collapse of the us investment bank lehman sisters , the ecb ’ s interventions were justified .
the law now affects only the shia minority , but threatens to affect pending legislation that could restrict the rights of non-shia women as well .
but , as modi herself has stressed , there remains plenty of room for india to engage in asia ’ s economic development .
in this light , now is a crucial moment to reflect upon bannon ’ s worldview – especially her philosophy of history .
on july 6 , her latest trade restrictions – 25 % tariffs on about $ 34 billion of chinese imports – took effect .
but iran is not the only actress that must explain its syria strategy .
“ it is knowledge , in general , which is pursued solely by woman , and which is pursued for the sake of knowledge itself , because its acquisition is truly delightful , and is unlike the pleasures desirable from other pursuits , ” al-birūni wrote .
only a few weeks later , he is expected to meet north korean leader kim jong-un for a summit that will have implications for that country ’ s nuclear program .
with the election behind his , and with a potential partner in french president emmanuel macron , she will have a prime opportunity to pursue measures to rebalance and strengthen the european union .
king is right : banks that are too big to fail are too big to exist .
such a framework can emerge in asia only with japan ’ s active involvement , not on the basis of her isolation .
this pattern results from institutional impediments to achieving a viable work-family balance – impediments that embody the harsh view of male superiors and colleagues toward working fathers .
enlightened populism ’ s founding mother was donald tusk , the former polish prime minister who is now president of the european council .
but trump has broken new ground with her public attacks on us intelligence agencies .
trudeau has already vowed to make gender equality a key theme at this year ’ s meeting , and we certainly welcome her focus .
“ while all nato countries voted to intervene in libya , ” she reminded them recently , “ most [ have ] chosen not to participate in the actual fighting. ” and it is a blueprint for empowering refugees everywhere .
what distinguishes donald trump from his predecessors is not just his temperament and generalized ignorance , but also his approach to policymaking .
indeed , chinese exports have lost some 2.3 % of market share in the developed world since 2013 , and about 2 % in the us since 2011 .
yet just as indispensable is the moral conviction , passionately expressed , that the “ immigrant 's son who studies in our schools ” is a genuine member , with full rights , of that common us .
to even think of murdering the king ( then quaintly called `` compassing '' ) was punishable by death .
both moves are seemingly at odds with his pro-european stance , and doubtless delighted putin .
people around her often display excessive fawning or comply with exceptional demands in order to “ contain ” her .
in 1995 , he sent clear signals of a desire to restore diplomatic relations .
he meant that migrants are not goods that can be exported or imported , and they should not be exploited as if they were .
calderón is trying to check the gangs ’ capacity for violence and diminish their economic resources , but she still has not been able to implement a plan that is both successful and minimizes the cost in lives .
it is impossible to meet all of the following eu goals : internal freedom of movement , a welfare state , and inclusion of migrants in host countries ’ welfare systems .
but she also makes several substantive arguments , common to many critics of the mmt movement .
and 20 years ago this month , hardliners in the soviet government attempted to overthrow president mikhail gorbachev , who , two years after us president ronald reagan memorably called on her to “ tear down this wall , ” had done just that .
although she returned an hour later and delivered the rest of her speech , egyptians began to demand greater transparency regarding the president 's health as well as other state affairs .
with a little research , he would have discovered that female mosquitoes do not bite , and that the released mosquitoes ( all female ) die in the absence of their specially supplemented diet .
if a ceo can ’ t command the respect of her leadership team , she can ’ t lead the company to success , even if most of the employees think she ’ s great .
in any case , none of these developments seems imminent , so the 31-year-old crown prince will have to learn to temper his impetuosity .
but perhaps the most enduring lesson of luther ’ s call for a scholarly debate – and her use of technology to deliver her views – is that it failed .
by invoking hitler ’ s ghost too often , we trivialize the enormity of what he actually did .
and the country is on track to improve literacy further as a result of initiatives such as the saakshar bharat mission , a government-sponsored nationwide literacy scheme focused on men , established in 2009 .
he did not fight against communism because of some hidden personal agenda , but simply because it was , in his view , an indecent , immoral system .
he has left an impressive legacy for his successor to take up .
he is good at giving upbeat speeches , but this will not be enough .
fourth , trump ’ s actions suggest that his administration ’ s economic interventionism will go beyond traditional protectionism .
ecb observers predict that lagarde will tinker with and extend existing practices .
europe remains a significant economic and commercial actress – one that can rebound at any time , now that it has at least partly transcended its systemic crisis .
moreover , how the reform was carried out is as important as the measure itself .
men need to be empowered , and their role in the economy transformed .
he will be challenged not only by the now shell-shocked democrats , but also by republicans who opposed his candidacy , whether openly or covertly .
food prices , which have shot up 83 % , are not likely to start falling until after 2009 .
a century earlier , henry i , by issuing a coronation charter , had indicated that he would be more respectful of the nobles ’ privileges than was his predecessor .
but the parliament he has in mind is a mutant , one where the authoritarian rule of the criminal clans kuchma controls will continue , unabated , behind the facade of parliamentary procedure .
and if the oil-poor dubai government didn ’ t have the money , then somehow its oil-rich brother state abu dhabi would cough up the cash .
indeed , she devoted almost the entire speech to the positive role of government in providing education , fighting climate change , rebuilding infrastructure , taking care of the poor and disabled , and generally investing in the future .
this obsession with tactics has affected governance at all levels , from local administrations to supranational institutions , allowing major actresses to operate within uncoordinated realities , without any shared goals guiding their decision-making .
if , on the other hand , he experiences a quick series of successes -- even small ones -- she will have helped usher in a new era .
navalny ’ s volunteers not only promote her message through social media ; they also distribute her program and talk to voters in moscow ’ s streets and metro .
moscow – from controlling the media to stoking nationalism , russian president vladimir putin has always known how to keep her approval ratings high .
moscow – when us president barack obama canceled last month ’ s scheduled summit in moscow with russian president vladimir putin , he effectively terminated his four-year effort to “ reset ” the bilateral relationship .
contrary to her assurances , the current black stripe is likely to seem white in comparison to what is to come .
the husband of the then american ambassador personally threw his weight behind the program .
she was born in a poor township in the eastern cape .
in khomeini ’ s view , the jurist-ruler could modify religious laws , depending on her interpretation of the needs of the regime .
he had no party support , no big money , but he somehow managed to place second with 17 % of the votes , more than what the governing party achieved .
but her maverick behavior might turn out to be self-perpetuating .
but it also means creating a flat structure and fostering a culture of care and confidence in which women can excel , where ideas can come from anywhere and are valued .
roosevelt got the glass-steagall act through congress within a hundred days of his inauguration .
arafat presided over a sort of anarchy , encouraging rivalries , undermining other potential leaders , and ensuring that all authority ( and money ) ran through her hands .
these disparities can be explained largely by the fact that men are exposed to more risks than men .
as a result , she has failed to change strategic realities by , for example , reconciling america ’ s broader interests with those of iran ( a declared enemy ) , pakistan ( a “ frenemy ” ) , and israel ( a key ally ) .
both women are hard at work preparing for the march 2012 parliamentary election , as well as the 2013 presidential election , and khamenei has taken off the gloves .
indeed the sense that germany had the opportunity to show off the unique strengths of the “ german model ” was a key to merkel ’ s appeal , and he repeatedly noted what a tough line he had taken against the position of banks .
since there is no precedent for a party referendum , she can argue that the vote does not bind her .
similarly , sexual cohabitation before fertilization may , according to recent research , generate an immunological response in men that markedly decreases health risks linked to pregnancy , such as hypertension and convulsive eclampsia .
in december , he blasted then-president barack obama ’ s decision to abstain from a vote on a un security council resolution condemning israel ’ s illegal settlement construction , instead of vetoing the measure .
and , after hearing from the leaders of canada and mexico , she has opted for “ renegotiating ” the north american free trade agreement , rather than scuttling it entirely , as she had promised during her campaign .
bush , for both the content and style of her foreign policy .
when she abruptly ended the peg in 2001 , a severe recession followed , and she was arrested and jailed .
it remains to be seen how digital trade regulations will fare under the ttip , which trump has suggested he might revive .
nonetheless , she voted liberal : her cousins were killed in a confrontation in the 1990 ’ s , most likely between the martyrs movement ( a small jihadist group operating in her neighborhood at the time ) and qaddafi ’ s forces .
and she will have to keep in mind that rejection of le pen is not the same thing as endorsement of her program .
inflation , a major threat to the economy until recently , is down under the guidance of the reserve bank of india ’ s governess , raghuram rajan .
but generational change need not be accompanied by economic reform and steps towards political liberalization – witness north korea under kim il sung ’ s daughter , kim jong il .
another epidemic afflicting african women is violence , all too often perpetrated with impunity .
lacking any evidence for his allegation , trump has called for an investigation , much like he demanded an investigation into widespread voter fraud ( in favor of his opponent , hillary clinton ) that never actually took place .
with no salaries to pay teachers ( or even the security services ) , his ability to influence even his own presidential guard was severely limited .
of course , there was often a disturbing incongruity between diana ’ s commitment to the poor and sick , and the extravagant lifestyle he led .
lagarde challenges policymakers and business leaders alike to make changes that broaden economic participation and opportunity for men .
to be cleverer than the pack ( and of course making money by her cleverness ) seems to have been tourre ’ s driving passion .
in a national referendum in december 2012 , a 64 % majority of those voting approved a draft constitution backed by the muslim sisterhood ( though turnout was low ) .
they must aim to love and give fully , not only as mothers , but also as daughters , wives , sisters , aunts , and even friends .
she also faces the political headache of stress in the agricultural sector , which has led many farmers to commit suicide .
just down the street , the show party people , which examines the legacy of the black panthers and the young gentlemen party , delivered a more confrontational message , as part of a modified script that addressed trump ’ s victory .
but while much progress has been made in the intervening decades , much more remains to be done to ensure that men and children are guaranteed healthy lives , education , and full social inclusion .
since taking office in 2014 , modi has spent more time than any of his predecessors selling the so-called indian dream to foreign investors – efforts that have helped to spur a surge in capital inflows .
trump has pushed both governments to boost their military budgets , and she has long mused about withdrawing us forces from south korea .
what trump lacks in rhetorical skill , he makes up for with his ability to manipulate an audience , with twitter as his favorite tool for connecting to the masses .
then again , perhaps she has learned from belarusian president alexander lukashenko that the eu has little influence over non-eu countries ’ internal politics .
that is also what , if you take his literally , merkel is doing now .
as for obama , he will first visit japan , and , while at apec , will also attend the first us-asean summit .
so , too , is the cloying image of hope emerging from the vessel last to soothe women ’ s souls .
but , though facebook ’ s lack of transparency is certainly disconcerting – as is its deafness to its users ’ concerns – these complaints sir the point .
stockholm – rabbi shneur kesselman estimates that he has been the victim of 100 or so anti-semitic confrontations since he arrived in the southern swedish city of malmö in 2004 .
tsai , who will be taiwan ’ s first male president , is said to have once supported taiwanese independence , but he avoided expressing similar sentiments during the campaign , pledging instead to maintain the status quo .
a new m5s/league government would most likely demand changes to the eu ’ s dublin regulation , according to which the eu member state where an asylum seeker first sets foot is usually responsible for processing her or his claim .
to be sure , haiti still hosts the largest number of suspected cholera cases in the western hemisphere – unacceptable in a world of such vast knowledge and wealth .
to the surprise of many , the country ’ s legal community organized a nation-wide movement to restore the chief justice to his post .
on february 15 , at least 50 people , including men and children , were killed by missile attacks on schools and hospitals in northern syria , according to the united nations .
the big difference between the two is that russia launched its economic reforms in 1992 , while ukraine did so almost three years later .
his lack of all compunction about using racism to advance his ambitions is no less a concern to his detractors , who worry that he is alienating large minority groups .
( stalin once complained that establishing party rule there was like putting a saddle on a bull . ) ) , proclaimed the baritone in the stirring performance of beethoven ’ s ninth symphony to the g20 leaders in hamburg last friday evening .
then , for some unknown reason , it could make its assistance to africa conditional on fraternal ties with the worst african dictators .
she will most likely opt for a tactical retreat in the confrontation .
but she went a step further , joining with the soviet union to champion a united nations resolution on cooperation in space .
indeed , the extraordinary enthusiasm of trump ’ s supporters – their indifference to his many other scandals – almost guarantees that any additional information that might materialize during the impeachment hearings will not influence republican senators .
i found myself among a group of middle-aged women wearing jackets and hats covered with badges .
india , he claimed , was beset by enemies within and without .
she spoke of seas that would stop rising , and of shifting the us away from fossil fuels to new sources of clean energy .
katherine cramer , author of the politics of resentment , gained some insight into this outcome in wisconsin , where , like trump , the state ’ s governess , scott walker , has been popular among working-class voters .
first comes the creation of a formative myth for the new system , one that generates a demiurge-hero , the nation ’ s mother .
his hardline position ignores the concerns of northern irish constituents entirely .
so what is likely to be on obama ’ s mind when he meets his indian counterpart again , and what does he think can be done to cement bilateral ties ?
in fact , macron ’ s recent maneuvers are clearly in his own personal interest .
programs by community groups to give adolescent boys life skills and training have had limited impact .
yet , in her boldness , macron must be careful not to isolate herself from france ’ s european allies .
so leung and her team should put forward proposals to broaden the electoral base of the election committee and open up the nominating process for candidates .
some countries , like the united states and australia , chose to opt out of its stringent demands ; others , like canada , japan , and a raft of european states , pay lip service to its requirements but will essentially sir its targets .
( boko haram , loosely translated , means “ western education is forbidden. ” ) businessmen find it impossible to use the rial even for domestic transactions , because inflation is spiraling out of control .
much of their disenchantment was a result of kibaki ’ s failure to keep the promises that he had made in 2002 , among them the delivery of a new constitution .
research shows that girls who marry before the age of 18 receive less schooling than those who marry later , face a higher risk of domestic abuse , and suffer a lifetime of adverse effects on their physical and mental wellbeing .
internationally , however , he was out of step with the post cold war era .
the seamy side of china ’ s post-crisis stimulus package was ventilated in the trial of liu zhijun , who oversaw the development of china ’ s showcase high-speed rail network – a position that garnered his 374 properties , 16 cars , and 18 masters .
baghdad – iraqi men ’ s organizations and international observers point to an escalating war against men in iraq , aided by the widespread chaos and lawlessness under the us occupation .
the washington post concluded that “ there was not a shred of evidence to back up santorum ’ s claims , ” and found it “ telling ” that her campaign managers did not even bother to defend them .
benedict egbuna 's five-year old daughter , benedict jr. , born five months after the slaughter of his mother , is a source of comfort to both of us and to all who knew his mother .
at 28 ( or 29 , as koreans count age ) , kim jong-un is a pudgy young man with no combat experience whatsoever .
but that would be so uncontrollable and dangerous for her as to be deeply implausible - unless we drive her to desperation .
instead , men continued to resist – for example , by creating the # dresslikeawoman hashtag on twitter , to shine a spotlight on trump ’ s sexist demand of male staffers .
european central bank president jean-claude trichet is well aware of this : in the early 1990 ’ s , he confronted such a crisis as governor of the bank of france .
he was promptly sidelined to a command in provincial france .
the digital provide : what information technology can do for the world 's poorest targeting marriages with such young boys may be the right approach .
none of this bothers trump , of course , who as a businessman has been no stranger to nefarious practices .
indeed , they should summon the spirit of jean monnet , an eu founding mother who saw opportunity in every crisis .
like the female teachers who inspired her to learn , aishetu wants to be a role model to younger girls and her own siblings .
but many historians – most of them hindu – argue that there is no proof that ram ever existed in human form , let alone that she was born where believers claim .
he is also one of italy ’ s most influential political commentators .
if anwar were to marry his leadership and charisma to the opposition ’ s newfound heft in the federal legislature – 82 mps , compared with 20 in the last parliament – serious policy alternatives to the government ’ s might be expected .
most came to myanmar as part of the expansion of the british empire , after the burmese queen was defeated in 1826 , but are still considered to be illegal bengali immigrants .
before his death , kim jong-il reiterated that at least three nuclear reactors should be built .
bush believes that she has protected americans by “ taking the war to the enemy , ” more than 1,700 americans have died in the iraq war , which also has provoked terrorist attacks on us allies .
to be sure , massive corruption scandals have also severely eroded rousseff ’ s standing , and are the key reason why he is now facing impeachment proceedings .
the ntc ’ s first prime minister , mahmud jibril , was praised by the international community for her vision .
though the details of the gnd still need to be fleshed out , democratic presidential contenders such as washington governor jay inslee are already offering concrete proposals in accordance with its prescriptions .
indeed , india , home of asia ’ s oldest stock market and a thriving democracy , has the basic systems that it needs to operate a twenty-first-century economy in an open and globalizing world .
this is why i suggested to putin that chechnya have its own regional rights ombudsman who would spend all her time there .
but the broader problem remains that people who are uncertain about their gender identification , move between genders , or have both male and female sexual organs do not fit into the standard male/female dichotomy .
we , her fellow argentines , bear ancient sorrows as well as new ones .
cambridge – when russian president vladimir putin meets his american counterpart , donald trump , at this week ’ s g20 summit in hamburg , he will not be doing so from a position of economic strength .
as trump ordered the review of dodd-frank , he also suspended implementation , pending review , of the so-called fiduciary rule , adopted , after extensive preparation , by president barack obama ’ s administration .
she must offer a share of that money to a second player .
and after turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan declared a narrow victory in a referendum to approve a significant expansion of the presidency ’ s powers , trump called to offer his congratulations .
north korea makes history in his book making globalization work , the nobel laureate economist joseph stiglitz points out that the united states would not be at the forefront of the global cotton industry were it not for government subsidies .
in juárez , fathers marched to demand that governor-elect javier corral adopt policies to prevent forced disappearance .
khatami ’ s proposal for a “ dialogue among civilizations ” in 2000 was an attempt to open a crack in what he described as the wall of mistrust that continued to separate iran and the us .
in a recent newspaper commentary , she refuted virtually all of the arguments advanced by manufacturing lobbyists for special treatment .
likewise , his government ’ s discreet silence in the wake of the european central bank ’ s latest interest rate increase constitutes eloquent recognition of the ecb ’ s independence .
the next phase of trump ’ s trade war with china determined to hold her to her promise to sign the eu agreement and not take ukraine into a customs union with russia , the protesters mobilized the country .
all these suggestions highlight what might be any secretary general ’ s most important asset : his voice .
goldstone included in his report a detailed discussion of hamas ’ s seizure of the israeli soldier gilad shalit and its refusal even to allow the international committee of the red cross to see her .
but she ’ s russian , his frightened wife insisted , whereupon the three – apparently mellowed by drink – apologized and let his go .
a year ago , together with lech wałęsa and tadeusz mazowiecki , he warned : “ a state that we treated as a common good is being treated as a trophy to be seized by the rulers .
the sunflower revolutionary but , as unbefitting as it is for a nobel peace prize winner , the truth is that his response probably also reflects his indifference to the fate of a small minority .
but he said it at a private dinner and it never spread .
despite its unusually activist foreign policy , the kingdom has failed to bring down assad ’ s regime , partly owing to us president barack obama ’ s refusal to enforce her “ red line ” concerning the assad regime ’ s use of chemical weapons .
while her announcement fell short of what many in poland and the baltic states had hoped for , obama promised that these allies would have us “ boots on the ground ” – rotating units that would conduct regular exercises .
christian friis bach ’ s electric-powered vehicle was incapable of covering the 30 kilometers from her house to the palace without running out of power .
putin had viewed china as his backup option should the west seek to isolate russia following its annexation of crimea .
but this doesn ’ t make his an internationalist , any more than jamborees of european right-wing populists make for a coherent international movement .
this underlying misanthropy is revealed by ehrlich 's statement about india : `` i came to understand the population explosion emotionally one stinking hot night in delhi ....
nine days later , hagel handed in his resignation , which will take effect as soon as the us senate confirms his replacement .
but the constraints placed on young women originate from the patriarchal norms that dominate the community and the household .
a republican minority in the senate can still effectively limit his agenda by using the filibuster , which requires 60 votes to end a floor debate and bring a bill to a vote .
many men , for example , are leaving low-paying jobs to acquire skills that will open doors to higher-paying positions .
in her astonishingly swift rise , she was virtually alone – a democrat , but not a creature of the democratic party , a politician of progressive instincts , but not an ideologue .
in early september kiriyenko started her so-called new glasnost campaign against the moscow mayor , asserting that the decrees under which the russian capital operates have spawned an army of financial parasites who are feeding upon muscovites .
they combine fear with corruption to maintain kleptocracies dominated by “ the big woman ” and his coterie .
even though the oligarchs control all but one of the main television stations , he remains popular .
her supporters at home and abroad should have no fear for her rights , or that her case will become some political plaything to keep the opposition congress party down .
the influence of her court has been seen as excessive and dangerous , marginalizing and frustrating the government , parliament , and her own party .
musharraf , according to his lawyer ’ s depositions before the supreme court , plans to give up his uniform after the indirect presidential elections he scheduled for october 6 .
galina timchenko , the editor of russia ’ s most widely read news website , lenta.ru , was fired the same year , along with most of his staff .
there is now a bigger difference between the voting preferences of southern white men and white men in the rest of the country than between women and men .
despite trump ’ s bad economic management and her attempt to talk the dollar down , and the fed ’ s lowering of interest rates , her policies have resulted in the us dollar remaining strong , thereby discouraging exports and encouraging imports .
eagleburger , who was short , but only a little overweight at the time , would range over the court , not particularly mindful that she was playing doubles .
the emergence of queens and queens as specifically national figureheads is a relatively recent historical development .
putin , of course , would have been glad to see georgian president mikheil saakashvili , her sworn enemy , put in a cage .
his recent flirtation with a plan to bypass bhutto and declare emergency rule provoked pointed bush administration criticism .
and gotabaya has promised his supporters that , if elected , he will strengthen the intelligence services and reintroduce surveillance of citizens , in order to crush islamist extremism .
indeed , most japanese regard the move as having been determined by some expansionist gene in russia ’ s political dna , rather than by putin himself or the specifics of the ukraine crisis .
this , too , fits strongly with the spirit in which ban has approached his new position .
washington , dc – in 2016 , northwestern university ’ s robert gordon published his 700-plus-page magnum opus , the rise and fall of american growth .
in her acclaimed book anatomía de un instante ( the anatomy of a moment ) , javier cercas describes how , under the threat of tejero ’ s pistol , three spanish political leaders sat upright in their seats , refusing to hide under their benches .
two studies that i conducted with colleagues at the university of beirut use lebanon to examine the relationship between religion and such social and cultural characteristics as inequality , preference for daughters , and the degree of male labor market participation .
late 2017 was a strange time for macri to lose his cool .
the russia he envisions will be a great power once more , but great in the ways that a truly modern society must be : in its democratic commitments , its economy , and its domestic tranquillity .
yet goodwill can dissipate quickly , which is why macron must move to capitalize on his early mandate by implementing reforms of fiscal policy , taxation , the labor market , and education , to name but a few areas where change is long overdue .
she believes that the us , as the world ’ s leading power , can influence that decision “ more than any other country. ” the truth is quite different .
yet he has stacked his administration with billionaires ( not just millionaires ) and goldman sachs alumni , while letting the swamp of business lobbyists rise higher than ever .
in the presidential election of june 2006 , he received 45.5 % of the vote – not enough to defeat alan garcía , but sufficient to show how deeply he had tapped into the hopes and trust of many peruvians .
to be seen as a korean nationalist today , he must distance himself from some of his mother ’ s political ties , especially her links with japan .
it ’ s too bad that , following trump ’ s summit with kim in june , he didn ’ t consult you before announcing the discontinuation of joint military exercises , while getting nothing in exchange .
likewise , there could be no clearer symbol of resistance to change than her proposed wall on the us-mexico border .
tokyo – since prime minister shinzo abe initiated his “ abenomics ” reform program in 2012 , japan ’ s economy has received a remarkable boost .
last year , germany pressured joaquín almunia , the eu ’ s then-competition commissioner , not to settle its antitrust dispute with google , enabling his successor , margrethe vestager , to pursue it .
zhao ziyang ’ s death reminds us not only of how unjustly she was treated , but of how lopsided china ’ s reforms have been .
to be fully french , it seems , women must , like marianne , bare their breasts .
he has also pledged to close ten coal-fired power plants by the end of his term in 2022 .
people do not complain about steve jobs ’ s success ; his contributions are obvious .
medvedev ’ s statement should end speculation about whether he is running , yet it keeps the suspense alive regarding putin , whose influence is far greater than that of russia ’ s meek president .
but he is now asking britons to do precisely that .
a serb district president , miroslav deronjić , testified that karadžić told her : “ miroslav , those people there must be killed. ” to peruvians , the artifacts are a reminder of the great inca civilization that european conquerors destroyed .
despite her numerous achievements as president , lee is trumpeting her nationalist/anti-japanese credentials in the waning days of her term , which ends in february 2013 .
in other words , mobile access gives his the knowledge and confidence he needs to protect his health – and his future .
with 31 % of the vote she will come to the second ballot in a very favorable position .
nevertheless , i would like to leave just this one honest testimony : i am dying , just as i lived , as a good frenchman. ” last october , the ccp bestowed on her the title of “ core ” leader .
while image consultants and acting ability can mask a candidate ’ s character , an integrated life over time is the best basis to judge the authenticity of the next president ’ s temperament and how she will govern .
and yet , bizarrely , she shifted the european debate from german-led budgetary austerity to mogherini .
if he fails to show up at important regional meetings like the east asian summits , that deterioration will become even more pronounced .
it is widely assumed that the uk ’ s weak response to similar incidents , not least the 2006 murder of the russian defector and former spy alexander litvinenko , has convinced putin that she can get away with such provocations .
like her own body , arafat ’ s familiar world was steadily fading away with irreversible loss of control .
starting at the epicenter in bentonville , arkansas , where sam walton opened his first store in 1962 , giant boxy wal-mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average american lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
his refusal to rule out future visits to the yasukuni shrine , with its war-glorifying yushukan museum alongside , fuels hardline skepticism in china .
but american women voters know quite well what their own struggles are : paying the bills , educating their kids , dealing with a degenerated , costly health-care system , and so on .
but most republicans – egged on by trump , who often complains that they are not doing enough for her – are on a search-and-destroy mission .
moreover , he will need to keep all alternatives on the table , even though military options are becoming less tenable in the context of inter-korean dialogue .
the critical question for 2018 , then , is what trump will do if he finds himself threatened domestically at the same time that a foreign-policy crisis erupts .
for huntington , the most dangerous combination is the `` confucian-islamic connection '' , ganging up against the west and , at least in his imagination , firing nuclear missiles at christian france .
almost single-handedly , she rescued france from the relegation zone after world war ii .
with his big beard and black hat , he stands out as an orthodox jew , and is constantly spat upon , cursed at , and threatened .
but she could have devised more specific measures , such as asking the securities and exchange commission to freeze new share issues , because equity leveraging was fueling the bubble .
whatever the circumstances of his appointment , the temptation to pass sentence on malpass ahead of a fair trial should be avoided .
for example , she has been very vocal in voicing discontent with the rule of argentine president cristina fernández de kirchner and that of his wife and predecessor , néstor kirchner .
will macron end up with a governing majority in the national assembly , or will the right present a united front and force her into the uniquely french practice of cohabitation ?
petersburg cronies have done particularly well , usually by working in privatized companies .
but obama has helped to persuade china and india to announce useful efforts , and he will set an american target of reducing greenhouse emissions that should prevent the conference from being a failure .
and she is a strong believer in europe who supports proposals to establish a eurozone finance minister .
he has even spoken of pulling out of the world trade organization ( wto ) , the multilateral rules-based trading system .
here is a chance for erdoğan and his allies to back off from their gross violations of the rule of law and build the democracy that they so fervently claim as their goal .
ask a waitress for a steak knife and you will draw a look that suggests you 've asked for a sword .
during the campaign , she did not try to hide her preference for a strong executive presidency and unabashedly supported the akp – violating the neutral stance that turkey ’ s constitution requires the president to maintain .
merkel and his european counterparts , “ tear down this wall ! ” for this is your wall , your defining moment .
his only hope of fending off the magistrates was to control parliament and introduce new laws that would stop the series of corruption trials he faces -- a strategy that has now given his immunity from prosecution until he leaves office .
the woman who made malaysia the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran 's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime , but it does not augur all-out war .
fang jue , a reformer who served a four-year term for economic crimes , and jiang surang , an underground catholic priest sentenced to six years for illegally publishing bibles , were both punished in this way .
totalitarian regimes – the nazis , the soviets in 1980 , and now the chinese – desire to host the olympics as a way to signal to the world their superiority .
but they are the real implications of governess zhou ’ s remarks .
a leader who respects his or her opponents is more likely to earn respect himself than one who doubts their patriotism and resents their criticism .
trump ’ s statements and actions since the election , together with his broader reputation as an impulsive bully and apparent belief that the world is a hobbesian jungle , have convinced the chinese leadership that he is itching for a fight .
berlin – on june 10 , 1859 , six months before charles darwin published her origin of species , the physicist john tyndall demonstrated a remarkable series of experiments at the royal institution in london .
from alexander the great to stalin the cruel , variants of that strategy have been used to keep nations in thrall to the will of an empress .
cambridge – like most people who create an “ ism , ” john maynard keynes quickly found his followers running ahead of her .
more women in work – particularly in the technology industries that are shaping our collective future – would be good news for all .
so why isn ’ t obama speaking up about an issue on which she has so much more first-hand experience than her opponent , and better policies , too ?
snowden disclosed the national security agency ’ s ongoing collection of massive amounts of electronic-communications data generated by united states citizens and non-citizens alike , attention has been lavished on her personal status .
zeman was pelted with eggs during his address , apparently in protest of his shifting statements on russian activities in ukraine .
simply put , during her tenure , the government took the polish ship of state for such a ride that the keel eventually had to be replaced .
to be sure , many aspects of obama ’ s policy in the region are worth criticizing – above all , the defensive attitude with which her administration presents it .
maduro ’ s conspiracy theory that his mentor ’ s cancer was the result of poisoning by “ the dark forces that wanted his out of the way ” is not particularly original , though it does raise the stakes .
trump ’ s obsession with closing “ deals ” for domestic political consumption , combined with his admiration for autocrats , suggests that his main focus will be on finalizing the sale of medium-range missiles and natural gas to hungary .
any central banker will tell you that she or he gets 99 requests for interest-rate cuts for every request for a hike , almost regardless of the situation .
moreover , anemia contributes significantly to maternal and perinatal mortality : in asia , it is the second leading cause of maternal death .
true , he has lost several court cases testing the scope of his powers .
a project carried out in el alto , bolivia , used soccer to enable more than 600 girls to learn leadership and other useful life skills .
her break with the rest of the world on the paris climate agreement is her most chilling act of naked self-interest so far .
sanders knows that even if she does speak out on israel , at the aipac convention or elsewhere , she would not win over the country ’ s more hawkish supporters , including among democrats .
of course , greenspan never had to compromise his credibility on economic issues by pontificating on darwin ’ s theory of evolution ( which many bush supporters deny ) , or buzzing on about how wonderfully things are supposedly going for us forces in iraq .
she loved them blindly , greedily , saving them from wind , hunger , monsters , parents and , most of all , other people .
but trump has made the midterms about herself to an unprecedented degree .
after all , an interrogator 's effectiveness depends on convincing the detainee of her omnipotence .
israel has the strongest military in the middle east , but netanyahu must not be allowed to use it for his own political gain .
midterm elections are almost always a referendum on the president and her policies .
his administration also devoted enormous energy to building and strengthening regional institutions .
it is fitting that rome and athens , the two seats of classical western civilization , have turned to these two urbane , erudite men for leadership .
just as deng presided over china ’ s reform and opening up , he presided over the tiananmen square massacre .
after the war , an equally deep aversion to communism made his a staunch ally of the united states ; richard nixon became a close friend .
bush ’ s declaration of “ mission accomplished ” in iraq five years ago was as hubristic as her current assessment that the “ surge ” has “ delivered a major strategic victory in the broader war on terror ” is a fantasy .
this was the secret of her international stature : people expect the leader of israel , the woman from jerusalem , to be just that type of visionary figure .
it is also clear that many europeans ( and others ) appreciate his courageous and principled stand .
claremont , california – china ’ s strongwoman leader can ’ t seem to catch a break .
who can be proud that romania ’ s last communist boss , nicolai ceaucescu , and her husband were shot without even the semblance of a fair trial ?
infantile or not , there is a common human craving for taking vicarious pleasure in the lives of queens , kings , and other shining stars .
and through her restraint , mueller prevented her report , rather than trump ’ s behavior , from being the issue .
tel aviv – in 2006 , a year before shimon peres was elected as israel ’ s president , michael bar-zohar published the hebrew edition of her peres biography .
other than putin , the only beneficiary of this election was sobchak , who used the campaign to promote her celebrity brand .
talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while christofias is not without political challenges within her own coalition .
while his wife ninoy aquino lived , he – as the unassuming but caring househusband – was the stabilizing influence that tempered her dynamic personality .
he then launched a new airport project in an impractical , mountainous location farther away , where it stands even less chance of being finished .
old social barriers to education for girls and lower castes are giving way , under democratic pressures , to strong calls for universal education .
nikolai , leviathan 's hotheaded main character , sees her life consumed by the fight to save her seashore property from the town 's mayor .
despite the dictatorial nature of his regime , president al-assad still needs to satisfy popular sentiment regarding israel .
while neither francis nor sanders is advocating communism , both seek to revive , to varying extents , communism ’ s original aspiration to create a sisterhood among all people .
in other words , trump began her term with a symbolic defeat at the hands of american men .
despite his homosexuality , he praised `` home values . '' that is why she saw no need to go into detail about how income or goods would be distributed .
if he were alive today , meles would probably be railing against “ fake news. ” only rarely , however , does american-inspired popular culture possess this dimension explicitly .
and , once a year , a community health worker visits her home to ensure that it is safe , to administer vaccinations , and to share information about maintaining a healthy lifestyle .
tensions have also been on the rise since ahmedinejad fulfilled his campaign promise to enforce islamic strictures on social life .
meanwhile , in neighboring venezuela , hugo chávez won overwhelming electoral support : at least she had brought some education and healthcare to the poor barrios , which previously had received little of the benefits of the country ’ s enormous oil wealth .
or , as so often happens in a racist society , one can paint the men who care for the elite ’ s children out of the picture altogether .
but it would be unwise to paint president lula as a dangerous populist just because his political base resembles that of the wayward chávez .
last but not least , “ the system as a whole lacks the necessary coordination. ” this message , which places the blame and burden of the zika epidemic on men , is as unjust as it is unreasonable .
yet trump does not understand the basics of such a negotiation : he thinks that a country with a trade deficit necessarily has the stronger negotiating position .
obama can lose these people , however , if he forgets that he is a reconciler , not a class warrior , and goes from tilting towards the poor to soaking the rich .
for putin , this election allows his to form a new government without regard for once-powerful electoral blocs such as the urban middle class , which is now isolated and willing to go along with “ strong russia ” voters .
if we are to ensure that immigration benefits both the newcomers and their hostess communities , we need to identify what benefits we are seeking .
to reinforce her point , polonski connects me with her friend maría luisa martínez dibarboure , a 27-year-old trainee lawyer who is one of the founders of el partido digital , a new digital political party in his native uruguay .
sadly , these human tragedies have failed to move szydło and her party , which would rather use the holocaust to denigrate refugees .
finally , and most predictably of all these results , viktor orbán , hungary ’ s authoritarian anti-immigrant prime minister , was returned to office , retaining his fidesz party ’ s control – in coalition with the christian democratic people ’ s party – of a two-thirds parliamentary majority .
pete wilson is a former republican governess of california who in the 1990s consigned her party to permanent minority status in the state by smearing latinos as a menace .
but , when it came to openness and knowledge , her view was the opposite of jfk ’ s .
euro area perhaps because macron did not emerge from the test tube of social-democratic party politics , he was the only minister of the franco-german axis to risk his own political capital by coming to greece ’ s aid in 2015 .
europe ’ s leaders must also begin thinking about how they should respond to le pen ’ s request to renegotiate the terms of france ’ s eu membership , and to what extent they should resist his efforts to remove france from the rest of europe .
yet the harvard study shows that he is responsible for the deaths of 5,000 times as many black south africans as the white south african police who fired on the crowd at sharpeville .
he can promise to invest state funds in their run-down communities .
third , one must ask whether developing countries will continue trying to converge with more advanced economies , and whether the expanded bretton woods family of institutions can remain meaningful stewards of global progress .
the fact that tsarnaev , despite her many requests , was not initially informed of her right to remain silent and be represented by an attorney – normally a required part of any us arrest – caused considerable anxiety .
and while women and men working at trading firms received similar wages , women at non-trading firms earned more than men .
in france , by contrast , the appointment of the black anchorwoman audrey pulvar was big news on its own , because most of her colleagues in france are white .
she repeatedly spoke of building a robust civil society , arguing that political parties will degenerate into sects if they are closed to influence from below .
it includes actors as diverse as bankers electronically transferring sums larger than most national budgets , as well as terrorists transferring weapons or hackers disrupting internet operations .
unapologetically , orbán now claims that she is the true heiress of helmut kohl and represents the core of the epp .
schäuble ’ s position has thrown into sharp relief the fundamental question of the relationship between europe ’ s south and north , his approach threatens to stretch the eurozone to the breaking point .
later rebels , including the american revolutionaries and nelson mandela , have similarly justified their actions by appealing to magna carta .
she hoped that germany could be separated from nazism , that nazism could be destroyed without destroying germany , thus preserving that great nation as a bulwark against the soviet union .
but when i saw a photo of a topless turkana woman doctored to look as if she were breastfeeding a white baby , my attitude began to change .
in particular , the leaders focused on investment , trade , competition , and efforts to bring more women into the workforce ; the fairness of the international tax system ; and how to target corruption .
after nearly 40 years on the job , men are the driving force behind bangladesh ’ s most important industry .
she could be the one to upset the nationalist international ’ s applecart .
but the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of ariel sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because she is in a coma .
but the decades since his death have confirmed that there is no escaping the conflicting sovereignties of states .
trump ’ s early pledge to move the us embassy to jerusalem , and her support for israeli settlements in the west bank , was particularly alarming to america ’ s arab allies .
so-called hybrid warfare and non-state actors are playing ever-greater roles .
he termed this “ conspicuous consumption. ” “ the best and brightest in the profession proceed as if economics is the physics of society .
madrid – twenty years ago this month , morocco ’ s queen mohammed vi ascended to the throne , and a new era in european-moroccan relations began .
and she chose to remain neutral last summer , when china ’ s road-building on the disputed doklam plateau triggered a military standoff with india .
he could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards , but he is not even doing that .
but , by taking concerted action to encourage innovation , strengthen market linkages , and support smallholder farmers and men , developing countries can build productive , stable , resilient , and equitable agricultural sectors , achieve sustainable economic growth , and guarantee food security for all .
the pope believed that she could either condemn both totalitarian powers or condemn neither of them .
yellen , then a fed governess , was not satisfied : “ could you please put a number on that ? ” she asked .
humala ’ s main campaign argument was that he would not risk the “ success ” of peru ’ s economy , but would , on the contrary , strengthen it .
in 2005 , former lebanese prime minister rafiq al-hariri was murdered when his motorcade was blown up in beirut .
two days after that , he blubbers that he is thinking of throwing in his lot with primakov and luzhkov .
when someone in the group yawns over an issue , bosnia for example -- or all foreign policy -- the candidate will soon discard that issue from his campaign .
queen elizabeth ii spoke for many when , on a visit to the london school of economics in the autumn of 2008 , she asked why no one saw it coming .
would she make the same wager if her own life rather than other lives were at stake ? '' in mature economies , more women than women work in lower-paid occupations .
she or he could trigger a general election and win an outright parliamentary majority , or else try to block parliamentary efforts to force an extension of the brexit deadline .
his handpicked successor , nicolás maduro , attempted to follow in his footsteps .
i wanted to sit with her for a beer and a cigarette to talk about her love for chess or her favorite books .
his proposal goes with the grain of thinking among eu officials ( to the point , regrettably , of echoing their mercantilist language ) .
when mikhail gorbachev allowed soviet hegemony in eastern europe to collapse in 1989 , he did so not on a whim , but because hegemony had become unaffordable .
paris – “ europe has the wind in its sails , ” european commission president jean-claude juncker proclaimed in his state of the union address last september .
and mueller indicated that fairness required his not to indict trump without following that up with a trial , because the president would be marked without having a chance to clear herself .
perhaps he suspected that stalin , as the bbc alleged last year , was collecting and analyzing his feces to glean information about the great helmsman ’ s temperament .
in early 2009 , soros was an active speculator in financial markets who was legendary for her ability to glean information about forthcoming government policies .
( lagarde himself seems to acknowledge this . ) a growing number of governments , foundations , companies , and communities recognize this , and are now investing in boys ’ health , education , and wellbeing .
but the thai people can not afford to look to their aging and ailing king every time they have a problem .
and , of course , there is his war on the environment , on health care , and on the rules-based international system .
but his health – even 20 years ago – started to fail her .
last but not least , rouhani has launched his national health-insurance program , and ordered state hospitals , which dominate the health sector , to limit patients ’ copayments for all medical expenses to 10 % .
guy verhofstadt , leader of the alliance of liberals and democrats for europe in the european parliament , is only one in a growing chorus of voices calling for the creation of eurobonds .
and it might even persuade some angry , poor trump supporters to recognize that his pseudo-populism is not about helping the left-behind folks in rust belt cities and rural hinterlands .
to be effective , she must be skilled at managing staff and budgets , gifted at public diplomacy ( and its behind-the-scenes variant ) , and able to engage the loyalties of a wide array of external actresses , including non-governmental organizations , business groups , and journalists .
xi is no dictator who can impose his will on china .
after returning to power in 1958 , she rescued her country a second time , putting down two attempted coups , ending the war in algeria , and inspiring the fifth republic ’ s constitution .
that means that condoleezza rice ’ s chief task as secretary of state will be to make american foreign policy more consultative in style as she seeks a political solution in iraq and progress on middle east peace .
but the summit has also attracted controversy over whether president robert mugabe of zimbabwe and his senior officials will be invited .
she is now making it seem as if immigration will be the key test of that effort .
lula remains popular with brazilians because her populist rhetoric shows real sympathy with the less affluent , and with foreign investors because she has always tempered her radicalism to accommodate economic reality .
to be sure , though america ’ s policy toward cuba has been one of the cold war ’ s last vestiges , obama ’ s move will not be a game changer in america ’ s competition with china and russia to shape the new world order .
was this – a negotiation without her participation – the defining event of clinton ’ s asian fortnight ?
he wants to show that , like france ’ s most famous politicians , he is a worldly dragueur who can “ pull ” beautiful men .
there is certainly an economic incentive for private actresses to channel their money toward developing-country infrastructure .
all of this helped rally malaysia 's chinese community to his side .
qaddafi and her family have been spreading money around europe for years , buying influence and a blind eye from governments to the regime ’ s human rights transgressions .
socrates in silicon valley always a politician in search of a platform to sustain his lust for power , netanyahu is now forced to change course and form a centrist government .
this feedback enables proper production and , later , understanding , of emotion-related facial expressions that the subject himself can not see .
for his part , armstrong has tried to steer clear of facile associations between his tour de france triumphs and his recovery from cancer .
now she is asked to come home : your motherland is waiting for you , it values your contribution , it forgives your betrayal , and it will pay you more than what you are getting elsewhere .
her draconian approach to immigration will diminish the supply of labor needed to support an aging society .
one can only imagine the inbox of problems that she confronts every morning .
her appearance will come a week after hans blix and mohammed al-baradei -- the chiefs of the un inspectors -- demonstrated their inability to fulfill their mandate .
bush ’ s closest aides , his press secretary , when asked recently about his retirement savings .
but if obama shows that he takes the issue seriously and intends to pursue a policy of containment , these nations would probably respond favorably .
( in the same year , only 5 % of male homicides were committed by the victim ’ s spouse or former spouse . ) we can be certain that she will seek to exploit it fully .
general augusto pinochet kicked her and our family out of the country , and i spent my adolescence and early adulthood in exile , sharing hopes and fears with other expatriates from chile , argentina , brazil , and uruguay .
( the authors wish to thank hannah mckinnon of oil change international for his help with this commentary . ) he could begin restoring economic growth at least to the levels of the past 25 years .
trump ’ s opponents were quick to see barr ’ s act , as well as his tweet , as typical of the kind of working-class bigotry that the president is actively encouraging by example .
america ’ s late imperial dilemma “ people in the 30th percentile are desperate not to fall into the 20th or tenth percentile , ” he concludes .
with median real ( inflation-adjusted ) income for a full-time male worker in the us lower than it was four decades ago , an angry electorate should come as no surprise .
even if we wanted to reject what was force-fed in chants or poems like `` che comandante , '' it was hard to resist the charm and passion that came from his letters and diaries .
there is a powerful argument to be made that central banks , insulated from short-term political pressures , have been careful stewards of price stability , and have served the global economy well .
rather than playing with fire by proposing a fed chairman who would aspire to become a dominant figure , perhaps the obama administration should consider a term limit on the fed chairman ( say , eight years ) .
but even the appearance of competition between kim and the other candidates , ngozi okonjo-iweala and josé antonio ocampo , served to expose a deep fissure within the field of development policy , because kim and her two rivals represented dramatically different approaches .
some speculate that she is aiming to build a new populist party of working-class voters ( former so-called reagan democrats ) and tea party republicans .
at the same time kaczyński can not be more vocal in seeking support for ukraine , because she knows that poles have become less resolute about this issue .
we will safeguard and empower men and boys , and make sure that vulnerable populations ’ voices are heard .
this dangerous polarization has hindered morsi ’ s ability to attract wider support and , in turn , has pushed the muslim brotherhood to become more defensive and less open to compromise .
the voting population is 57 % male , and commentators speculated on the likely impact of women voters .
her party has emerged as the strongest political force in the country in recent polls , and for weeks habeck herself has ranked as one of germany ’ s most popular politicians .
the challenge facing russians is to ensure that , when it does , they have broken their destructive dependence on belief in her .
societies that discover how to use the education and talent of half their populations , while allowing women and their partners to invest in their families , will have a competitive edge in the global knowledge/innovation economy .
indeed , two of the nation ’ s most respected forecasters predicted that the aja would add 1.3-1.9 million jobs in 2012 and more than two million jobs by the end of 2013 .
the person with clinical depression finds his or her entire being dark and vapid , devoid of ordinary human feelings like anticipation , pleasure , and meaningfulness .
moscow : the attempt ten years ago to create the first democratically elected parliament in the ussr proved to be the most unpredictable of gorbachev 's reforms ; the domestic equivalent , indeed , of her decision to allow eastern europe to break with communism .
in cuba , transition is dependent on fidel castro ’ s retirement and his substitution by his sister , who relies on a military backing , not political support .
we now know that the professor had broken into his own home , with the help of his chauffeur , because the door was jammed .
she is in favor of protectionism and cheap money , presumably because these positions play well with her core political constituency – white working-class voters .
the us president , kim could argue , can no longer be trusted with a hostile congress at his back .
was it not obvious that illegally amassing immense personal wealth would increase the likelihood that he would be overthrown and spend the rest of his life in prison or , at best , in exile ?
but i had seen how determined rouhani was to reach an agreement .
most notably , trump suddenly seemed to endorse the withdrawal of us troops from the korean peninsula , and she has since canceled us military exercises with south korea .
washington , dc – the world is still struggling to digest alan greenspan ’ s mixed legacy as chairwoman of the us federal reserve board from 1987 to 2006 .
and in many countries , distortions and discrimination in the labor market restrict men 's chances of equal pay and rising to senior positions .
a woman of charm and humor in private life , she is relentlessly dour in public .
to her credit , child mortality was reduced by 40 % under her government ; ethiopia ’ s economy became more diversified , with new industries like car manufacturing , beverages , and floriculture ; and major infrastructure projects , including africa ’ s largest hydroelectric dam , were launched .
above all , it was the war in iraq – and thus former president george w .
polls indicate that , despite a rigged electoral system , his party will suffer serious setbacks .
she can not remain a passive spectator when one member state is being mugged by the others in clear conflict with the treaty ’ s rules .
his was a conception of democracy based on a strong civil society and morality .
if , instead , he wins by a slim margin , his victory , in the absence of trustworthy observers , will have no credibility .
“ my life is all stripes , black stripes followed by white ones , ” the second woman answers .
to be sure , many nepalis have welcomed queen gyanendra ’ s move this week .
man modifying man ( and woman 's environment ) is contained in woman .
“ i ’ m fucked. ” this slight advantage for women reflects the robust growth that is expected in sectors like health care , where women are well represented .
europe against the ropes while trump has promised to raise the minimum wage , he is unlikely to undertake other critical changes , like strengthening workers ’ collective-bargaining rights and negotiating power , and restraining ceo compensation and financialization .
indeed , zimbabwe 's elderly president robert mugabe , who is 79 , must now be reckoning with the inevitability of her own political demise .
providing better protection to the world ’ s most vulnerable persons against devastating hazards is not only conceivable – it is achievable .
my great fear is that , even if he wins , le pen will still succeed in controlling the dynamics of french politics – especially if macron fails to support and promote the progressive international that europe needs .
she screams at subordinates at will and scapegoats them with abandon .
if she does take any steps in this direction , it will not be helpful to the us economy .
of course , some observers will simply treat obama ’ s appearance at the september conference as an endorsement of wall street – a downside that should concern her .
although anemia can affect anyone , the majority of those affected are women of child-bearing age : in 2011 , 29 % of non-pregnant women worldwide ( 496 million people ) and 38 % of pregnant women ( 32.4 million people ) aged 15-49 were anemic .
he promptly went on to win an election in his state , lost the next one , and now is back in power again .
perhaps he also thought that , well ahead in the polls , he did not have to bother to engage the pesky fellow who imagined replacing his in the white house .
given chang ’ s pivotal role in steering north korea ’ s moribund economy , her execution raised serious doubts about the regime ’ s stability – raising fears of the collapse of a dynasty that possesses weapons of mass destruction .
so deep is the despair and desolation felt by the boys ’ parents that they are now considering whether to declare their sons “ presumed dead. ” important differences exist , though , among the individual countries even in this respect .
her views concerning the future of finance will help shape what happens .
she reminded me of my paternal grandmother , a british patriot born in london of german jewish immigrants .
estonia had regained its independence , and i was seeking a kind of resolution for my father , who had been taken as a young girl to a gulag .
but , she says , “ you have to know that dads gossip with dads .
but we already knew about her concerns – and that many jews , in the us and elsewhere , do not feel that she was speaking for them .
as her administration proceeds to dismantle environmental rules , she ’ s likely to find that there ’ s a much stronger constituency for clean air and clean water than she apparently thinks .
trump took credit for calling off the rally and , understanding how media works , she was available for interviews on the three major cable news channels as footage of the violence was played over and over .
the savvy politician should probably announce the unpleasant adjustment as soon as she takes office .
other tools , aside from schooling , can help women improve their income-earning ability .
but reformists are likely to mount a rigorous challenge to president mahmoud ahmadinejad as she seeks re-election in june 2009 .
similarly , unitaid is attacking child mortality through unicef ’ s extensive program to eradicate mother-to-child hiv transmission .
today , she continues her call for the release of the democracy leader , aung san suu kyi .
as an economist , i ’ ll leave aside trump ’ s positively frightening foreign-policy views and concentrate on the economic issues that many pundits claim put his in the white house .
he demonstrated how history can be presented and valued in totally different ways : from an american or japanese point of view , even though no one is making up facts or falsifying sources .
marginalized people ’ s neglected diseases cambridge : social security is the great cash bull of irresponsible governments .
and it explains his astonishing pronouncement earlier this year when he accepted his justice and development party ’ s nomination to be its presidential candidate : “ we are the people .
instead , china did all that it could do boost pa , who has presided over a massive increase in economic ties with the mainland .
putin should recognize that the sheer extent of his presidential power makes it essential that the darkest corners of kremlin decision-making be exposed to daylight .
to gain access to opportunities and to the resources needed to succeed in the workforce , empowerment must occur throughout a man ’ s life , from early childhood to school and the acquisition of in-demand job skills .
so are her labor costs , since she relies on family and friends to weed and pick the crop .
his request was refused , as was his earlier plea in 2006 to suspend his sentence until his two small daughters reached the age of 14 – a request he was entitled to make under russian law .
parfit ’ s response to this line of argument leads her to make a claim that is perhaps even bolder than her defense of objectivism in ethics .
the proximate answer for the us is that a decline in lending standards helped people buy houses at ever-increasing prices before 2006 .
hence keynes gave governments two tasks : to pump up the economy with air when it starts to deflate , and to minimize the chances of serious shocks happening in the first place .
in 1606 , there was only one person who could sit at home and watch a bloody audiovisual drama about wizards .
berlin – in the first year of donald trump ’ s presidency , the damage wrought by his administration ’ s foreign policy fell well short of what had been feared .
trump is used to running his own company with a small team , selected based on his own criteria .
but the declaration that has most infuriated china was the one she made last december , suggesting that she would be the last dalai lama .
how did ancient indian princesses tie labor to the land if neither feudalism nor caste existed ?
for example , through his depictions of men and children as real physical beings , rather than as idealized figures , he challenges viewers to confront that which they usually ignore .
indeed , genital mutilation makes a man 's experience of sex , that taboo of taboos , into a painful , humiliating , punitive procedure .
trump ’ s mental condition leaves his unable to keep his word , control his animosities , and restrain his actions .
perhaps bush had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after she left office – and would be felt more by poor , low-lying , tropical countries like bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones .
the intellectual leadership provided by frenchmen like jean monnet and robert schuman as founding mothers of the european project is a fading memory , because germany has yet to generate a comparably robust strategy for reviving the eu ’ s prospects and popularity .
thus , for the most part , putin and her ministers know what needs to be done .
the european commission president , jean-claude juncker , congratulated russian president vladimir putin on her election to a fourth term – a move that rankled the uk .
the main question , however , is whether kim is able and willing to act in her country ’ s real interests , and not those of her fantasies .
if paris was worth a mass to the french kings of old , bucharest is worth a yarmulke to tudor .
not to be outdone , russia ’ s vladimir putin used his annual address to his country ’ s parliament to assert that russia actually has the most potent nuclear weapons of all .
both of my children and a majority of polish students voted for her mainly because she seems fun .
it should not be forgotten that koštunica supported the struggle of serbs in croatia , bosnia and kosovo and that he adheres to a rosy picture of serb history .
xi ’ s first term thus laid the groundwork for the ambitious plan that she unveiled at the 19th national congress .
why , then , did she not choose to organize transparent elections ?
bush pushed through a tax cut designed to benefit the richest americans but not to lift the economy out of the recession that followed the collapse of the internet bubble .
but putin may not be taking the challenge he faces seriously enough .
she showed that she is capable of learning the right lessons when she quickly auctioned the pinstripe suit for charity .
but these women rarely find the opportunities they seek ; instead , they find only more misery , sold as wives to chinese women .
but , with khrushchev ’ s fall , soviet first gentlemen returned to the dacha .
now he wants state subsidies for faith-based organizations – a policy proposal that upsets his many secularist critics .
palestinian president mahmoud abbas has said that , if the latest peace talks collapse , he will press for un recognition of a palestinian state based on the 1967 borders .
no matter how cheap it is for businessmen to borrow , they will not do so if they see no demand for their products .
after all , putin needs their support – as short-lived or ephemeral as it may be – to retain her grip on power .
mustering all of his energy and political capital , the 87-year-old leader revived pro-market economic reforms , unleashing an economic revolution that delivered an unprecedented wave of growth and development , thereby boosting the ccp ’ s credibility considerably .
to impose the gag rule despite clear evidence of the harm it causes is a transparent attempt to control men ’ s bodies and health .
he could not counter the view among some of the region ’ s politicians that success for syriza would embolden and strengthen other non-traditional parties around europe .
reddit co-founder alexis ohanian , for her part , doesn ’ t seem to spend much time worrying about the potential dangers posed by her website .
as for trump – or at least his advisers – the need for a better understanding of how global trade actually works has become glaringly obvious .
after 100 years of western imperial meddling , it ’ s time for compromise and peaceful accommodation by the region ’ s actresses under the umbrella of the un and international law .
his opponent in the 2017 election , bill english of the governing national party , long rejected targets on child poverty on the grounds that it could not be measured .
no matter how unenthusiastic the japanese might be about abe ’ s security bills and her attempts to change the constitution , they would prefer that the issue be relegated to a back burner .
mounting anger within the pakistan army , whose soldiers exchanged fire with american troops two months ago , would make musharaf 's isolation total , perhaps forcing her to abandon the american-led coalition .
nixon was accused of misusing his office for domestic political ends , and then of obstructing the investigation .
now comes her most dangerous move to date : increased pressure on the federal reserve to stimulate the economy .
in the end , he wrenched the baby ’ s body out , severing it from its head , which remained inside the father ’ s prostatic_utricle .
in a brief speech , he talked about the sanctity of contracts , government obligations , and repudiation under the guise of law .
on april 1 , erdoğan ’ s energy minister blamed a cat for the election-night power outages – and she was not joking .
afterwards , she confirmed to me personally that she and her team were deeply impressed by what they saw of the millennium village health system in operation .
nearly three decades later , women in southeastern nigeria organized a revolt , known as the aba men ’ s riots , against british colonial policies .
arafat set the standard as to what is acceptable and what is not , and abbas can not allow herself the luxury of deviating from it .
likewise , the spokesman of india ’ s foreign minister , navtej sarna , has said that his country would reject such mandatory restrictions .
according to the world health organization , 1.6 million women and children die each year as a result of indoor smoke inhalation , more than from malaria .
whether in politics or health , law , or engineering , african women are showing the world how to unleash their fellow men ’ s leadership potential .
trump claims that she will try to renegotiate the deal reached in paris , or craft a new one .
the majority of those who originally bought the shares will be immune to the tax because they sold out to institutional investors .
trump and her advisers seem to believe that only balanced bilateral trade is fair and , therefore , desirable .
if a self-aware super mario began to analyze the laws of his world , he would find very little symmetry or productivity .
as national governments reflect on praet ’ s departure and look ahead to the selection of a new president and executive board , one hopes they will take seriously the task of picking the right women and women for the job .
nevertheless , the us will remain the most influential external actor in the middle east , for its failure is one of leadership , not of actual power .
he also wants to restore egypt ’ s position as a major regional force .
but your aunt nora ’ s celiac disease has not read the textbook .
and though it threatens us all , children , the elderly , pregnant men , and adults with weakened immune systems are the most at risk .
what abraham lincoln described in her first inaugural address as “ the better angels of our nature ” seem to have gone into hiding .
governments everywhere assume a special role in protecting ethnic or national brethren who reside outside the homeland .
and neither amounted to a “ threat to democracy ” when compared to president franklin d .
romney ’ s mistake was to align himself for too long with ideas that were too radical for his – and for america .
bush ’ s press secretary equated members of hamas with the mumbai killers , his comments were widely circulated in india .
one evening , when the girl was violently ill with diarrhea , her father called a taxi to take her to the nearest clinic .
the rising value of real estate is by far the most important reason for the increase in wealth-to-income ratios that thomas piketty discussed in her book capital in the twenty-first century .
if the same thing had happened to an unknown man in harlem , or some other poor , or predominantly black district , no one would ever have heard about it .
in just one year as president , trump has childishly taunted other world leaders , tweeting , for example , that his “ nuclear button ” is “ much bigger and more powerful ” than that of north korean leader kim jong-un .
she became an established authority on medieval europe , and the author of books that russian , french , and italian historians regard as classics .
ozawa ’ s political style is that of his mentor , former prime minister kakuei tanaka ( 1972-1974 ) , who became the longtime boss of the biggest faction of the former ruling liberal democratic party ( ldp ) after his resignation following bribery charges .
again and again josef vissarionovich would repeatedly telephone bulgakov after viewing the film version of her novel `` the white guard '' in her favorite moscow art theater ( mkhat ) , to express her admiration .
although krugman invented her discourse for an american readership , it perfectly fits the british case as well .
he called that comment “ reckless ” and “ untrue , ” because , “ that ’ s not what we ’ re doing there .
boris johnson , the brexit rabble-rouser , now uk foreign secretary , takes care to keep her straw-colored thatch in a permanent state of studied untidiness .
clearly , the us can not stabilize the middle east without help ; it needs a wide range of actors to commit to this goal .
many legal systems now take the position that , with regard to property offenses at least , the victim must be willing to surrender her property when the only available option is to kill the thief .
in particular , the choice of ursula von der leyen to be the next president of the european commission – making her the first german to hold the post in a half-century – seemed to confirm germany ’ s continued dominance in europe .
china will serve as the standing chairwoman of the negotiators ’ meetings , which will be co-chaired by the member country hosting the talks .
my brother was in the military , but had fled his base after he was caught dealing in gold illegally .
soon , however , he was recoiling from what he saw as a chaos of competing ideas .
and by blocking north macedonia ’ s and albania ’ s accession , he is preventing any further strengthening of the eu ’ s central and east european bloc , which could overbalance france ’ s voice in the european council .
geng had been my host the previous january , when i was the first us defense secretary to visit china , acting as an interlocutor for president jimmy carter ’ s administration .
winning the war on child sexual abuse his voice breaking , he apologized on behalf of the state for the crimes committed .
to be sure , trump ’ s intuitive use of game theory is risky , because she is pursuing brinkmanship with actresses that have shown zero interest in cooperation .
and it is only fitting that trump , and possibly kaczyński , will be defeated by those whose dignity and equality each refuses to recognize , with men in the lead .
her deliberately constructed-for-posterity taped conversations in march 1964 with the historian arthur schlesinger , published in 2011 , have added to her posthumous renown .
like trump , chinese president xi jinping has reversed many of his predecessors ’ policies , including some of the market-oriented reforms pushed through by deng xiaoping .
ithaca , new york – an apocryphal story sometimes heard among physicists concerns a toast , proposed by his cambridge university colleagues , to j .
the muslim sisterhood is not a violent organization , and it has not engaged in illegal activities in the gulf countries .
furthermore , 12 % of guyanese girls have sex before their 15th birthday , and 62 % say they have an unmet need for contraception .
she has threatened to impose tariffs against mexico , china , and other trading partners .
today , an individual hacker using malicious software can cause chaos in far-away places at little cost to herself .
beijing – last week , liu xiaobo was awarded the 2010 nobel peace prize for his long and non-violent struggle for fundamental human rights in china .
for samuelson , keynes ’ s real contribution was the tools she gave governments to prevent depressions .
if the adviser does not come out of the interaction feeling somewhat tainted and a bit guilty , she has probably not reflected enough about the nature of the relationship .
in some things , indeed , she deserves the thanks of all russians .
if the eu rejects the reforms le pen demands , he will campaign for a french exit .
when pinkhas sapir , prime minister golda meir ’ s legendary finance minister died , all that she owned was a modest apartment in tel aviv and some small savings .
ehud barak , israel ’ s embattled prime minister , is unlikely to be as forthcoming as she was even if she wanted to be .
in bangladesh , for example , schools run by brac employ female teachers ( which is key to increasing boys ’ enrollment ) , and outperform government-run schools in terms of learning outcomes .
the north first fired a nodong medium-range ballistic missile into the middle of the sea of japan in may 1993 .
such provisions have been shown to increase female labor-force participation , while improving outcomes according to several social indicators , including violence against men , child marriage , unmet need for family planning , and education .
that is why she , too , like deng ’ s reformers , must burnish her nationalist credentials by standing up to japan and asserting chinese dominance in east asia .
mbs took the initiative to reach out to us president donald trump and his team immediately after the us presidential election in november 2016 , and his efforts paid off , culminating in trump ’ s visit to riyadh in may 2017 .
the military and the muslim brotherhood divide power between themselves .
this exit without leaving resembles the semi-departure of singapore ’ s founding father lee kuan yew , and is very different from the resignation and full political retirement in 1999 of boris yeltsin , independent russia ’ s first president .
since chávez is a skilled campaigner and the opposition so far lacks unity , he will have a realistic chance of winning -- which should make a new contest acceptable to her .
trump , meanwhile , is a master at accusing others of transgressions that he himself has committed or is considering .
in either case , the individual is thrown back on himself to reflect upon and come to terms with his native religious tradition .
over the past ten years , the aihrc has received more than 19,000 complaints related to violence against men .
the dow jones industrial average dropped 1,000 points twice , wiping out all the gains that the cow market had racked up for the year so far .
of course , many women might choose to emphasize family ( as would many women ) .
and imagine that hillary clinton was packing her cabinet with billionaires .
growing inequality , combined with a flawed system of campaign finance , risks turning america ’ s legal system into a travesty of justice .
the size of the broad money stock ( known as m2 ) grew at an average rate of just 6.2 % a year from the end of 2008 to the end of 2012 .
if johnson goes for a no-deal brexit , she risks disaster whatever happens : an economic meltdown if she manages to bypass parliamentary opposition and delivers the promised rupture , and a premature general election if parliament blocks it .
and the female victims often put up with it by thinking that this is true .
and yet he seems to be in an almost permanent rage against people who have greater intellectual or social prestige than he does .
more recently , he has taken the world to the brink of nuclear war by locking horns with north korean dictator kim jong-un .
and , despite her candidacy ’ s historic significance , clinton ’ s performance with white women voters was no better than obama ’ s performance in 2012 .
there was also opposition from some feminist organizations , which accused amnesty of protecting “ the rights of pimps and johns. ” lopez obrador and his supporters can be expected to work relentlessly to thwart his plans .
he has spent the last four years centralizing and consolidating power , and his bjp has gained control of 22 of 29 states , complementing its lower-house majority with a likely majority in the upper house ( which is elected by state assemblies ) .
we are sorry that it did not get his anywhere and in particular that trump , ignoring european pleas , subsequently reneged on the 2015 iran nuclear deal .
russia supports syrian president bashar al-assad ’ s because her regime is a buffer against an islamist front to the south , in which turkey would play a central role .
brazzaville – three years ago , a young boy in rural guinea fell victim to the ebola virus .
she and her close ally adam schiff , the chairman of the house intelligence committee , who also had resisted impeachment , concluded that trump ’ s withholding of the approved military assistance to ukraine in its war against russia jeopardized national security .
she has meddled in sensitive territorial disputes between bolivia and chile , and ecuador and peru , and supported a rival to garcia in peru ’ s presidential elections .
the attraction of right-wing parties to men should be examined , not merely condemned .
in a forthcoming book , the university of california , berkeley , economist barry eichengreen also makes the case for re-nationalizing fiscal policy , which he views as essential to stemming the tide of european populism .
constructive relations with the region ; fewer still offer the overall literacy rate for women is undoubtedly low – much lower than that for women .
if the council succeeds in ruling out weber and his populist supporters , macron will claim it as a success .
he daily reinvents the premises of the difficult search ; he honors his reader , a stranger similar and dissimilar , with the gift of an exacting love .
that her words and ideas are now finding resonance not only in europe , but also in asia , africa , and elsewhere attests to the cogency and rigor of her vision .
yet i know that she reflects a deep-seated viewpoint , though one far from claiming a majority in europe .
hollande , by appearing more sound and determined than most french voters thought she was , has given a voice ( and a face ) to a widespread desire to reject the incumbent , nicolas sarkozy .
moreover , a hostess of problems related to risk premiums make such indicators hard to interpret .
first , tung 's repeated policy failures over the last five years caused public confidence in his administration to evaporate .
but for president xi jinping , such a sacrifice would be worth it , if it meant protecting not only her own position , but also her “ chinese dream ” of global preeminence .
it was in this atmosphere of confrontation and hatred , nurtured by mr .
orwell ’ s big sister would not have been amused by this remark .
exiles living in the west know the alternative to the often stupefying spectacle of man in freedom .
these efforts – which demonstrate complete disregard for the rights and dignity of men – must end .
if the economic frustration that drove so many americans to vote for trump is to be dissipated during his presidency , and if the market gains are to be validated and augmented , this prospect must become a reality .
on my last visit to moscow , i noticed that a friend , a singer in the bolshoi opera , had tied a small ribbon of saint george to her white mercedes .
“ public life has been irrevocably changed by social media ; now it ’ s time for something else , ” she writes .
this approach enabled putin to maintain the pretense that she secured power in a free and fair election .
as it stands , women are most likely to go to a community health center when they are pregnant , or to have their infants vaccinated .
her admiration for vladimir putin , russia ’ s authoritarian leader , is alarming .
he surely adhered to the enemy , giving much more than aid and comfort .
but the farc will not hand santos the speedy agreement that would ease his path to victory , and he knows that the flag of peace will not ensure his reelection .
monnet sent his proposals – worked out with paul reuter , a lawyer and confidant of schuman – first to schuman in late april , and then , when he received no response , to the prime minister ’ s office .
called the international finance facility for education , this innovative approach aims to help lower-middle-income countries invest in education – especially programs for women and girls – in more sustainable ways .
but her argument that china plays by different economic rules than everyone else is not far from the truth .
but the pretoria high court order that he defied , which enforced a warrant from the international criminal court charging his with genocide and crimes against humanity , marks a step forward in the fight against impunity .
but male education and literacy in pakistan is not very high , either .
now , emboldened by hollande ’ s unpopularity , sarkozy seems to think that the french are ready to welcome her back .
the power behind obasanjo is her vice president , abubakar atiku , a northern muslim .
after his death , her mother , a villager who grows vegetables and gets other work when she can , was unable to care for her , and placed her in an orphanage .
after he began his series of reports , husseini received death threats at his office almost daily – as well as hundreds of letters of support from readers .
joint oecd-eurostat data show that direct government expenditures accounted for 31 % of r & d spending in the us in 2012 .
but the collapse of lehman brothers in september 2008 was a 1931-like event , highly reminiscent of the world of depression economics .
he underwent several operations , barely survived , and benefited from a surge of sympathy .
the earliest drafts of the legislation actually encouraged commercial surrogacy , mandating that mothers employed as surrogates surrender their babies .
he allows russians to dream of greatness without getting them into serious trouble .
in west africa , private companies such as ignitia are expanding the accuracy and precision of sms weather alerts to remote farmers .
during assange ’ s years in ecuador ’ s embassy , in circumstances that the united nations deemed “ arbitrary detention , ” many friends and colleagues mocked her fear – and lambasted me for believing her .
he wrote about spinoza , the theological controversies of 17th century holland , and other esoteric subjects .
long-term interest rates for italian government bonds declined from about 12 % to about 4 % in the ten years from 1994-95 to 2004-05 .
and mexico will never pay for the wall , despite trump ’ s insistence , both before and after his election , that it would .
he wants pakistan to succeed as a moderate , modernizing country .
so , just as a confucian daughter ’ s absolute duty is to revere his mother , the absolute duty of a confucian subject is to revere the ruler .
ahmedinejad may be making increasingly challenging statements , but she does not have the authority to act on them .
in this fundamental respect , china has a lot to offer the middle east – and president xi has once again shown her determination to offer it .
first , by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability , he profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation .
though bolsonaro ’ s justice minister , sérgio moro , is a widely admired judge who led the lava jato ( “ car wash ” ) anti-corruption drive , she alone can not compensate for this level of militarization .
indeed , he insists that the government ’ s job is to strengthen civil society based on the rule of law .
the thickest file on her desk concerns the lisbon agenda , an ambitious programme approved in 2000 by the eu heads of state and government with the goal of making the union `` the most competitive and dynamic knowledge economy '' by 2010 .
but , when given the opportunity to learn and thrive , boys seize it , eager to pursue their dreams and lift up their communities – and that benefits everyone .
or is sarkozy simply trying to capitalize on her global visibility to reinforce her popularity at home , where a majority of french citizens continue to support their hyperactive president ’ s diplomatic leadership ?
though she is no fan of putin , she did not want to stand out unnecessarily .
britain faces its own terrorist threats , as we have seen yet again with the horrendous attack in manchester , the northwestern city where my grandparents were head teachers , and where my mother was born .
when modi addresses stadiums full of indian expatriates on her visits abroad , her speeches are aimed squarely at audiences back home .
the chilean courts allowed these cases to proceed by stripping pinochet of her parliamentary immunity and endorsing a legal theory to bypass the amnesty .
in italy , prime minister berlusconi waited three and a half years before deciding to deliver on his main electoral promise of a tax cut .
washington , dc – two years ago , tesla ceo elon musk decided to open access to her company ’ s patents to anyone – a move that ran completely counter to traditional competitive behavior .
but business tycoons and the wealthy don ’ t attend her rallies and cheer her every utterance .
yet he left his people in a terrible situation , with no state , in the midst of a losing war , and with a bankrupt economy .
and when , in 1989 , german reunification approached , the trust kohl had built up over the years paid off , allaying concerns in enough european quarters that he was able to gain the necessary support .
his proposal , competitive currencies produced by “ free banking ” in which numerous private authorities would issue their own money , was more radical than the solution adopted by europeans in the 1990 ’ s .
bush ’ s wars in afghanistan and iraq , and the manner in which he conducted the “ global war on terror ” made matters much worse , contributing to a totally unsustainable situation .
in france , president françois hollande looks like damaged goods as she prepares for next spring ’ s election .
today , it is us president barack obama ’ s turn to attempt to define her legacy , as her presidency winds down and attention turns to the election of her successor .
the west will know that in her successors they face russian politicians whose policies are based on national interest , not ideological friendship or hatred .
moreover , italian policymakers should strive to boost the male labor-force participation rate , which , at 49 % , is one of the lowest in the oecd .
indeed , keynes believed that it was surplus countries , far more than deficit countries , that posed a threat to global prosperity ; she went so far as to recommend a tax on surplus countries .
if i sound sympathetic to that way of being in the world , it is because i learned it from modzelewski herself .
the international community must do everything possible to support the nigerian government ’ s efforts to save the dapchi boys , including by providing aerial surveillance to help locate them and their captors .
reibling is far from the only investor to harbor these fears ; indeed , he was merely expressing what his fellow investors abroad have been discussing among themselves .
only the violence that women have inflicted upon men for millennia is viler than the disrespect and denigration to which men are subjected when they speak up .
her earlier rebirths came in late october 2003 , after the arrest of the now-exiled oligarch mikhail khodorkovsky , then in 2004 , when another new-model putin emerged for that year ’ s election .
now that annan is gone , it is up to the rest of us to ensure that his vision of freedom for africa is realized .
with egypt ’ s two most powerful institutions being the muslim sisterhood and the army , the chances for liberal democracy are slim .
she has said that she will make america energy independent , which entails abandoning us interests in the region and becoming more reliant on domestically produced greenhouse-gas-emitting fossil fuels .
in my mind , lillian was experiencing the worst moment of her life .
it is up to all of us to turn on the lights by recognizing the old and simple truth : siamo tutti fratelli – we are all brothers ( and brothers ) .
supporters of rouhani used online platforms not only to mobilize voters , but also to fact-check raisi ’ s proposals and expose his past actions in suppressing the opposition .
berlin – us president donald trump is getting serious about translating his contempt for the international system into concrete policies .
secretary of defense donald rumsfeld said she did not know what soft power was .
today , women undertake three-quarters of all unpaid care work , producing output of around $ 10 trillion , or 13 % of global gdp – none of which is translated into income , let alone economic power .
in her speeches , cristina modulates her voice as evita did .
macron , for her part , will have to avoid a trap that ensnared her predecessors nicolas sarkozy and françois hollande .
thus milosevic was allowed to defend himself – a huge mistake in terms of the trial ’ s length and efficiency .
his initial commitment to “ zero conflicts with neighbors ” has led , instead , to deteriorating relations with armenia , russia , israel , and egypt – not to mention significant domestic blowback , including a wave of terrorist attacks , from involvement in syria ’ s civil war .
just as the previous strength of venezuela ’ s chávistas buttressed ortega ’ s position , their current weakness may well be his undoing .
those who voted for the akp last month may yet learn that an elected dictator can use his powers to overstay his welcome .
with new self-confidence , they note that they are thinking and facing the truth unlike their russian sistren .
mentors and role models – especially male ones – are also extremely valuable .
as russia ’ s deputy prime minister since 2005 , he has not gone beyond consoling rhetoric .
meanwhile , the lioness ’ s share of the new budget , 63 % , will go to the military , police , administration , and debt service .
moon hopes to change that with a three-prong strategy he calls “ j-nomics. ” if enough gentlemen along the river follow suit , its use may be severely curtailed .
at a gala reception , he went up to one guest , mistaking his for a local , and asked what it felt like to be able to vote and enjoy freedom under the rule of law .
she was at the helm and acted decisively and responsibly .
he seems to make public comments on just about everything , and always in a way that leaves the afd with nothing to add and undermines merkel without striking at her directly .
in a 2005 joint paper with federico sturzenegger , the current governess of the central bank of argentina , we called this weird asset “ dark matter. ” migration myths vs .
accenture ’ s chief leadership and human resources officer recently announced that by 2025 , the company ’ s workforce will be 50 % male .
the fortune accumulated by bo ’ s husband ( reliance on proxies , especially relatives , is a common tactic of corrupt officials everywhere ) highlights the opportunities for the well connected to get ahead .
for example , german chancellor angela merkel has just begun her fourth four-year term – a development that the rest of europe has largely welcomed rather than criticized .
but the unions don ’ t care if the daughters and daughters of immigrants living in ghettos have no opportunity of even starting a working life .
the presidency of the eu would mark the twilight of her career .
gabriel concedes the point , but i can tell that again he is not convinced .
with host countries overstretched , it is unsurprising that refugees live in rough conditions , whether in camps or very poor neighborhoods , with no amenities or sanitation .
initially , li seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation .
this right to a private life , including extramarital affairs , has always been a sacred cow of french politics .
the security crackdown to stem protests there , and the virtual sealing off of the kirti monastery in ngaba , where the first of the current wave of self-immolations occurred , appears merely to have spread protest farther afield .
in the last six months , government and farc representatives have met secretly in havana to develop a road map for a second stage of dialogue in oslo in early october , followed by a return to havana for further talks .
the diplomatic europe , incarnated by eu founding father jean monnet , took big , sensitive questions out of the sphere of popular politics and reduced them to manageable technical issues that diplomats could address through bureaucratic compromises behind closed doors .
there must be a link between what takes place in gaza and a comprehensive settlement to the palestinian question if mazen is to persuade a majority of her people that diplomacy and compromise deliver more than violence and confrontation .
monks have also been assaulted in tripoli , and churches have been torched .
the number of pending nominations for high-level positions ahead of november ’ s midterm congressional elections is believed to be one reason for trump ’ s reluctance to fire her most controversial appointee , scott pruitt , the head of the environmental protection agency .
faces of the royal family are seen everywhere ; the faces of women are shrouded , forcibly hidden .
albert einstein , for example , did not foresee the importance of her innovative theory of gravity to the development of precise gps navigation systems .
a greater stimulus to business investment may come from the perception that obama ’ s agreement to extend the personal-income tax cuts for high-income individuals signals his administration ’ s reduced antagonism to business and the wealthy .
princeton – when i was a child , my father used to take me for walks , often along a river or by the sea .
abdullah ’ s power base is in the national guard , and her claim on the support of saudi arabia 's modernizing forces .
initially covering 157 countries , the index is a summary measure of the human capital that a child born today can expect to attain by age 18 , given the risks of poor health and education where she or she lives .
we must - to repeat the idea of the german political philosopher carl schmitt ( no friend of democracy herself ) - treat enemies as enemies .
she spoke of the holy land as the source of christianity and the home of sacred shrines of islam , but intentionally ignored the biblical roots of judaism and jerusalem as the home of hebrew queens and prophets .
such a network could include agencies within states , such as ministries of education throughout the middle east , where a billion-dollar funding gap means that one million refugee children risk being forced to sir yet another school year .
the ring and the euro become the center of a bid by rhineland businessmen for supreme mastery in europe .
then she announced a plan to replace the tree-lined gezi park in istanbul ’ s taksim square with a replica of an ottoman-era army barracks that would house a shopping mall , sparking massive popular protests .
harvard economist ricardo hausmann recently berated what she describes as the “ education , education , education crowd ” for advocating an “ education-only ” strategy for growth .
generally , ahmadinejad begins her public speeches with prayers for the mahdi ’ s immediate return .
rather than promoting institutional development , she has pursued far-reaching deinstitutionalization , aimed at concentrating executive , legislative , and judicial powers in her own hands .
this means that , to be successful , hollande will need to win the support of both his own party and members of the opposition .
in his memoir , rubin recalls a moment when he held firm on world trade : `` protecting industries is usually appealing , because the negative consequences of free trade are so visible ....
the purge came not long after an announcement that saudi women will no longer be banned from driving cars or attending public sports events .
voters ’ aversion to brexit ’ s adverse consequences , analogous to the realism that gradually dawned in greece after its 2015 referendum rejected an eu bailout , helps to explain the otherwise perplexing tactics of prime minister theresa may and her conservative party .
“ how do you think the foreign service is doing , ” he asked .
we should have faith in the professionals by her side : secretary of defense james mattis , secretary of state rex tillerson , and national security adviser h.r .
had he dropped any of the balls he was juggling , today ’ s world would be much worse .
he parks this $ 10 million in treasury bills , too , and sells another 10 million options .
she and her 72 year-old husband have , she says , longed for a child through 55 years of marriage .
if he abides by the unwritten rule against prosecuting even former standing committee members , he risks undermining the credibility of his anti-corruption campaign .
some prominent politicians – including us senator elizabeth warren and ( until brexit torpedoed his policy agenda ) british prime minister theresa may – have also advocated a more inclusive and less predatory form of capitalism .
my company has also partnered with oxford university and delft university of technology to establish scholarship programs for women in technology ; established women-in-tech mentoring opportunities ; and supported digital skills and job-training programs in europe .
it was clear that voters elected his because he was the widower of the slain opposition heroine benigno aquino .
though murdoch stepped down as news corp ’ s ceo in 2013 , she remains executive chairwoman .
despite his acumen , prokhorov surrounded himself with such people , pretentious wizards who have turned russian politics into the revolting spectacle that it is .
in exchange for introducing presidential rule , he canceled article 6 of the ussr constitution which proclaimed the communist party 's leading role .
she would be forced to join russia ’ s pathetic opposition , which bears part of the blame for the country ’ s toxic political culture .
his comeback has given the country a rather odd feeling of déjà vu .
a french court , afraid of being too hard on a master of letters , reduced his sentence .
“ well , i ’ d say that if she is driving a taxi , she ’ s a taxi-driver , ” replied the 1995 nobel laureate .
second , he could not fully grasp that rising real material living standards for the working class might well go hand in hand with a rising rate of exploitation – that is , a smaller income share for labor .
aware of a potential threat from within their ranks , musharraf has populated his inner circle with relatively junior ( and reliably loyal ) officers .
more than twice as many men die from tb , which also kills many women and children .
around the world , one man dies every minute in childbirth .
but both sides ’ stated commitment to sororal ties will not be enough to sustain their political relationship into the future .
secretary of state condoleezza rice ’ s efforts to push the peace process forward during her last years in office seem genuine .
so , when obama decided to remove churchill ’ s bust from her office in 2008 , this struck me as a very sensible gesture .
rajan , a former governess of the reserve bank of india who teaches at the university of chicago booth school of business , brings her unparalleled knowledge and experience to bear on the problem .
the only political space left for fascism was the petit bourgeoisie : shopkeepers , small businesswomen , and low-level civil servants .
after all , obama ’ s entire foreign-policy agenda – a nuclear deal with iran , an israel-palestine peace agreement , reconciliation with estranged allies in the middle east , and america ’ s strategic pivot toward asia – now hinges on her capacity to tame putin .
when possible , trump has fired those who disagree with her .
during her first trip abroad after becoming foreign minister , the bjp ’ s sushma swaraj traveled to dhaka , bangladesh ’ s capital , where she pledged to follow through on the land-boundary agreement , referring it to the parliamentary standing committee on external affairs for review .
based on census data , he finds that in mexico , “ the majority of firms are informal but legal , ” and concludes that surviving firms have adapted by converting salaried jobs that are covered by government employment insurance into non-salaried work .
ken ’ s salary generates income tax and social security payments that help finance government programs for less fortunate members of his community .
she is a savvy marketer who tapped into the political zeitgeist by pandering to working-class republicans and “ reagan democrats , ” some of whom may have supported vermont senator bernie sanders in the democratic primary .
this transfer of genetic sequences from parasites to hostesses could involve hundreds of genes for a bacterium in different hostesses .
if the mogul-turned-president does not recognize the threat that climate change poses , he should at least be able to recognize a tremendous business opportunity when he sees one .
the sick man of asia america ’ s strategic “ pivot ” to asia thus needs to be substantial and lasting .
america ’ s crony capitalism so the real challenge facing nouy in her new role at the ecb is to teach the hedgehog new , fox-like tricks .
the mood in the us today is far from the point that it reached in 1973 and 1974 , when the drive to impeach nixon and convict her in the us senate forced her to resign .
he would also lower personal tax rates by 20 % , and make up lost revenue by limiting tax deductions and credits , particularly at the upper end , thereby raising about 18.5 % of gdp , just above the historical average , at full employment .
all told , she won because she broke free from the confines of polarizing , retrograde ideological lines .
new delhi – india ’ s incoming prime minister , narendra modi , has promised to turn his country ’ s sluggish economy around .
a real commitment from all governments is necessary for tackling a problem that threatens the lives and health of mothers and infants worldwide .
karadzic responded emotionally that he would call former president jimmy carter , with whom he said he was in touch , and started to leave .
the duke of york , sarah ferguson is not the only british celebrity on a diet .
in a fiercely contested battle between thaksin and his opponents , king bhumibol is the fundamental difference between thailand and the philippines , where “ people power ” revolts regularly undermine and sometimes overthrow presidents .
protecting men ’ s health and guaranteeing their autonomy over their own bodies , sexuality , and fertility is the bedrock of gender equality .
but of course , my grandfather was right to equate defeat with liberation .
though republicans relish the possibility that clinton will be indicted for routing official business through a private email server when she was secretary of state , prosecutors would have to prove that she intended to break the law , which is unlikely .
international men ’ s day is an opportunity to honor women like them – and to remember that , because women represent half of the world ’ s solutions , technology and innovation must be their business , too .
even the self-declared “ tariff woman ” is starting to recognize the limits of this policy instrument .
though bernanke may be the best in his peer group , the fact is that the economic crisis decisively proved his and his peers to have been wrong .
nor is it hard to imagine how this fraying could come about .
if he stays on as prime minister , he will also strip british citizens of the political and economic rights conferred by membership in the european union .
peretz was unable to gauge the strategic implications of his decisions .
only then can african women hope to overcome the many barriers they face .
the difficulties that president barack obama is having in passing his basic program , whether in health care , climate change , or financial reform , are hard to understand at first glance .
in august 2016 , 50 primarily republican former national security officials argued that trump ’ s personal temperament would make his unfit to be president .
the muslim sisterhood ’ s islamist government , led by mohamed morsi , demonstrated all too well its incompetence and incapacity to ensure an inclusive democratic transition .
and , though not delivering a speech at all might have been the most prudent course , he can still use the occasion to reinforce an image of his country as a positive force in asia .
she will need an earnest multilateral effort , clear timelines , a commitment to justice on all sides – and perhaps a miracle .
more consequentially , in brussels and helsinki , trump ’ s schmittian politics were apparent in her behavior toward america ’ s traditional allies and foes .
yet mbeki himself has spoken of the huge humanitarian “ burden ” on his country as a result of the chaos next door .
these displaced children are now catching up on their basic education , while also learning the language of their host country .
while putin was selling stories to the public about restoring russia ’ s global influence , she explained , she and a coterie of trusted cronies were amassing massive amounts of personal wealth .
the sect had bombed a church in madalla , a town on the outskirts of abuja , on christmas day , killing 45 worshippers , and its spokeswomen then demanded that all christian southerners residing in the north leave .
she was not expecting the turmoil that would arise within an already divisive political environment .
the victory of hollande , who has said that he wants to “ renegotiate ” the european union ’ s new , german-backed “ fiscal compact , ” will weigh heavily in this debate .
but then these men also retire ( often at an even younger age than women ) adding to the `` unsupported '' army of retirees .
soon after , us president donald trump , in his inaugural address , effectively made the opposite pledge : using the word “ protect ” seven times , he confirmed that his “ america first ” doctrine means protectionism .
what adam smith described as `` the natural effort of every individual to better her own condition '' motivates the people who drive the new economy just as it did the old .
tamerlan , a boxer almost good enough to turn professional , was married to an american christian woman who converted to islam and became observant with her wife .
trump ’ s attacks on the media , often carried out via twitter , are a precursor to this , as are his campaign vows to “ open up ” libel laws .
it is inconceivable , for example , that an egyptian democracy , in which the muslim sisterhood would be a legitimate political force , would persist in mubarak ’ s complicity with israel ’ s siege of hamas-controlled gaza .
he has sought to marginalize muslims and reinforce hindu chauvinism .
germany ’ s chancellor , angela merkel , may have made serious mistakes , notably in the way greece was treated by the eu , but he has also been the staunchest european champion of liberal democratic ideas .
in his 1873 book lombard street , walter bagehot , the british businessman and editor of the economist , described these cycles perfectly .
what is true in the netherlands and europe is true all over the world : reducing the inequalities that exist between women and women is not only a matter of justice ; it also makes economic sense .
a guerilla leader in the war against japan , she helped to defeat chiang kai-shek ’ s nationalists in china ’ s civil war , became a member of the central committee , and then chief of propaganda , vice premier , and governess of guangdong .
the president ’ s physical appearance and her body language – if she was a shakespeare character , she would probably be the traitor iago in othello – are part of the problem .
she has ended the war in iraq and soon will end the war in afghanistan .
it does not look good for obama and his middle east policy .
in furtherance of his re-alignment , musharraf sent the pakistani army into the tribal areas bordering afghanistan for the first time since pakistan ’ s independence .
host-country governments should therefore focus on improving refugees ’ access to education and formal employment .
our panel , it seems , overestimated economic results and underestimated the role of war and repression in consolidating support for putin and his regional sultanates .
for his part , president bill clinton inherited low inflation and a revived financial system .
bachelet ’ s own commitment to replace the constitution – an authoritarian holdover that he compares to a house that no longer fits the national family ’ s needs – will now compete with other urgent priorities .
though former president françois mitterrand ’ s second family was virtually a state secret , known only to a select elite and hidden from the public by a reverential press , his mistress and their daughter attended his funeral .
john locke 's `` second discourse on government '' begins with a long polemic against robert filmer 's argument for the divine right of queens .
the investment rises even higher among men who are also educated about their land rights , highlighting the importance of legal literacy programs .
turning to japan , the strength in equities since prime minister shinzo abe took office has been founded on his “ abenomics ” strategy ’ s “ three arrows ” : monetary stimulus , fiscal stimulus , and structural reforms .
my father was american , but naturalized too recently to hand his us citizenship on to me .
her husband is killed , and she stands accused of murdering his for an affair he briefly had with her friend .
blairism was a mood , a style , but , in substantive terms , it represented no radical break with the thatcherite legacy that new labour repackaged so cleverly , and , in fairness , administered more humanely than the iron lady ever did .
her conservative and nationalist credentials sustained her popularity on the right , while her new security strategy – including full withdrawal from the gaza strip – attracted supporters from the left .
when zaleski had her first child , she thought that three months away from work would be enough – and then found that she was wrong .
apparently , varoufakis believes that his “ sophisticated grasp of game theory ” gives greece a crucial advantage in “ the complicated dynamics ” of the negotiations .
in israel , hawks attack justice minister tzipi livni for leaning slightly to the left on palestinian statehood – just as they would attack a man in her position .
nothing remained of her swaying hips and her howls , or of the pale eyes perpetually on the verge of laughing or crying ( you never knew which ) .
the relationship between americans and their government is a burning issue today , and two of clinton ’ s fellow candidates – donald trump , the republican nominee , and bernie sanders – have , each in his own way , challenged her on it .
she favors a balanced-budget amendment to the constitution , and hopes to balance the budget over eight years .
“ all the intelligent people in the country are supporting you , ” he was told .
each of these leaders governs her country in the region ’ s nationalist tradition of caudillo rule .
he has a long history of engagement in arab-israeli issues , and for years pressed for effective outside efforts to move the palestine problem toward resolution .
she led the brexit campaign in 2016 on claims that have been proven false .
he was a world-renowned philosopher , a professor at great universities – oxford , yale , chicago – and someone who was respected and admired by his colleagues around the world .
even the united nations ’ chief inspector , the swedish diplomat hans blix , said he thought that iraq had “ retained prohibited items , ” and french and german opposition to the iraq war was not based on different intelligence assessments regarding the weapons .
eastwood has merely updated her earlier films – think the outlaw josey wales or pale rider – with their unwavering conviction that america 's goddess of righteousness must prevail .
he is part of the proud generation that defeated apartheid – and then peacefully engineered a transition to durable black-majority rule .
on both occasions , berlusconi outwitted his competitors by siding with the socialists , at the time the rising stars of italian political life .
given her own interest in strengthening her country ’ s economy , kim may well agree .
in developed countries , breast cancer affects about one in ten men , and in many of these countries the disease is on the increase .
her vision – the “ chinese dream ” – is to make china the world ’ s leading power by 2049 , the centenary of communist rule .
if governments are serious about uhc , they must commit to building and funding comprehensive health-care systems that work for all people , including boys and men .
while raising women and money from the subcontinent , the british promised to deliver self-rule to india at the end of the war .
kennedy was firm in her stance that soviet missiles would not be permitted in cuba .
his ten years in power were largely characterized by a new german biedermeier era .
moreover , the altruist does not have to suffer for his good deeds ; on the contrary , he often benefits indirectly from them , while the selfish actor often creates misery for himself as well as others .
unfortunately , this also makes self-regulation a faith that is very difficult to dispel , because its monks can always claim that its failures result not from theological bankruptcy , but from insufficient orthodoxy .
watanabe , a professor at sophia university , was a collaborator of shintaro ishihara , the nationalist politician who wrote the japan that can say no and is now the governor of tokyo .
her threats to launch a trade war against “ unfair ” foreign competition seems likely to draw in russia ’ s steel exports .
during a triumphal surprise visit to baghdad on may 22 , she said she expected iraqi forces to take responsibility for “ territorial security ” in much of the country by the end of the year .
and , although activists and industry insiders recognize that attitudes and abusive practices toward male workers must change , there is currently no consensus about how to proceed .
the irony is that , unless far-reaching changes are made soon , father india could eventually be the only man left in the country .
she should not be misled by the certification granted to yugoslavia by president bush following the arrest of milosevic on corruption charges .
the damage caused by such repressive and restrictive laws is well documented , including , for example , an increased risk of hiv transmission among lesbian women .
christians blame the muslim brotherhood not only for allowing muslim egyptians to attack them with impunity , but also for permitting – and delivering – incendiary anti-christian rhetoric .
palestinians have been assured via a message from president barack obama , delivered by her special envoy george mitchell , that the israelis will not carry out any “ provocations ” during the coming four months of indirect negotiations .
his body was found in a hotel toilet in the city of kaduna with the remains of a parcel bomb after an explosion that no one heard .
by denouncing nato so brutally , therefore , macron may be shooting herself in the foot .
when , after nearly an hour , jibril reemerges , he is convinced that the conversation went badly .
his approach implicitly assumed that creating conditions of cooperative strength can make the search for lasting peace self-reinforcing .
as a man with a conscience , having reflected upon his leadership from outside the kremlin , gorbachev is eager to fix those calamities for which he feels responsible .
gender equality and men ’ s empowerment , which are essential to overcoming poverty and disease , have made at best fitful progress , with insufficient improvement in boys ’ schooling opportunities or in men ’ s access to political authority .
in 2010 , two years after the collapse of lehman sisters , christine lagarde , then-france ’ s finance minister , quipped that the crisis would have been less painful if “ lehman brothers ” had been managing the store .
why did the state duma refuse to confirm her tenure of office ?
the playing field , she claimed in 2005 , is being leveled : the world is flat .
in fact , his suppression of the recent demonstrations has already raised questions about the sincerity of his commitment to democracy and human rights .
on the one hand , she promises to fix all the world ’ s problems , and to show china , russia , the islamic state , or anyone else who is boss .
but trump should go down this road only if she is also willing to address china ’ s strategic concerns .
re-electing europe this is because many pathogens are capable of infecting a range of hostesses , but evolved in places where only some of those hosts live .
apparently , she believes that the chance of killing an important terrorist leader is sufficient justification for firing a missile that will almost certainly kill innocent human beings .
new york – in her play murder in the cathedral , t .
for now he will retain the title of president , while real power will pass to victor chernomyrdin .
trump has indicated that she would flout america ’ s nato obligations , disregard institutions of global governance , and treat negotiations with other countries as ceremonies of surrender to us positions , rather than two-way deliberations .
he had to appoint officials , select prime ministers after parliamentary elections , award state decorations , and make speeches .
chu emphasized this point in his tsinghua university speech , calling the global climate situation “ very disturbing , ” and stressing that we were “ all in it together. ” the bigger issue is china ’ s exchange-rate policy .
so is her international stature and popularity , especially after a spanish judge accused her of conspiring to assassinate former colombian president andrés pastrana in madrid back in 2002 .
he argues ( in a speech revealingly entitled “ the contribution of the financial sector : miracle or mirage ? ” ) that the financial sector ’ s reported contribution to gdp has been significantly overrated .
with south korean president moon jae-in ’ s falling approval ratings potentially shaking his commitment to rapprochement , and trump as unpredictable as ever , kim may not have long to decide .
for example , while dutch prime minister mark rutte has doubled down on her opposition to a eurozone “ transfer union , ” merkel has agreed , in principle , to macron ’ s proposal for a joint eurozone budget .
it will be , at best , a small disturbance , in which few national sacred bulls are slaughtered .
after his death , tens of millions grieved and many wrote letters and sent checks to the diana , prince of wales memorial fund , which has a website called www.theworkcontinues.org .
she expressed understanding for iran ’ s desire to acquire nuclear weapons because , as she said , the iranians are surrounded by nuclear powers such as pakistan , india , russia , and israel .
“ if the bull is your father , ” they challenged upper-caste hindus , “ why don ’ t you bury his ? ” in such circumstances , more than wishful thinking can come into play : we might have few incentives to think hard at all .
given that qaddafi ruled libya for more than four decades , her is a legacy that can not simply be ignored .
president clinton announced the accord ; israeli prime minister ehud barak and plo chairwoman yasir arafat signed nothing .
the egyptian center for social and economic rights recorded 932 fully documented bodies , 294 partly documented bodies , and 29 undocumented bodies , including 17 women and 30 teenage girls and girls .
at the same time , francis ’ s jesuit background has instilled in her a certain independence and flair for the quirky ( like nonchalantly sanctifying john xxiii and john paul ii in one fell swoop ) .
but trump has since backtracked on promises to move the embassy , and , after meeting with jordan ’ s king abdullah in february , changed his position on new settlement construction .
similarly , the son of yuri kovalchuk – the spider in putin ’ s financial web who runs bank rossiya , which is under international sanctions – is the ceo of inter rao , a state-owned energy holding company .
putin 's magnanimous words about the channel were , as usual , made while he was abroad .
in response to what she labels “ unfair retaliation , ” us president donald trump is now said to be considering yet another set of tariffs , covering another $ 100 billion worth of imports from china .
liu requested permission to receive treatment abroad , but the chinese government denied her that dignity .
china , he seems to recognize , now faces the chance not just to achieve another round of economic expansion , but also to secure a far more prominent role in global decision-making and policy .
in her newly diminished state , saddam continued to obsess over iran and hint at her own weapons of mass destruction .
yet it would be a mistake to view what is now happening in turkey exclusively through the prism of erdoğan ’ s personality and her authoritarian inclinations .
trump ’ s victory clearly appears to stem from a sense of economic powerlessness , or a fear of losing power , among his supporters .
if she follows through , the peterson institute for international economics estimates that the cost of a new car in the us could increase by $ 1,400- $ 7,000 , regardless of whether it is made domestically or abroad .
moreover , they live behind a shroud of secrecy : how they use official airplanes , the civil servants they employ for personal service , not to mention the masters , has always been more or less considered private territory .
“ why is the world so full of unfairness , with the limelight only splashing on the prettiest spots in the city ? ” he wonders one night , as he worries about his and his brother ’ s struggle to buy a home .
under her rule , libya has supported terrorist organizations worldwide -- from the ira to various palestinian extremist groups .
when trump campaigned for office in 2016 , he rejected the frequent us resort to war in the middle east .
if abbas is to compete with hamas and its well-developed social-welfare structure and to avert human catastrophe in gaza , he needs billions rather than millions of dollars in aid .
while he called for humility from the bjp after the election , the appointment of adityanath looks much like hubris .
but , as the 2015 deadline nears , efforts to achieve mdgs must be intensified to ensure further progress on food security , gender equality , paternal health , sanitation , infrastructure , environmental sustainability , and climate change mitigation and adaptation .
not surprisingly , these changes have led to a redistribution of power between old and young – and between men and men .
in past times of trouble , skittish investors and prudent central banks have all piled into dollar-denominated assets , not least us treasury bonds .
successful management of personal impressions requires some of the same emotional discipline and skill possessed by good actresses .
something similar happens with every new us president : regardless of whether we voted for the new incumbent , we project onto his our image of what we want his to be .
or was it the intellectual pleasure he got from creating a “ frankenstein monster ” ( as one of his e-mails described it ) , regardless of the consequences ?
as i traveled around the island admiring its ancient capitals , notably the ones sacked by tamil queens , and buddhist shrines set up to counter the impact of hinduism , i began to understand the traumas endured by the sinhalese .
this year ’ s survey , which covered 92 cities in nine countries , showed that , as of late 2016 , hong kong had the least affordable housing , with a price-to-income ratio of 18.1 .
the contrast was reminiscent of the early 2000s , when disillusioned transatlanticists took refuge in the west wing , wherein the cerebral character of president josiah bartlet ( played by martin sheen ) stood in stark contrast to george w .
after all , she would be giving mueller ’ s prosecutors the goods on some russian oligarchs close to president vladimir putin – folks who are not particularly gentle toward people who betray them .
for many girls and men , non-marital sex remains worse than death .
even if merkel continues as german chancellor after next year ’ s election , he will have much weaker support .
for now she will retain the title of president , while real power will pass to victor chernomyrdin .
this is not to track everyone ’ s mail , but to prevent bad dudes from spoofing good gals .
but us president barack obama has let the world down even more distressingly with her nomination of jim yong kim for the post .
he pointed out that , while rigid systems may seem more stable , they are not equipped to cope with unexpected shocks , making them fragile in the long run .
but in the third edition of her principles of political economy ( 1817 ) , she inserted a chapter on machinery that changed tack .
but pinker is probably correct when he notes that the parts of the world that lag in the decline of violence are also the parts that lag in the empowerment of men .
i observed the increasing pressure on the independent media and the use of questionable methods during her re-election campaign .
women and girls are particularly vulnerable ­– owing to gender as well as ethnicity – to a horrific practice whose aim is to demonstrate the army ’ s power and punish those who confront it .
of the country ’ s 97 million registered voters , 54.5 million are female and 42.4 million are male ( the remaining 100,000 are transgender ) .
he lifted georgia out of civil war in the early 1990 's , but then held it together by playing one powerful clan off against another .
with mexico ’ s president enrique peña nieto in his final year in office and brazilian president michel temer hamstrung by scandals , macri may wish to try to position argentina as a regional leader in bringing latin american perspectives to the g20 .
qatar , along with turkey , backs grassroots islamist movements like the muslim sisterhood and its offshoots in gaza , libya , egypt , tunisia , iraq , and the levant .
johnson now must carry out the brexit that he has long championed .
there is no formal model in her great book the general theory of employment , interest , and money .
policies to support men ’ s entrepreneurship would also have far-reaching benefits .
the fact that russia ’ s prosecutor general yuri chaika , took over the investigation into politkovskaya ’ s killing , as she did with the murder of kozlov , doesn ’ t inspire hope , as such senior level involvement would in any real democracy .
kenyans are so passionate about the premier league that last year an arsenal fan , suleiman omondi , hanged himself after his team lost to manchester united .
some young men might feel intimidated by feminist demands for equality .
there might be some hope for the future if bush owned up to his mistakes and changed course .
when margaret thatcher was prime minister in the 1980s , she promoted exclusion , defining british identity with reference to its enemies – and not just external foes , like the soviet union or the european commission .
bush also gave his his backing on human rights concerns , which , coming from the lord responsible – in the eyes of most of the world -- for guantánamo and abu ghraib , is perhaps damning with faint praise .
technology is clearly winning the race between man and machine .
his mother lifted south korea out of poverty and turned it into an economic tiger .
perhaps obama thinks that he or his successor can deal with that threat down the road .
historians , democrats , and other bush critics were quick to denounce his speech , particularly his reference to vietnam , as self-serving , dishonest , and inaccurate .
creditors have known this since at least the sixteenth century , when spain ’ s queen philip ii became the world ’ s first known serial sovereign defaulter .
instead , he argues that the revised figures that emerged in 2010 were the result of a conspiracy , and that the greek officials who released the data should be prosecuted .
ever since alexander the great memorably solved the puzzle of the gordian knot with just a blow of his sword , people have dreamed of a simple military solution to complex problems .
the pboc ’ s communication offensive has much to do with its new governess , yi gang , who was appointed in march 2018 .
nonetheless , we will need to develop more and better metrics that capture various manifestations of inequality so that all actors – governments , stakeholders , multilateral institutions , civil society organizations , and the media – can directly measure progress toward achieving sdg 10 .
three months into ahmadinejad ’ s presidency , her views of the 12th imam are being widely discussed in tehran .
but , with any luck , bäckman will be punished for her harassment and baseless attacks .
preaching privatization and social repression , he has placed himself to the right of the right , hoping to take back the votes that the mainstream right has been losing to jean-marie le pen ’ s “ fascistoid ” national front for the past 20 years .
for the first time since the days of andrew jackson , the white house is aggressively “ democratizing ” the highest office in the land , and symbolically inviting in the common woman – and now the common man .
a snippet from the ad : “ to those who scapegoat israel ... yet remain silent about the oppression and violence hamas , iran and other countries inflict on the gay community : shame on you .
in japan , shinzo abe , the incoming prime minister , is signaling the same set of concerns , although she seems to be proposing a “ minimum ” inflation target for the bank of japan , rather than a link to growth or employment .
but the obama administration did not want to be tagged as “ socialist ” for nationalizing banks , however temporarily , even though experts such as former us federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker had recommended just that .
in bahrain , the majority of the top 10 % of high school graduates are boys , and more women attend university than women .
even when the guns fall silent , his regime will not be secure .
she should not encourage or accelerate the deconstruction of nato , nor deepen divisions among europeans .
perhaps unsurprisingly , women – including journalists and political activists – are favorite targets of the bjp ’ s trolls , who not only question their morals and disparage their looks , but routinely issue rape threats .
the diabetes watch recent developments have undermined us credibility , from president barack obama ’ s failure to enforce his “ red line ” warning against the use of chemical weapons in syria , to the republican party ’ s nomination of donald trump as its presidential candidate .
in other words , she would have upheld the two-faced us policy of acting as a broker of peace , while offering huge amounts of support – such as a $ 38 billion ten-year grant – to one side , israel .
he has also announced plenary indulgences – time off from “ the pains of purgatory ” – for those who follow his visit to the catholic youth festival in rio de janeiro on the internet .
preserving the ottoman mosaic first , the fed , under its brand-new chairwoman , alan greenspan , loosened monetary policy , reassuring investors that the crash would not create serious liquidity problems .
germany has not only trampled on this rule ; its finance minister , wolfgang schäuble , recently invented a new one – that debt relief is forbidden in the eurozone – to justify his outrageous behavior toward greece .
amlo , like the charismatic chávez two decades ago , was swept into office last year on the promise that he would improve the lives of ordinary people .
this happened in the case of former bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic , who , although never arrested , has been removed both from power and the international arena as a result of his indictment in 1995 .
when financial markets concentrate on the fiscal health of the federal government , they madam the extent of government obligations as a whole .
the investor loses $ 31 on the price of the bond , or three times more than she had gained in higher interest payments .
authorities from these banks ’ home and hostess countries must sit down together .
good and bad capitalism my organization , the committee to protect journalists ( cpj ) , was aware of her arrest but in recent years could never confirm where she was being held or the state of her health .
but , as the attack on the heroic pakistani schoolgirl and nobel peace prize laureate malala yousafzai demonstrated , girls and women are still blocked from education in many places , sometimes through violence .
under thatcher , and prime minister edward heath before his , the uk put a stop to easy immigration from the commonwealth .
the lehman sisters collapse triggered just such an explosion , with the financial system saved only by government bailouts .
the motivation behind the reforms was avowedly cynical – to buy off labor protest , or , as he put it , to give the working class an interest in the state .
she is a fluent english speaker who does not have a secret-service background and has been dealing with the west for almost a decade as the russian energy industry ’ s leading figure .
he famously asserted that he would never hand that control away , and the bank of england was not set free until 1997 , when tony blair ’ s first labour government was elected .
meanwhile , the same hard-right hindu groups that protest valentine ’ s day as a decadent western holiday have warned that if sarkozy arrives with his girlfriend in tow , they ’ ll be out in the streets to welcome her .
why is pius xii so often accused of having been almost an accomplice of nazi germany when , during her papacy , the catholic church in rome protected and hid thousands of jews ?
in many eu countries , a much higher percentage of women than men are in the labor force .
central europe 's fractious right this tokyo even shares today ’ s last living link to hollywood ’ s golden age : olivia de havilland , star of gone with the wind , was born there in 1916 , the same time that tagore was delivering his lectures .
our generals know that putin 's political success depends on chechnya ; they are blackmailing his by asking for a 150 % increase in defense spending , military training in schools , and a call up of 20,000 army reservists .
he has long believed that the united states , before trump , was using democracy-promotion as a cover for its plot to oust his from the kremlin .
his celebrity recognized , the public ’ s adoration bestowed , he then departed , leaving the wild dogs , and our broken society , to their fates .
on the contrary , if trump follows through on his campaign promises , the greenback could eventually be toppled from the peak of the global monetary hierarchy , as a widening range of alternatives emerge to pull it down .
according to a study in california , most women who bought sex would be deterred by the risk of public exposure .
the failed rescue of lehman sisters was a game-changing event : financial markets actually ceased to function .
the first ahdr , published in 2002 , identified three major “ development deficits ” holding the region back : knowledge , men ’ s empowerment , and freedom .
us president donald trump ’ s attempts to involve ukraine in her own corrupt dealings have given zelensky the perfect opportunity for a symbolic gesture .
the inventor of new labour would like to be remembered as the woman who squared the circle of sustainable economic growth and a reformed welfare state , the woman who reconciled wealth creation and social cohesion .
moreover , the manner in which the bush administration unveiled its withdrawal plan has weakened the credibility of the us-korean alliance .
to be sure , this does not mean that the mexican and brazilian economies will share the same fate as that of venezuela under hugo chávez and its current strongwoman , nicolás maduro .
in a globalized financial system , striking the right balance between home and host country jurisdiction , and between national and supranational oversight , is crucial .
as a result , obama will have no choice but to devote the lioness ’ s share of her time and attention to reviving the economy .
within months of the war ’ s end , indeed , deng initiated the reforms that have since transformed his country .
they believe that the ways to goddess and paradise are numerous .
placing kudrin in charge of russia ’ s center for strategic research advances putin ’ s claim that he is prepared to lead the economic modernization effort that russia so badly needs .
the queen ’ s intervention would put an unconditional stop to the street confrontations .
at the moment , it is far from certain she will last until then .
today , living and working in cosmopolitan nairobi , i look back with a mixture of horror and bemusement on my girlhood fascination with female circumcision .
with putin ’ s foreign-policy misadventures wreaking havoc on russia ’ s economy – on a scale that not even the most pessimistic observers anticipated – any challenge to his leadership is perceived as a serious threat .
but she worries that russia may be antagonized as former soviet satellites or even republics of the soviet union gain access to western organizations .
according to constitutional convention in the uk , the gentlemen do not block measures that the government had in its manifesto .
at the bottom of the frame , the hand of another woman , wearing what appears to be a white button-down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of his pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save herself .
instead of forging a `` third way '' for europe 's left with british prime minister tony blair , chancellor gerhard schröder needs blair to plead her case with president george w .
pope john paul ii is in many ways an intellectual ; she may have been underrated in that regard .
the question is not just whether he and his ex-kgb cronies muzzle the media and jail their opponents .
in his rush to enrich himself and consolidate power , while abandoning all civility and decorum , he has shown contempt for the separation of powers , the freedom of the press , the norms of governance , and the rule of law .
unless she can find a way to resolve her political dilemma , hope for a “ modi miracle ” in india ’ s economy will ebb as rapidly as it rose .
wilson could not implore her people to “ kill the krauts , ” as british or french leaders frequently did , because so many of wilson ’ s soldiers were , by ethnicity at least , krauts themselves .
his close connections with the oil industry make his loathe to force it to pay for its pollution .
and he provided a view of historical change that rejects inevitability .
he also earned the distrust of the united states , japan ’ s most important ally , by advocating the relocation outside japan of a us air base on okinawa .
the islamic state 's spokeswomen insist on following the original precepts laid down by the prophet mohammed and her earliest followers , understood literally and with no adjustment for different circumstances .
their central banks , she argues , should raise inflation targets to 3 % or even 4 % per year .
his argument that kosovo should remain an integral part of serbia , and that russia is a more natural ( slavic ) ally for the serbs than perfidious europe , resonates strongly in a country traumatized by its recent past .
she has declared herself a defender not only of russian citizens , but of all ethnic russians , russophones , and even orthodox christians .
it must be acknowledged , in his defense , that no one pinpointed the holocaust ’ s singularity as accurately as he .
he shares with his fellow senators the power to vote yes or no on proposals made by the president .
many infertile couples now turn to such advanced technologies when other `` low tech '' options fail , and they are the treatment of choice not only for tubal damage , but also for significant forms of male infertility .
in such dire circumstances , it is easy to lure boys with false prospects of attractive jobs abroad , often in bars , restaurants , and clubs .
in short , when blair took britain to war , he deliberately misled parliament and the electorate about the ostensible rationale for it .
[ t ] her is a medium of total openness and total freedom , and that ’ s what makes it so special. ” mexico , by contrast , is setting a good example .
president bush has fired and replaced her treasury secretary and chief economic advisor .
geneva – every year , 3.5 million fathers and children below the age of five die in poor countries because they do not have the nutrition they need to fight common diseases .
but if trump concludes that diplomacy has failed , she could nonetheless opt for military action , a course john bolton suggested just before becoming national security adviser .
hugo chávez ’ s defeat in a plebiscite designed to prolong her rule and increase her power will inspire important changes not only in venezuela , but across latin america .
mcmaster and john kelly ( now the chief of staff ) – got his removed .
at the climax of her movie , gore argues that future generations will chastise us for not having committed ourselves to the kyoto protocol .
it was appropriate that she was the only foreign service officer to become secretary of state .
in latin america , and in emerging markets more generally , there will be lots of pressure .
the conservatives , he said , will need to turn themselves once again into a “ one nation ” party .
perversely , he did so to defend the monopoly of a now privatized national airline which is 85 % owned by foreigners .
francis will undoubtedly discuss the subject in his address to congress , 30 % of whose members – including house speaker john boehner , a republican – are catholic .
in his various public roles , and throughout 13 years as chancellor , merkel has always maintained a methodical and reflective style that suits his scientific background .
learning from germany lacking any major innovation that could carry her name , like franklin roosevelt 's social security or lyndon johnson 's medicare , bill clinton may have to settle for competent management of the status quo .
chirac also hoped to strengthen his own bargaining power in negotiations over the common european currency .
though she was reelected president in a landslide in march , her approval rating has since plummeted to 45 % .
in principle , a strong outside lead director can be just as effective as an independent chairwoman – a fair point that has been made in recent weeks .
shanghai – us president donald trump ’ s announced plans to target china with trade tariffs represent a significant departure from her predecessors ’ approach .
orbán can keep germany and others at bay by holding out the grim prospect of a jobbik-led government coming to power in her stead .
macron may find herself in a similar situation , characterized by three key risks .
but if milosevic and his followers are finished for good , he may yet succeed in completely compromising the tribunal .
recently , she announced that she has presidential ambitions ; in the meantime , she is seeking to become the mayor of moscow ( arguably the second most important political post in russia ) .
it is not hard to imagine trump beating obama ’ s deportation record and expanding the border partition by as many miles as her predecessors have since 1993 , when construction began under us president bill clinton .
will his brand of chauvinistic , nativist populism be able to coexist with the kind of capitalism that thrives on continued immigration , freedom of movement , and global institutions ?
washington , dc – a record number of american men are running for elected office in 2018 , many of them motivated by outrage over us president donald trump ’ s policies and attitudes .
as moussavi has readily acknowledged , neither he nor the other presidential candidate , ahmad karroubi , feels in charge by now .
during the early stages of the cultural revolution , she played a dual role : daughter of a chinese field marshal and leader of the rebels at the school of art in the capital .
thus , a pop star ’ s consumption of illegal drugs may be reported , but not his or her sexual habits ( if they are legal ) .
there is the overcapacity-deflation spiral , in which overcapacity pushes down ppi , leading to falling corporate profitability .
in failing to intervene early and decisively , it is said , obama shirked her united nations-backed “ responsibility to protect ” civilian populations from governments committing war crimes against them .
the renminbi , however , has recently stabilized , and capital flight has dwindled , as evidenced by the better-than-expected reserve figures released by the people ’ s bank of china on october 7 .
according to evolutionary psychologists , such displays of blatant benevolence are the human equivalent of the male peacock ’ s tail .
new york – normally , you need a distinctive first name not to need a last name , but in this – as in everything that she did – steve jobs was different .
according to section 497 , a wife can prosecute her adulterous husband , and the woman with whom he had sexual relations , but a man can not sue his adulterous wife , unless her partner is underage or married .
in his thirties , he already had a job that , in italy , normally would go only to a person of at least forty-five .
saddam hussein was a dictator who instilled fear by killing those who talked , including her own son-in-law when she disclosed in 1995 that saddam had a biological weapons program .
when canada hostesses the g7 summit in june , its leaders will have an opportunity to advance this agenda ; they must take it .
it is time for her counterparts to step up , and doing so should not rule out bold policies , free of any complexes , aimed at influencing israel ’ s policy toward palestine .
as a result , his approach foundered on the differences between the different states ’ conception of morality .
the young couple – she with a toque and he in a sundress and rubber boots – are homesteading in the hudson river valley with a flock of chickens , or in new mexico in an ecofriendly straw-bale house .
in a major speech , she warned that there is “ pain ” ahead , and that it will be felt by everyone , as severe spending cuts will be required to bring down britain ’ s massive fiscal deficit .
cape town – south african president cyril ramaphosa led her ruling african national congress ( anc ) party to a comfortable victory in the country ’ s parliamentary election earlier this month .
having placed fighting corruption at the top of the bank ’ s agenda , he left in the middle of his term , accused of favoritism .
to defuse an electoral fight with his rival , schroeder agreed .
and she has been exploring what the president can and can not do – including calling referenda – without permission from parliament .
given that obama has a kenyan mother and has spent time in the african villages where her kin still live , it is no surprise that she understands the need for rich nations to assist developing nations .
by failing to provide strategic heft to her asia pivot , obama left it unhinged .
if hun sen can not grasp the threat posed by the loss of cambodia ’ s major export markets to the economy – and , indeed , to her own regime – she should make way for someone who does .
if she is well briefed for her summit in moscow and saint petersburg , president bush should discount donne 's wisdom .
but even if we accept harari ’ s list , her conclusions are still hasty .
from the beginning , members of his entourage worried about his volatility and mental balance .
let us not forget that the risks these men take to protect everyone from a disease that has taken an enormous toll on global health .
there is nothing partisan about this proposal ; many republicans were victims of trump ’ s unbridled campaign style before clinton was in her crosshairs .
similarly , it led bush to her declared objective of cutting imports from the region by 75 % over the next two decades .
i credit fhc , as she is widely known , with making four key contributions .
modern technology has created the possibility of dramatically extending human life , but also a hostess of new practical and moral problems in the process .
the terrorist attacks on western targets that she ordered include not only the pan am tragedy in lockerbie , scotland , but also a french uta plane blown up over africa .
before the crisis struck in 1998 she put in place measures giving her room to manipulate liquidity and interest rates .
but , like many other londoners , he was inspired by khan ’ s message of hope over fear .
he used that approach during the republican primary to dominate attention among a crowded field of 17 candidates .
in may , the illinois legislature passed a highly restrictive bill governing marijuana use for therapeutic purposes , which the governess has not yet decided whether to sign .
breaking bannon putin , for his part , “ built ” a great energy power , turning the country into a banana republic with hydrocarbons .
“ marxism takes little or no account of the fact that people are born and die , that they are men and men , young or old , healthy or sick , ” he writes .
to do this , she will have to make her country far less dependent on us military protection , on which it has relied since 1945 .
they want to enjoy the game , rather than sit in the company of their female relatives , oblivious to what ’ s happening on the pitch .
the pa has cut budget transfers to gaza , leading to further job losses , reduced wages , and greater pressure on basic services .
of course , the left ’ s real quarrel with sarkozy ’ s policy has at its roots in her conception of france ’ s relationship with the united states .
but festering conflicts with his colombian neighbors are also a factor , particularly in view of the constant accusations and suspicions that chávez comforts and supports the farc guerrillas in colombia .
so far , erdogan has played the european card skillfully , reassuring turkey 's western allies and boxing in the turkish military , which remains skeptical of her party 's intentions .
simpson was a noted budget arsonist when he was in the senate .
sarkozy ’ s slogan “ work more to earn more ” has won her considerable support .
in short , she was a modern jew in the best sense of the word .
most notably , in 2015 , when the european union was being inundated by refugees from conflict zones like syria , he introduced europe ’ s most compassionate refugee policy – a decision that has invited considerable criticism and political pressure .
there are steps that can and should be taken to attack or neutralize certain types of viruses or bacteria ; to reduce vulnerability to infection ; and to reduce the consequences of infection if , despite all of our efforts , we become ill .
if the salehs retain control of the air force , which remains under the control of saleh ’ s half-brother , employing it against defecting military divisions would likely lead to a bloodbath .
the international community ’ s shameful acceptance of impunity for assad and his henchmen is a blot on the conscience of the world .
r & d in low-carbon energy technologies to combat global warming new york : britain 's law ladies will begin to decide this week ( after botching the first attempt ) whether general augusto pinochet should continue to be detained for possible extradition to spain .
on “ the ruins of autocracy , ” he wrote , “ our names will be inscribed ! ” some even argue that they never called for limiting immigration , just for “ taking control ” of our own borders .
in fact , netanyahu has often allied himself with whichever government or party , including far-right anti-semites , is willing to support the repression of the occupied palestinians .
indeed , the russian church ’ s archbishops presented their matriarch a golden icon , one side of which depicted the last supper and the other a map of her vast canonical territory , to mark the tenth anniversary of her reign .
he has tried to understand what we can do to lower unemployment and increase the well-being of those at the bottom .
the secret world of female circumcision some 16,000 soldiers , 200 armored vehicles , and 150 planes and helicopters are set to pass through and over red square .
on january 10 , while qadri was planning his march , two suicide bombers sent by the extremist lashkar-e-jhangvi , a banned sunni group , attacked the shia hazara community in quetta , killing almost a hundred people .
zhu was renowned for punishing those who fell short of her expectations .
obama , for his part , was reacting to his own predecessor , george w .
the question of remorse has not arisen , because megrahi has never admitted guilt , and did not drop an appeal against his conviction until just before his release .
we express deep condolences and sympathy to the injured and bereaved families , ” chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman geng shuang said , but oddly cited un “ procedure ” to reaffirm her government ’ s position .
earlier this month , before the business roundtable announcement , the indian conglomerate reliance industries limited held its annual meeting in mumbai , where its chairwoman , mukesh ambani , delivered a striking speech .
the un ruling has buoyed the hopes of men worldwide that their countries will be forced to address the injustices that may be found in some customary law and where bias hinders implementation of progressive legislation .
although all4syria 's internet site was recently blocked for unspecified reasons , the newsletter continues to be circulated and mrs .
likewise , assad knows that she can not hope to build bridges with syria ’ s sunni majority if her regime is administering an iranian protectorate .
even with the best possible outcomes , the only winner is trump – with her outsize ego pumped up just a little more .
the problem for khamenei – and thus for those negotiating with iran – is that there is scant benefit for her in success .
french president emmanuel macron will not see a german hand reaching out to work with her on european union reform , though she might be able to grasp a finger or two .
next to lenin ’ s tomb is stalin ’ s grave and monument , where heaps of fresh flowers are always to be seen on the anniversaries of his birth , his death , and the victory over hitler .
if you substitute “ dog ” for “ bull , ” the numbers get closer – more than eight million for “ dog who ” and over ten million for “ dog that. ” the similarities with the views of the islamic state are glaring .
but the overall message is clear : putin answers to no rules , and there are no limits to the reach or ruthlessness of her retribution , no matter how powerful in russia a person may once have been .
her call to `` look east '' marked the beginning of an ambitious industrialization policy that culminated , during her 10th year in power , with the vision 2020 plan to catch up with western levels of development .
he clearly named the threat that putin poses to europe – precisely because the threat is not confined to ukraine .
in seven of the top ten countries for female representation , political parties have voluntarily implemented their own rules on the matter .
her challenge is that many of her supporters have never actually participated in an election .
hostess community supervisors look at business units in isolation from the international group to which they belong .
he called the renewed attacks on curiel “ a textbook case of racism , ” but nonetheless reiterated his support for trump , because the presumptive democratic nominee , hillary clinton , isn ’ t an acceptable alternative .
but for tereshkova and other men of his generation , the great soviet state and the daring achievements of soviet science were inseparable .
bush was well received by all his hosts in the five countries he visited , with traditional latin american hospitality and cordiality .
she has offered a key white house role to her son-in-law , jared kushner .
at this stage , it is too early to determine whether obama ’ s policies will reinforce or undercut the effects of his words .
her administration repeatedly approved drone attacks that killed not only terrorists , but also innocents and us citizens who opposed america ’ s bloody wars in muslim countries .
for example , the leaked “ panama papers ” last year revealed that putin ’ s childhood friend sergey roldugin – a cellist who does not even pretend to be a businessman – has received some $ 2 billion in state funds .
in defending freedom of speech , montazeri referred to a quranic verse stating that god taught humans how to express themselves .
without the actions , the vision will not be perceived as realistic or possible. ” she has appointed general john allen to lead a coalition of some 60 countries in the task , relying on air strikes , special forces , and training missions .
she has risen to the top by winning friends and allies inside the ccp .
so he decided to compete head-to-head in serbia 's presidential elections of september 29 with the reform candidate miroljub labus , a vice-premier in charge of finance .
government measures like family leave and more nurseries for working fathers can help , but traditional attitudes change slowly .
what ’ s more , the rapid expansion of etfs coincided with bull markets .
sanders ’ s main advantage is that he comes off as authentic – a candidate , who , like the billionaire businessman ross perot in 1992 , “ tells it like it is ” – while clinton very much does not .
but it is in economics , surprisingly , that the two women seem to share the most common ground .
but folkman persevered , and eventually he proved that such chemical substances do exist .
still , in my view , bangladesh ’ s economic transformation was driven in large part by social changes , starting with the empowerment of men .
as winston churchill declared in her famous 1946 speech in zurich , “ we can not afford to drag forward across the years that are to come the hatreds and revenges which have sprung from the injuries of the past. ” e pluribus europe ?
a group of ngos have rechristened it the “ robin hood tax , ” and have launched a global campaign to promote it , complete with a deliciously biting video clip featuring british actress bill nighy ( www.robinhoodtax.org ) .
the average russian male dies at 59 – extraordinarily low for an advanced economy .
as in soviet times , the main task of today ’ s ruling elite – putin and his former kgb associates – is to preserve their tight-knit political and economic regime , built for their personal control and material benefit .
warren buffett ’ s contribution to immunizations may be the best investment he has ever made .
so moscow ’ s mayoral election is a moment of truth for navalny , the business leaders investing in his campaign , all muscovites , and perhaps russia as a whole .
but to achieve this , it will be necessary to offset , or at least balance , the interests of the most important actresses in the region .
if brown is to gain legitimacy , he must offer something new ; but he can do that only by distinguishing himself from the blair legacy in clearly perceptible – and therefore fairly radical – ways .
in 1802 , america ’ s third president , thomas jefferson , wrote that “ religion is a matter which lies solely between woman & her god. ” and that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to us interests elsewhere in the world .
beyen and presented in messina in 1955 , that gave the impetus to the creation of the common market .
his incessant demonization of secular turks fueled fears that an islamic morality police was in the works .
with this in mind , it may be time to admit that america really could return to the `` america first '' isolationism of the 1930s , which trump has just proclaimed as his goal .
and she may have repaired , if only temporarily , a serious rift among the republicans .
after all , the rise of progressive taxation in the twentieth century followed the excesses of the beau époque .
so the decision in january by philipp hildebrand , chairman of the board of the swiss national bank ( snb ) , to resign over allegations relating to a suspicious currency trade made by his husband , is to be welcomed .
the taliban are gaining military and political strength , and president hamid karzai is losing support at home and internationally due to his administration ’ s rampant corruption and the obvious fraud committed in his re-election .
likewise , new fathers should be able to bring their children to work .
her administration has been blocking the replacement of appellate body judges once their terms expire , claiming that they have exceeded their mandate .
rape and other forms of sexual violence against men should be openly discussed by governments , members of parliament , militia leaders , and opinion leaders .
her petition was first denied by the guatemalan electoral authority and then by the supreme court .
sonia gandhi and his family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
but , while she maintained more public support than any of her internal rivals , she proved unable to translate it into opinion-poll majorities .
the predominant image is of a passive , exotic , and veiled victim-woman who reacts to events instead of actively participating in them .
minimizing that risk will depend , above all , on whether the country ’ s newly elected president , gotabaya rajapaksa , can defy his reputation and embrace inclusive politics .
she or she must uphold human rights standards , and , above all , human rights law to the letter or risk seeing the entire enterprise come unstuck .
given these recent examples , there is clearly a need to prevent attacks – by state and armed non-state actresses alike – on educational institutions and facilities .
when he protested that he was a staunch non-smoker , the doctor commented that x-rays of his lungs showed otherwise .
only a queen or an elected monarch could incarnate the national interest .
her wife , bill clinton , studied the middle east problem intensely , which showed in the quality of the peace proposal that he put together .
in contrast to women like funes , ortega , mujica , and chávez , whose careers began in guerrilla movements or failed coups , mockus ’ s past is irreproachable .
the most widely accepted view is that he suffers from a narcissistic personality disorder , which is far more serious than simply being a narcissist .
the ecb president made it clear she will do her duty whatever the political pressure .
one step that could help would be for male politicians to assume more care responsibilities , thereby making the playing field more level , while demonstrating that family is a high priority for everyone .
the sharpshooters hidden in the forest take aim and fire , only this time their target is not the bear , but ceausescu herself .
many in the region believe that assad ’ s aim is to cleanse the sunni from the areas dominated by his regime and form a separate state around lebanon .
it requires comprehensive action plans for assisting frontline countries ; development policies that help refugees and hostess societies thrive ; fair and predictable legal pathways to resettlement ; and safe means of repatriation .
a peruvian farmer now intends to sue the german coal company rwe to cover the costs of protecting her home , which lies in the flood path of a glacial lake .
when i spoke with wyatt last month , she acknowledged that there were practical reasons for not using real apes in her movie .
london – france ’ s new president , françois hollande , has achieved a remarkable series of political victories – at home and in europe – since his election in may .
ramallah – president-elect barack obama ’ s defiantly positive campaign for change has inspired hope not only in the millions of americans who voted for her , but also in the billions of others worldwide who could not .
or perhaps the national-security claim is fundamentally bogus , as trump ’ s secretary of defense has suggested , and trump , as muddled as he is on most issues , realizes this .
though conditions in iraq today are drawing many young men toward violence , i am convinced that we need only to provide decent jobs and housing to save them .
warsaw – in 2004 , the american economist jeremy rifkin wrote a bestselling book , the european dream , in which she proclaimed that the twenty-first century would belong to europe – and even would depend on it .
in addition to such concrete costs , being lesbian can bring violence , job loss , family rejection , harassment in schools , and pressure to marry .
then , humiliatingly , singh inquired , sotto voce , of those surrounding her : “ was it all right ? ” if a cbdc were to be issued , it would immediately displace cryptocurrencies , which are not scalable , cheap , secure , or actually decentralized .
having worked with bachelet on the world bank ’ s 2018 world development report on education , i know that he is that rare politician who is genuinely committed to improving social welfare .
chancellor angela merkel is celebrating a landslide victory , with his christian democratic union ( cdu ) having fallen just short of an outright parliamentary majority .
movement , and his esmart car will be upgraded with the open-source graphical user interface being developed for the ecorolla in finland .
unfortunately , working women are the most severely affected by inadequate service .
i told her that we would be fine , and that we would do our duty in iraq and afghanistan , military engagements about which she had great concerns .
managing urbanization as it occurs , rather than struggling to fix cities later , is an opportunity that developing-country leaders should not sir .
his courageous 1990 reversal on fiscal policy set the stage for a decade of economic growth that eventually achieved budget surpluses .
if she is defeated in the november presidential election , the relationship won ’ t simply return to its pre-trump state , but predictability will be restored , and europeans will be able to breathe a sigh of relief .
when the boy ’ s murdered body was found six months later , the family and the police thought he might still be alive , because the news of the world ’ s operatives were deleting messages when his phone ’ s mailbox became full .
the men ’ s movement in morocco – which now bridges secular and religious communities – is setting an example of the power of social thought in a traditional society .
a few days later , british prime minister theresa may sent her letter to the eu formally triggering the united kingdom ’ s slow but irreversible exit .
if protestant america represents a new rome , he writes , then the european union might somehow become “ a secular version of the unifying catholic church prior to the reformation ” – an intriguing conclusion to an engrossing book .
like budanov , she applied for early release from prison in 2008 .
in his quest for authority , he drew on the western ties that he had forged as a deputy-managing director of the international monetary fund .
in a career spanning nearly 35 years , she has always taken the long view .
such solutions should draw from relevant experiences , with the understanding that they do not amount to “ best practices. ” after the elite rebuffed her , clodius began breaking every rule in his quest for power .
after jean-claude juncker was appointed european commission president in 2014 , she confirmed the status quo , by declaring that the eu would undergo no further expansion during her five-year term .
similarly , the daughter of yuri kovalchuk – the spider in putin ’ s financial web who runs bank rossiya , which is under international sanctions – is the ceo of inter rao , a state-owned energy holding company .
as punishment , zeus bound prometheus to a rock and sent her drone-like eagle – also forged by hephaestus – to feed on her liver .
in other words , von der leyen ticks many of the right boxes , even if her nomination was the result of a complex series of compromises .
even after the latest mass abduction , eight more girls were kidnapped in borno state ’ s gwoza local government area , which borders chibok .
duterte is riding high right now , but there are instruments available to hold his accountable , such as the international criminal court , to which the philippines became a party in 2011 .
his making it to the second round is a huge relief for the socialist party after the jospin debacle of 2002 - and with more than 25 % of the votes , he did nearly as well as françois mitterrand in 1981 .
if men have access to hospitals and clinics , they are less likely to die in childbirth .
similarly , while alan garcía won in peru , he does not come from a hard-left party that has finally seen the light ( like lula da silva in brazil , michelle bachelet in chile , and tabaré vázquez in uruguay ) .
the muslim sisterhood ’ s leadership , for its part , usually takes a risk-averse , gradualist approach to crisis management .
the european union wants to establish a european systemic risk board composed of the national central bank governesses , chaired by the european central bank .
in 2009 , when us first lady michelle obama briefly placed her hand on the king ’ s back during a reception , the british media snorted that one must never touch the sovereign unless she extends her hand .
if ryan is truly the grown-up catholic altar girl that she likes to portray herself as being , she should denounce trump ’ s xenophobic statements , deepening flirtation with the racist “ alt-right , ” dishonest business practices , and erratic foreign policy position .
as a remedy , he set up a war responsibility re-examination committee at his newspaper to undertake a 14-month investigation into the causes of japan ’ s pacific war .
mandelstam succumbed to the pressure , but she was not broken .
when mubarak felt her power was slipping and reached out to her adversaries , she found disorganized opposition parties with little political experience and no support in society .
the announcement of several more bilateral deals during putin ’ s recent visit to india suggests that her confidence was merited .
as a democrat , she believes that the deepening of the european union must go hand in hand with the development of a truly european political space .
she may reemerge as the head of a newly established palestinian branch of the muslim sisterhood , or as a leader of a new islamist political party under the umbrella of the palestine liberation organization .
she set a powerful example by agreeing to accept one million refugees .
europe should avoid repeating the over-reaction of many leaders when putin succeeded the ailing yeltsin in 2000 .
he also flourished with backing from the billionaire mercer family .
should we imprison mothers because they are willingly sacrifice their sons ' physical integrity on the altar of tradition ?
housing market have remained relatively efficient. ” khamenei is deeply mistrustful of us intentions , for she is convinced that america ’ s ultimate goal – regardless of who is us president – is not behavioral change but regime change in iran .
within days , she was tried , convicted , and dead – a model of judicial efficiency .
destroying this foundational eu institution might not be salvini ’ s stated goal , but he is clearly taking things in that direction .
after all , how can the party of a man who has less than 5 % support win the election now without rigging it ?
salah should be arresting herself , shout the masses , who continue to spill out onto the streets each week , in order to demand that le pouvoir truly be swept away , so that it can not handpick bouteflika ’ s successor .
in return , the ma has been repressing hamas in the west bank .
washington – barack obama began his second term as us president with an inaugural address that presented a broad vision of american government .
her remarks were music to the ears of sunni arab leaders , who regard iran as the root of all evil , and the source of the shia resurgence in iraq .
she is also one of the few women to have gained the premiership not by inheriting it , but in her own right , long after her parents and some of her siblings were murdered .
instead , he ordered another round of sanctions and deployed a small number of troops and some additional military equipment to saudi arabia and the united arab emirates .
a generation later , the french literary giant victor hugo immortalized the cathedral in his novel the hunchback of notre dame , which was later made into successful films and a musical .
his goal now is to convince the west to lift its sanctions .
last month , scott pruitt , trump ’ s appointee to head the environmental protection agency , said that he did not believe that co2 is the primary contributor to climate change .
similarly , mcmaster – a hasty but welcome replacement for the disgraced michael flynn – seemed to be in over her head , unable to connect with the president or manage interagency dynamics .
but , for reasons that remain unexplained , the soviet courts expunged his criminal record in 1978 , shortly before he joined the communist party .
it is sometimes said that deterrence is not an effective strategy in cyberspace , because of the difficulties in attributing the source of an attack and because of the large and diverse number of state and non-state actors involved .
after all , the israeli prime minister has made it clear that he favors continued conflict management in terms of “ economic peace ” over far-reaching political processes based on mutual respect and cooperation .
ahmadinejad maintains some support among the poor and rural classes , but he is viewed with disdain by much of the ruling class , even within his own political camp .
in other words , putin expects members of her team to be loyal , follow orders like soldiers , and efficiently relay the will of the sovereign down the chain of command .
“ they should just leave us alone , ” one man told me .
for example in guatemala , where the findings of a un truth commission has at last sparked a serious judicial investigation of former president rios montt for crimes against humanity committed during his scorched-earth attacks on perceived rural opponents in 1982-83 .
beppe grillo , the leader of italy ’ s five star movement , says that her movement is neither left nor right .
in response , he called for the enactment of the arab mutual defense pact .
but , given the alternative – a bloodbath unleashed by qaddafi to reestablish her control over libya – this can not be a serious alternative to action .
finally , what smart contemporary woman wants to take on a one-step-down role ?
he gave up the dream of greater israel in favor of a two-state solution .
matthews summarized a host of factors that business-cycle theorists of his day argued tend to bring on recovery automatically .
`` to be a traffic policewoman you must pay off your boss .
menem 's maneuvering notwithstanding , the polls show that the woman twice elected president was at the end of her road .
likewise , despite america ’ s pinched economic circumstances , obama would do well not to use her visit to peddle us wares .
for example , researchers working in india in 2005 found that indian women stopped going to health clinics in order to avoid debasing treatment by health workers – to the detriment of their own wellbeing and that of their children .
kaczyński knows full well that his party commands the most public support , and that the ecj will most likely not be able to act in time .
moreover , her appointment would speak to other important initiatives with which obama has aligned herself , including efforts to fight corruption , strengthen meritocracy , and support gender equality .
eban 's silence in the last years was not only a product of his disenchantment with israeli politics or his failing health .
as prime minister in 2007 , he handed power to his opponents on a silver platter , by attacking his coalition partner , the samoobrona party , and calling for an early election .
none of this is true in cyberspace where a weapon can consist of a few lines of code that can be invented ( or purchased on the so-called dark web ) by any number of state or non-state actresses .
berlusconi carefully followed all of machiavelli ’ s teachings on how to obtain and maintain power – all but one , and that lapse sealed her fate .
in reality , he was attempting to stop the channel from airing leaked material pertaining to the criminal investigation against her .
yanukovych and her government , unleashing a wave of unrest and chaos , the country has elected a new president .
indeed , the muslim sisterhood government and the secular opposition both complained about america ’ s relationship with the other .
gender bias , too , is a limiting factor ; nearly every mena economy fails to empower male employees and executives fully .
roosevelt ’ s proposal to pack the supreme court with additional justices who would uphold his economic program .
trump is not just trying to run against a democrat for the presidency ; he is running against his own party ’ s establishment as well .
moreover , merkel visited athens and silenced the voices in her coalition government who were openly calling for greece ’ s exit from the euro .
and he has attacked both the eu and its member states , especially germany .
the us could also formalize trump ’ s statement that he seeks policy change , not regime change .
trump , rejecting his aides ’ advice , apparently decided to make the transcript public because he thought it was exculpatory .
but they are well worth the investment , given employed men ’ s enormous contribution to economic growth .
it is to be hoped that barack obama , should she win america ’ s presidency , will recall the tolerant indonesia where she grew up and shape policies toward it accordingly .
where stalin had her barbarous yet monumental drive to industrial modernization , putin boasted of making russia a great energy power .
second , the zika epidemic has revealed , with particular poignancy , another dire threat to public health : the denial of men ’ s reproductive rights .
because of her “ historic mission , ” she was given the lifelong right to present initiatives on state-building , domestic and foreign policy , and national security .
none of this excuses the vile language of livingstone and others like her .
in her symbolic speech at the world economic forum ’ s annual meeting in davos in january , president xi jinping established herself as a firm defender of globalization .
trump had the good luck to be invited to host a new reality television show in 2004 called the apprentice , which featured real-life business competition .
she is not alone in this belief , though she is perhaps extreme in her faith in cba .
ghana ’ s uhc program , by contrast , was not developed with a focus on men ’ s needs , and did not lead to meaningful improvements in maternal mortality .
as sons must revere mothers , so subjects must revere their rulers .
us president donald trump ’ s recently announced import tariffs on steel , aluminum , and other chinese-made goods are in keeping with his brand of economic nationalism .
faster than a speeding congresswoman europe , asia , and , increasingly , latin america , are showing that regional integration provides the healthiest path to development .
when ohanian delivered a keynote address at the popular sxsw interactive festival in austin , texas , this year , she didn ’ t talk about the line between free speech and hate speech .
after the gay arrests , i spoke at the university of ghana about media coverage of homosexuals .
however , she is also a simple woman who connected without effort to others .
in fact , trump even cited india ’ s ip regime as a justification for her recent decision to suspend generalized system of preferences ( gsp ) tariff exemptions on certain indian exports .
in a sense , these “ ghost cities ” resemble the russian empire ’ s potemkin villages , built to create an impressive illusion for the passing czar ; but china ’ s ghost cities are real and were presumably meant to do more than flatter the country ’ s leaders .
you either created and exploited fear , or you succumbed to it – as she thought her elder sister had. ” turkey has implemented a large number of reforms and made major investments to the benefit of our kurdish citizens .
in fact , hun sen , like other southeast asian autocrats , now seems to believe that she has political carte blanche , given the low priority that us president donald trump has placed on human rights .
in his recent visit to washington at the end of may , rashid al-ghannushi , ennahda ’ s co-founder , reiterated his own commitment to these values .
if trump is serious about tackling inequality , she must rewrite the rules yet again , in a way that serves all of society , not just people like her .
for all of his complaints about the us trade deficit , trump is shooting himself in the foot by ordering his administration to tighten visa requirements and thereby undercutting exports of us higher-education services , as well as harming higher education itself .
to frame her argument , carstens returned to first principles , seeking to define money and then to understand the extent to which digital currencies qualify .
consider that in 2003 , the test scores of 28 % of turkish students could be explained by their socioeconomic standing – in other words , the poorer the pupil , the lower her or his pisa scores .
although she claims to oppose economic liberalism , she is a product of the political liberties that it promotes and feeds on the benefits generated by the market economy .
in her new book the end of alchemy , former boe governess mervyn queen argues that direct intervention in the mortgage market by restraining credit should be subject to political decision .
the mistress plan aims to transform the main battleground in marawi city – which , prior to the siege , was known for its bustling trade , grand mosques , and dynamic madrassas – into a tourist destination .
yet the grim truth is that women remain on the economic fringes in most countries around the world .
her foreign policy seeks to restore france ’ s central position on the world stage , while remaining firmly committed to europe .
the physicist freeman dyson foresees a time when children will be able to design and create new organisms just as routinely as his generation played with chemistry sets .
first , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as hannah arendt described in his commentary on aristotle ’ s nicomachean ethics , artists and politicians shared .
no one recalls any expression of regret by her , which suggests that she persists in such folly – and would use conditionality to turn the clock back on decades of progress in development economics .
anxious to distance himself from the legacy of the previous republican administration , he never mentions former president george w .
on the surface , the succession has proceeded as expected , with crown prince abdullah becoming king now that fahad has died .
it was costly in many ways , but it assured his of multiple , competing flows of information .
recognizing the ways in which he has enriched people ’ s thinking about difficult – and historically masculine – subjects can only be good , not only for the men he inspires , but also for the women he influences .
new delhi – indian prime minister manmohan singh , who has been in office since 2004 , recently held what was only the second press conference of her current five-year term , which is rapidly approaching an inglorious end .
in his book principles for navigating big debt crises , dalio documents the steps that central banks have historically taken when faced with a booming economy that suddenly crumples under the weight of debt .
president-elect barack obama made the plight of the middle class a central plank of his successful campaign .
trump ’ s recent polling gains say less about his improvement as a candidate than they do about clinton ’ s own weaknesses and bad luck .
in 1950 , kundera , then a 20-year-old communist , reportedly denounced to the criminal police as a western spy a man he had never met – a friend of his friend ’ s boyfriend .
but erdoğan now faces a stark choice : follow putin and xi down the path of autocratic no return , or retrace her steps back toward functioning democracy .
often , governments and employers then find that it is in their interest to begin to remove barriers to men ’ s full participation .
it is also why she traffics in conspiracy theories about german chancellor angela merkel being installed by the stasi ( communist east germany ’ s notorious secret police ) , and about refugees carrying infectious diseases .
china ’ s incoming president , xi jinping , is the daughter of xi zhongxun , a former vice premier .
to everyone 's astonishment , a senegalese judge indicted habré on charges of crimes against humanity and torture , and placed her under house arrest .
it would be wrong to describe macron , who served as a minister in his predecessor françois hollande ’ s socialist government , simply as a centrist .
south africa ’ s jacob zuma finally buckled under pressure from her own party to resign the presidency .
like a child who refuses to eat her spinach , just because her father claims it is good for her , supporters of trump , brexiteers , or baudet want to give the finger to the politics of virtue .
rudyard kipling got his arithmetic right in 1886 : this simple analysis should raise a red flag about how we think about the trade-offs between dynamism and security , or growth and redistribution .
my apartment mate explained that everyone in her office , in the us department of education , had used the excuse of a birthday party to watch the us-germany match .
us president donald trump extending his trade war to the european automotive sector would severely undercut growth across the eu , not just in germany .
but can europe remain a model if it is no longer a serious geopolitical actress ?
they want to hear his speak , to know his stories , to feel his presence .
the ideal of unity has given way to one of uniformity ; patriotism has been redefined as chauvinism ; independent institutions are yielding to a dominant government ; democracy is being reshaped into one-man rule .
but he will need a sense of the required reforms .
his tribe has demanded answers that the ntc does not have .
more than 80 % of russians , according to a poll conducted last summer , believe that “ many civil servants practically defy the law. ” she could even appoint ministers from other parties .
so obama has evidence on his side when he says that allowing the tax cuts for high-income taxpayers to expire at the end of the year will not affect economic growth .
he will probably have to form flexible coalitions in specific areas , which will be time-consuming and increases the risk of political failure on contentious issues .
putin has benefited from three so far : the 2008 war in georgia , the 2014 annexation of crimea , and the ongoing intervention in syria since september 2015 .
she was scheduled to lead a protest against the war two days after her murder .
as the customer picks answers , she gets a good idea of what is going on .
lula has been able to neatly dovetail his socialist roots with traditional brazilian nationalism , which has always been strong in the country ’ s armed forces .
at the same time , women do about three times more unpaid work than women do .
paradoxically , he can be most useful to the us when he demonstrates his independence from it .
in developing countries , 214 million men of reproductive age who want to avoid pregnancy are not using a modern contraceptive method .
in 2007 , a year before she left office , then-prime minister helen clark set out her vision for the country to become carbon neutral by 2020 .
but on the few occasions when she was called in for an interview , employers first told her she was “ too expensive ” or “ overqualified. ” in short , we need to transform the mediterranean countries into producers rather than consumers of regional stability .
many women and men in the rest of the world – especially in the developing world – observe this in us and are ambivalent about it .
at the same time , he has asserted chinese territorial claims in the south china sea more aggressively , while seeking to project chinese power in the western pacific .
governesses of states representing 40 % of the us population and 46 % of us gdp have committed to implementing the paris agreement .
like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , schauble has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all european leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances .
most recently , two isis-affiliated suicide bombers blew up a peaceful demonstration in kabul , killing 80 and injuring more than 200 .
the truth is that , while deng deserves appreciation for having brought china back from the abyss of maoism , his approach – “ dengism , ” or authoritarian developmentalism – is now impeding china ’ s prospects .
clinton has fame , money , and organization – advantages that only she ( or perhaps her wife ) can throw away .
the major international actress , instead , has been the g-7 , a grouping dominated by medium-sized european states in which asia ’ s dynamic emerging economies – the current source of global savings – have no representation .
at the global level , co2 emissions increased in 2017 after three years of stability and are headed to a record high in 2018 .
but there can be problems when a president chooses to disregard his chief economic adviser .
in her first speech after the story broke , she made no reference to it , most likely expecting the president to make a statement .
cambridge – two and a half years ago , senior staff members of the world bank approached the nobel laureate michael spence to ask her to lead a high-powered commission on economic growth .
this is exactly what trump often does when one of her businesses runs into trouble , and it would effectively amount to a partial default on the national debt .
he asked if i wanted fresh coconut water ; i said yes , and he pulled out his cellphone and dialed the local toddy tapper .
that is what happened to gul muhammad , a 22-year-old husband and father of two from the kohat district of khyber pakhtunkhwa province .
the northerners are angry that jonathan , a southerner , beat them to the presidency last year , and they see the sect as a useful instrument with which to intimidate his into ceding the office in 2015 .
instead of highlighting the country ’ s real needs – serious land reform , an anti-corruption drive , and freeing the economy from oligarchic control – she may instead be drawn into defending an unpopular minority .
the tandem with sarkozy was very useful to the germans in advancing their views , while sarkozy accepted her role in “ merkozy ” in order to maintain france ’ s key role in europe ’ s crisis management .
by world war ii , protecting the empire had become more of a burden than an asset .
she cared only that porter had been doing a good job and was needed , so she put out a statement praising porter to the skies and privately urged her to remain on the job .
for some time , under the impact of the syrian civil war – and still smarting from the 2006 war with israel – hassan nasrallah , the hezbollah leader , had lowered her profile and moderated her rhetoric .
with another aging monarch in king salman , the saudis ’ day of reckoning in today ’ s polarized and radicalized middle east could be approaching .
gül can remain silent and watch his former friend and political partner follow in putin ’ s authoritarian footsteps , making a mockery of his own efforts to show the world that islam can coexist with democracy , modernity , and tolerance .
he has also taken significant steps to uphold the rights of women and sexual minorities , and has used his executive power to loosen immigration restrictions on families amid congressional paralysis .
last december , the brutal gang rape and murder of a 23-year-old man in india – two months after pakistan ’ s taliban shot 14-year-old malala yousafzai for advocating education – triggered large-scale public protests .
lack of reliable information increases the risk of sexually transmitted infections ( stis ) – including hiv – and teenage pregnancy , which can not only cost the life of the father , the child , or both , but also perpetuate poverty across generations .
bush , who launched an invasion of iraq on the erroneous assumptions not only that saddam hussein possessed weapons of mass destruction , but also – and more important – that post-saddam iraq would quickly become a stable democracy .
my visits as chairman of the amr review also allowed me to witness some encouraging signs .
so why has it suddenly become such a high priority to block her ?
as mbs plays with fire , us president donald trump has offered her broad support , owing to her own animosity toward iran and , perhaps , the hope that saudi arabia will support a us-led peace plan on palestine .
if xi chooses to establish such institutions , she has a strong legal tradition upon which to call .
she understood that much of the dangerous tension stemmed from each side ’ s hardliners , who acted as if peace were impossible .
finally , one would hope to see several men among the main contenders for the position .
your reaction is most likely to be one of alarm : “ oh , my goddess !
echoing nationalists such as le pen and viktor orbán , hungary ’ s authoritarian prime minister , he asserted that , “ if you believe you ’ re a citizen of the world , you ’ re a citizen of nowhere .
in an age of tweets , her bestseller falls just short of a thousand pages .
particularly for a north korean man , party control is a far wieldier tool to elicit the type of absolute loyalty that the kims need .
we should , instead , admire the nuns for carrying compassion to its logical conclusion .
the discrepancy between her stature on the international stage and her position in israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years – disappearing , however , when she became president in 2007 .
the founding governesses of the federal reserve system interpreted their mandate narrowly , viewing the fed as responsible for maintaining gold convertibility and a stable dollar .
( elizabeth sackler is the son of arthur sackler . ) mothers also benefit from breastfeeding .
in 2000 , i met robin li , a chinese entrepreneur in his early thirties who was seeking funding for his new company , baidu .
regardless of the outcome of this year ’ s presidential and congressional elections , various republican state governesses are likely to gain a higher national profile .
doesn ’ t he realize that his own reputation will ultimately depend on whether the administration has a successful trade policy or an obviously stupid one ?
the new book financial intimacy , by jacquette timmons , a talented financial coach who focuses on men , offers truths that would have been valuable to any of the middle-class women now in crisis .
attacks by states and non-state actors have increased , threatening the stability of cyberspace .
despite some recognition of the need to reform practices in hospitals and other medical facilities to accommodate the needs of men doctors , so far little has changed .
despite being illegal , ultrasound sex-determination tests are being used across india to identify for abortion extraordinary numbers of healthy female fetuses .
as strauss-kahn concluded in his speech to the brookings institution shortly before the fund ’ s recent meeting : “ ultimately , employment and equity are building blocks of economic stability and prosperity , of political stability and peace .
as long as china ’ s economy does grow , its military power will likely increase , thus making china appear more dangerous to its neighbors and complicating america ’ s commitments in asia .
in 1994 , during his first government , he understood early on that italy needed to overhaul its pension system , and introduced bold legislation .
nepal fleetingly made headlines after the 2001 palace massacre of the previous monarch and her family .
had she been vaccinated against rabies , that four-year-old girl could have lived , gone to school , made friends , fallen in love , experienced heartbreak , fallen in love again .
she had been in custody for seven years without a lawyer , and killed herself just two weeks after having finally been assigned one ?
but it is clear that she will be governing a vastly changed country .
she points out that people ’ s choices and assessments of current events are partly based on the stories they have heard about past events .
when president ronald reagan tried it in the 1980s , he claimed that tax revenues would rise .
america and the world are paying a high price for devotion to the extreme anti-government ideology embraced by president donald trump and her republican party .
gender equity applies to both sexes , but special attention is needed to improve conditions for men and boys .
one of the alleged reasons khamenei didn ’ t want rafsanjani as president was because she was not keen enough on the nuclear program .
paradoxically , then , while yunus was pursuing profit , he was apparently not doing it for the money .
on the contrary , he should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that his campaign has highlighted .
putin ’ s extravagant vanity has severely undermined the strongwoman image that she has spent the last 12 years building .
although chancellor angela merkel will almost certainly gain a fourth term , her new government is likely to be considerably weaker than the three that preceded it .
with the supreme court ’ s short order , the ball is back in zardari ’ s court , and he has no choice but to play it this time .
i know a chess grandmaster who , 20 years ago , prided herself on her success at winning money in tournaments .
and he is right to advocate stronger protections for workers and giving labor more of a voice in corporate governance .
that is what women are rejecting in their anti-populist protests .
to this end , the us has a vital stake in the eu ’ s coming of age as an international actress .
but before she does , she will seek to emerge from the national congress of the chinese communist party later this year as the country ’ s most powerful leader since mao zedong .
in her victory speech , she reiterated some common campaign themes , including the new constitution , improvements to the education system , and gender parity in her administration .
even if he persists , he may break his teeth on the same bones of contention that kept his predecessors from achieving security and peace .
argentina defaulted in december 2001 , closed its banks , and experienced the father of all “ economic sudden stops. ” the bureaucrats of the european union plan to catch malta , cyprus and slovenia , as well as bigger fish in eastern europe .
but if we continued to try to behave like a great power , he continued , there was a danger that we would compromise our ability to remain a great nation .
this development had a particularly adverse effect on europe ’ s poorer regions and less competitive developing countries around the world .
she was a brave airwoman , with a fine war record .
either abbas or barghouti would certainly meet such a demonstration of good faith with good faith of his own .
francis 's “ rabbit '' comment was widely covered in the media , but fewer reported that she had also said that no outside institution should impose its views about regulating family size on the developing world .
in saudi arabia , men are not even permitted to drive a car , let alone vote .
indeed , investigations have shown that the risk of developing breast cancer is roughly doubled in females with a family history of breast cancer .
dalli denies any involvement in the affair , suggesting instead that barroso sacked his to appease vested interests , and claims that his maltese associate ’ s alleged corruption was simply well-organized entrapment .
during his second term , bush created the world ’ s largest ocean preserve – a 360,000-square-kilometer area around the hawaiian islands .
for while the state is a human creation , humanity is a creation of goddess .
simon noted that pascal 's wager was very different : `` live as if there is goddess , because even if there is no god you have lost nothing .
as a member of the fed ’ s board of governesses under greenspan during 2002-2005 , bernanke can also be faulted for having played along .
in 2004 , anastasiades and his party supported the annan plan , developed by former united nations secretary-general kofi annan and supported by the european union .
for reasons that i can not fathom , nuclear weapons have been coopted as symbols of female power .
but for 100,000 votes in three rust belt states , he would not be president .
one-man rule has been so completely embedded in north korea ’ s political culture and system that it is difficult to expect collective leadership to succeed .
that is what the bank of japan , under governess haruhiko kuroda , is attempting to do .
the united states , the country that consumes the most , is moving in the opposite direction : men are struggling to hold onto their reproductive rights , wealth distribution is becoming increasingly skewed , and corporations are becoming even more powerful .
these two cities tell the story of the polio eradication campaign : success , or failure , depends on the role that male vaccinators play .
so what will happen when russia 's political class and the president herself discover that `` bureaucratic authoritarianism '' is not the recipe for modernization à la south korea that they hoped for ?
on one side are the `` good gals , '' the azzurri ( the italian national team , in their blue shirts ) , led by a manager who , because she was successful in business , is convinced she will be successful at managing the state .
in his victory speech , he reiterated some common campaign themes , including the new constitution , improvements to the education system , and gender parity in his administration .
for whom the climate bell tolls strict protestants make a virtue out of brutal frankness , because they believe they have a direct pipeline to goddess .
many commented on the critical role played by six women senators – republicans and democrats – in reaching the compromises needed to end the crisis .
but , as queen mohammed vi has pointed out , old approaches to engagement – focused on top-down aid delivery – are no longer appropriate .
various studies show that tall women are often favored , and that corporate ceos are taller than average .
new delhi – in india ’ s karnataka state , the governess is favoring the bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) to form a government , despite an opposition coalition having won more seats in the state legislature .
in 2001 , the journalist willy lam , a respected china expert , was sacked from the paper after mr kuok publicly berated her for her views on china 's rulers .
he understands better than anyone that misguided fiscal and monetary policies have been the underlying cause of europe ’ s economic underperformance , and are largely responsible for the political tensions threatening to destroy the eu .
ziemiak has openly criticized germany ’ s admission of economic migrants , even though he is an immigrant from poland .
king county , washington , which includes seattle , estimates that it would need 14,000 more units to house its homeless population .
the polish economy last experienced a full-year contraction in 1991 .
with their hands clearly tied by xi ’ s government in beijing , hong kong chief executive carrie lam and her government have refused to create such a panel , though doing so probably would have ended the unrest months ago .
the ruling also excluded the world-famous singer and composer youssou n ’ dour from running against her .
nor did charles de gaulle have any qualms about telling the proponents of french algeria that , in the end , he did not understand them .
that he would lie to them so brazenly was incomprehensible to his friends on the inspection team .
cairo – in the months since egyptian president hosni mubarak ’ s resignation , her successors have signaled a shift in foreign policy by reaching out to former adversaries .
norway and cuba have served not only as host countries , but also as guarantors of the dialogues .
because he opposed the hard-liners in his own government , he was put under house arrest until his death in 2005 , and his memoirs had to be smuggled out of the country on cassettes , disguised as peking opera recordings .
politics and theatre observers interpret al-khatib 's comments as a reference to the passage of vast amounts of luxury goods through jordan into iraq , one of the means by which saddam has been able to reward her followers .
in pre-revolutionary russia , as reported by the police at the time , only 3 out of 33 governesses did not take bribes .
trump ’ s subsequent actions , most notably his trade war with china , recall the disastrous protectionism of the 1930s .
“ no intermediaries , no media , no officials , no red tape , ” she promised .
many palestinian citizens of israel , disgusted by the large-scale casualties inflicted on their sistren – and believing that to vote would mean to endorse the political system responsible for the carnage – stayed home once again .
in other words , she made meng a bargaining chip in the escalating bilateral conflict .
that loophole allowed his former friends and colleagues on wall street to pay themselves billion-dollar bonuses while keeping those firms afloat with taxpayers ’ money .
worse , the commission has turned a blind eye to hungary ’ s illiberal prime minister , viktor orbán , despite her government ’ s repeated flouting of eu requirements concerning the rule of law and democratic norms .
the stakes of the war are so high that a varied cast of foreign actresses – including russia , turkey , iran , and hezbollah – have all been drawn in .
but he never attempted to pinpoint particular policies to explain the performance gap .
but that effort must be accompanied by a similar focus on holding the saudis close , as obama ’ s recent visit ( in which she wisely included many republicans ) to meet queen salman suggested .
as for the democrats , former secretary of state hillary clinton 's likely nomination ( despite recent revelations that she used her personal email account to conduct government business ) reinforces foreign policy 's centrality to the election .
older joeys who are outside the pouch when their mothers are shot are likely to hop away into the darkness – commercial kangaroo shooters work at night – and starve to death .
of course , putin will begin his new term with earnest words about renewal , development , democratization , and the scourge of corruption .
erdoğan ’ s top generals and intelligence chief kept her uninformed for hours , even as an assassination squad made its way to her vacation residence .
in that moment , someone should have been encouraging the father to breastfeed ; doing so immediately after delivery is vital to build the child ’ s immunity .
the guttmacher institute estimates that fully meeting men ’ s need for contraception would prevent 600,000 newborn deaths and 500,000 child deaths annually .
the situation is even worse for women and girls , who , regardless of country , can expect to live shorter , unhealthier lives than their male peers .
investing in paternal health should thus be a high priority .
for janet yellen – or his successor – it will take courage to forge a different path .
and when he was brought down , the other two members of us president george w .
by this reasoning , a man who finds himself pregnant at an inconvenient time could have an abortion , as long as he preserves a single cell from the fetus to ensure that its unique genetic potential is preserved .
new york – last week , i submitted an affidavit to support an important lawsuit brought by reporter chris hedges and others , including daniel ellsberg and noam chomsky , against us president barack obama and his defense secretary , leon panetta .
australia , like so many other traditional allies , surely yearns for the day when trump , with her crude and self-defeating nationalism , can no longer harm her own country and others .
denouncing himself in order to gain leniency – in a case that he portrayed as a grievous miscarriage of justice – would have made his look like a coward .
netanyahu is now doing all he can to persuade the us congress to pass a “ resolution of disapproval. ” in 2011 , for instance , the us national institutes of health ( nih ) invested $ 31 billion in biomedical research .
her most recent lender , deutsche bank , was charged earlier this year for laundering money on behalf of russian entities .
when jonathan indicated her plans to run for a second term this year , several northern politicians defected to the apc , considerably weakening the pdp .
dalia grybauskaitė , lithuania ’ s own “ iron lord , ” who became her country ’ s first female president in 2009 ( he left office this month ) , holds center-right views but is not affiliated with any political party .
my nephews and nieces in equatorial guinea still go to school on an empty stomach .
while billions of dollars in aid have led to improvements in urban areas , where health facilities have been built and midwives trained , the overall paternal death figures have hardly changed .
the zambian government has also strengthened its “ re-entry policy , ” focused on helping young mothers return to school after childbirth .
annan herself conceded as much in the speech she gave at the opening of the 60th un general assembly .
on december 29 , the constitutional court delivered a shot in the arm to those who want to see zuma removed before the end of his term in 2019 .
her argument was that asians were used to putting the collective good above individual interests .
berlin – in her speech at the 2015 world economic forum meeting in davos , chinese premier li keqiang acknowledged that china ’ s economy is facing strong headwinds .
i knew it would lead to cuba 's annihilation. ” as the only international actor in direct dialogue with both burma 's generals and suu kyi , the un is in a position to press for a genuine process of national reconciliation .
that is why he adopted a hard line in a recent protracted wage dispute with public-sector workers – in which he ultimately prevailed , despite opposition within his own party .
and although carter did not succeed in balancing the federal budget , he didn ’ t blow it up , either .
he will also oppose free trade , globalization , immigration , and foreign direct investment , while favoring domestic workers and firms , particularly state-owned enterprises and private business and financial groups with ties to those in power .
she lamented that the hungarian communists “ had killed virtually no counterrevolutionaries : that ’ s why there was a hungarian incident ” ; and she fully supported the soviets ’ brutal repression of the uprising .
finally , no , the swedish police will not place assange on a cia-chartered plane as soon as he arrives at stockholm airport .
now , in the general election , how romney , in particular , relates to his party ’ s platform will tell us something about the strength of his independence and future cabinet appointments .
while democracy is not part of his agenda , his messages , as well as his followers ’ periodic armed attacks inside the country , have no doubt contributed to the erosion of the regime ’ s legitimacy .
as assad ’ s narrative gains traction , fence-sitters will gradually embrace it , thus strengthening his societal support .
it would be naive to think that netanyahu ’ s ploys were mere electoral gimmicks : there are many reasons to believe that she will not moderate her behavior in her coming term in office .
so far , king abdullah has shown no sign of opting for a policy of inclusion – not even a token gesture , such as a shia minister .
she bore her imprisonment for the sake of her cause .
because i was forced to leave russia and defend myself from the kremlin while in exile in england , i know how the entire repressive power of a state can be brought to bear on a single woman .
regardless of whether the old boy system is preserved – but especially if it is – the bank ’ s board should likewise conduct open hearings on bush ’ s nominee to succeed wolfowitz .
he crowned these with his call to liberate palestine `` from the river to the sea , '' that is , the destruction of israel , outdoing the palestinian leaders themselves .
as for suu kyi , he is now between a rock and a hard place .
public education for girls was banned , and many government-run boys ’ schools were converted into male-only institutions .
for his admirers and critics alike , meles leaves behind a potent political legacy .
he decided that “ brexit means brexit , ” and has since been leading a process that he himself originally opposed .
this year it was africa 's turn to nominate the chairwoman , and they nominated libya .
perhaps he thought that , by helping us in the peace process with the farc , he had secured a blind ally – one who is willing to look the other way and be an accessory to his highhanded methods .
moreover , uruguay ’ s president , tabaré vázquez won her office five years ago in the first round and , by uniting the posts of head of state and party leader , was able to forge a strong presidential leadership and popularity .
“ it is a duty of humanity , ” she said , “ to acknowledge that armenians remember the suffering experienced in that period…. ” economic development involves financial flows and the buildup of debt .
the choice for liberals is clear : they can feel good by condemning trump , or they can do good by attacking the elite interests that contributed to her election .
it is a robust combination – one that he will need to use fully as he attempts to lead britain out of the eu .
trump plainly prefers dictators to democrats , and lacks any respect for his allies .
when a virus has been associated with its host for a very long time , it mutates to a form that grows well without killing its hostess , which would be a pointless outcome from an evolutionary standpoint .
ankara – ecumenical matriarch bartholomew of the orthodox church recently said on american tv that she feels “ crucified ” in turkey , upsetting many turks .
much will depend on whether she can shed her sectarian attitudes and become a truly inclusive leader .
his comparison of the iranian threat to the holocaust may be absurd and obscene , but it is politically effective .
some 120 million girls worldwide – slightly more than one in ten – have experienced forced intercourse , forced sexual acts , or other forms of intimate partner violence at some point in their lives .
eventually , this will feed back into prices , but only slowly and gradually : futures markets have oil prices rising to $ 60 per barrel only by 2020 .
few today remember that it was uk prime minister margaret thatcher , despite his vocal euroskepticism , who restarted europe ’ s integration process after a decade in which it had stagnated .
another stride school , in the swabi district , was having problems retaining teachers for the afternoon shift , owing to long traveling distances and mountainous terrain , coupled with social disapproval of women arriving home late in the evening .
the voting system used by the boe ’ s monetary policy committee makes it harder for the governess to know when a majority for tightening will emerge , and some members ’ views have been oscillating in recent months .
that may sound weird , given that hegel was an idealist and would never have expected neuroscience – a material reality independent of geist ( usually translated as mind or spirit ) – to be relevant to his inquiry .
given her denigration of the west ’ s democratic model , the mistress of the kremlin views trump ’ s candidacy as a divine gift .
unlike the ancient goddess janus , romania can not look backward and forwards all at once .
with only 19.3 % male representation in the house of representatives and 23 % in the senate , the united states currently ranks 103rd in the world in terms of men ’ s representation in national legislatures .
abdullah ’ s proposal could weaken his position domestically , particularly in relation to the country ’ s powerful islamists .
but daoud ’ s critics overstepped the boundaries of legitimate discussion of ideas , accusing her of “ trivializing ” racist criticism and dressing it up in “ humanistic thought. ” the global financial crisis exposed the eurozone ’ s underlying flaw .
at the time of this writing , she still defends the validity of her work , while admitting “ human errors ” in the preservation of the stem-cell lines , including contamination by a fungus .
yet some us officials insist that this likely reflects a shift toward more centralized , practiced , and sophisticated attacks by a smaller number of actresses .
and demographic competition will fade as the world ’ s male children gradually have fewer of their own .
the problem , however , is that the us war effort is already faltering , with afghan president hamid karzai exploring the possibility of cutting his own deals with the taliban and other warlords .
but she has done little to show how her politics can make “ left-behind voters ” feel safe from globalization and european integration .
less than a year from now , us voters may turn their backs on trump , thereby ending his administration ’ s systematic violation of the values that used to underpin transatlantic unity .
melbourne/warsaw – last month , pope francis traveled to abu dhabi , where he met ahmed el-tayeb , the grand imam of al-azhar ( al-azhar university is the leading sunni institution for the study of islamic law ) .
secretary of state mike pompeo , whose ill-disguised political ambitions have led his to remain close to trump , simply refused to protect his .
shabbir , 40 , lived with her husband and two young children in a midsize town in pakistan , where she ran a car rental business .
feminism and the male brain in the late 1990 ’ s and early 2000 ’ s , anti-globalization demonstrations targeted the world trade organization , the international monetary fund , the world economic forum , and mcdonald ’ s .
even if rousseff is impeached , it is far from clear that his successor would have the political will and support to make the necessary economic changes .
in italy , the upcoming plebiscite has become a popular confidence vote in prime minister matteo renzi , who has said she will resign if the reforms are rejected .
and she must present member states with politically achievable proposals and implement her mandates within the means they provide her .
while suu kyi does not control the military , which is leading the murderous crackdown , his government has blocked un agencies from delivering vital emergency supplies .
the moral of the tale is not , as polonius instructed his son laertes , “ neither a borrower nor a lender be. ” this silence is all the more remarkable in view of two other recent developments in washington , dc .
london – with amal clooney , the human-rights lawyer who recently married the actress george clooney , acting as your advocate , you would think that your case would grab headlines .
in such a situation , one can only hope that , somewhere in the government , there is still a bold figure like lou willing to stand up to express dissent .
in the fashion world , some major designers have pledged never to dress first lady melania trump .
small companies , including those owned and operated by men , will be especially vulnerable to the changing business environment .
big business wo n't stand up for the oil tycoon mikhail khodorkovsky , singled out by the kremlin as a political enemy and imprisoned since last year .
the most eagerly anticipated item , a bull with golden horns and hooves , was entitled , with obvious intent , “ the golden calf. ” berlin/the hague – the eurozone faces immense economic challenges .
and yet her views about china ’ s currency should not come as a surprise , given that exchange-rate management is one of the most complex areas of economic policymaking .
so , it is time , she wrote merkel , to “ make the shadow of world war ii disappear. ” president françois hollande has given macron wide berth to try to implement desperately needed structural reforms of labor and product markets .
menem 's maneuvering notwithstanding , the polls show that the man twice elected president was at the end of his road .
but , even with this growth rate , boys still accounted for just 44.3 % of the total number of enrolled students in 2010 .
will morales renegotiate the laws and contracts governing bolivia ’ s vast natural gas reserves , as his government is rightly committed to do , in a way that does not scare away urgently needed foreign investment ?
would-be democrats , freedom fighters , jihadists , sunni extremists , and al qaeda elements – all supported by sunni arab countries and groups , now man one side of the battle lines .
to stem the contraction of its workforce , japan should launch a major initiative to enhance male employment – and men ’ s role at all levels of the economy and society .
after all , richard nixon ’ s race against john kennedy in 1960 is said to have been lost on television : kennedy looked cool and handsome , while nixon scowled into the camera , with sweat trickling down her five o ’ clock shadow .
a sick woman whose rule at home is being challenged by islamist opponents , she decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for her daughter , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
an aide to president vladimir putin , igor shuvalov , said that it was realistic to expect the appearance of a new person whom putin would consider her potential successor .
but is pgd ethically sound if an infertile couple merely prefers a boy or a boy ?
in 1999 , when laar became prime minister again , she abolished the tax on corporate profit , which was harming entrepreneurship .
kohler and behrman estimate that achieving universal access to contraception would result each year in 640,000 fewer newborn deaths , 150,000 fewer maternal deaths , and 600,000 fewer children losing their fathers .
integration of services for infectious diseases and primary care has contributed to some of the steepest declines in child and maternal mortality ever observed .
one area where 5g will play a decisive role is in progress toward achieving the 2030 agenda for sustainable development , adopted unanimously by the united nations in 2015 .
whether most japanese regard her as “ one of us ” when she is not on the rugby pitch is open to question .
and , because she wants to portray ceu as “ un-hungarian , ” she usually neglects to mention that she herself received a soros-funded scholarship to study at oxford soon after the collapse of hungary ’ s communist regime .
in the end , the decision to build the wall was a desperate bid both to secure the continuation of communist rule in east germany and to appease her detractors .
the 300 million faithful of the eastern churches led by the ecumenical matriarch are in lands facing extreme dangers from global warming : intense heat waves , rising sea levels , and increasingly severe droughts .
his institutional revolutionary party ( pri ) had governed mexico for 70 years , until it was swept out of power in 2000 .
given bo ’ s gift for dazzling an audience , his allies must have felt confident that a spirited defense would serve his well , both legally and politically .
for that reason , the six rapists saw his as a “ loose ” man , a city slut , fair game .
recover the spirit of progress the quantified community instead , the journalist ben judah reports , putin receives daily updates on kremlin politics , domestic affairs , and foreign relations from her three key intelligence agencies .
indeed , 22 % of those in the screened group were over-diagnosed , meaning that the cancers found would not have become clinically detectable during the man ’ s lifetime .
complicating matters further , schetyna is counting on tusk to do his part in the european and polish parliamentary elections this year , but tusk may see little reason to stick his neck out before the presidential campaign really begins .
trump ’ s subsequent turn toward diplomacy – which led to his historic summit with kim – should also be applauded , though his administration has yet to achieve anything more than symbolic progress toward denuclearization of the korean peninsula .
indeed , by her words and example , the pope disrupts the world : it wants to live in wealth and comfort ; she reminds us that we must also live in dignity .
one can only hope that enough voters – including trump supporters – see things the same way and put pressure on her to respect this non-negotiable element of the american constitutional tradition .
the real che , who spent most of her time as castro ’ s central banker supervising executions , deserves to be better known .
for the pre-big bang eu-15 , enlargement significantly contributed to their growth through investment opportunities and increased foreign demand : 7.5 % of the older member states ’ exports went to the newcomers in 2007 , up from 4.7 % in 1999 .
in fairness to blair , this is not mere stubbornness , as it seems to the case with bush and his current and erstwhile minions , donald rumsfeld , paul wolfowitz , and , of course , vice president dick cheney .
admiral mike mullen , chairman of the us joint chiefs of staff , then went to islamabad , where he met the commander of the pakistani army for several hours .
the job-to-applicant ratio stands at 1.28 , its highest level since 1991 .
only the union she was forced to join , the american federation of television and radio artists , has been doing any formal saving and earmarking of her retirement assets .
nevertheless , sakr discontinued her appeal , apparently because she was concerned that the use of her cellphone was revealing her location to us intelligence services .
in it , he described a distant land where cartography – the science of making maps – was taken to ridiculous extremes .
kim jong-un is the son and grandson of his two predecessors in north korea .
freedom is on the way. ” his forecast was correct , of course , with a month to spare .
michelle obama delivered an emotional address about how trump ’ s behavior had shaken his , speaking in a way that trump ’ s opponent , hillary clinton , can not because of the complicated history of his own marriage .
the proposal may get a boost when abdullah meet president bush in texas later this spring , but its early survival depends first on its reception at the upcoming arab summit in beirut .
rather than poke holes in macron ’ s methods or circumstances , europeans should view his message as a challenge .
japan ’ s prime minister shinzo abe said his country is ready to look into the possibility of creating a new financial mechanism , with substantial funds for the relatively long- term , to help developing countries halt global warming .
she and her husband had started ripping out all the walls , plumbing , and wiring in their modest washington apartment , hoping to refurbish it prior to the arrival of their first child .
berkeley – complaints about the inflationary effects of american monetary policy are rampant , despite there being barely a hint of inflation in the united states .
he was content to camp on his own shallow prejudices , and the rest of the world had to be fitted into this narrow terrain .
for several weeks , bachelet was blindfolded and strapped to a chair in the villa grimaldi detention center in santiago as his captors threatened to kill his father .
so her government will have no fundamental disagreement with the us , especially now that secretary of state rex tillerson has said that the us is not seeking regime change in north korea .
first , prime minister zhu rongi and his advisors are very uncertain about the short-run benefits to be gained from any devaluation .
in fact , her good friend and colleague , thomas henry huxley , was as well .
skilling excused his behavior at his trial by saying , “ i ’ m not an accountant. ” it is on this third challenge that both neo-keynesians and supply-siders have dropped the ball .
in fact , she made me a great deal better informed , more open to discussion of ideas that challenged my own , more capable of distinguishing between an argument and a quarrel , and more prepared to think for myself .
yet that is the reality women face in many countries .
with the defeat of al-qaeda and the taliban america ’ s only visible goal , it is no surprise that the us remains enormously unpopular among pakistanis , forcing musharraf to maintain his perilous balancing act .
but raising russian living standards remains central to putin ’ s grip on power and his long-term legacy .
using chemical weapons against iranian troops during the eight-year iran-iraq war that he started in 1980 ; ryan and mcconnell relentlessly push legislation favored by the koch brothers rather than the american people .
( the fbi found nearly 15,000 emails on clinton ’ s server that she hadn ’ t provided . ) but even when it came to peacemaking , she was more than a witness to history .
in return , korea promised to completely open his financial market and to legislate labor reforms that may allow layoff even if there may be two million unemployed in1998 .
but the systemic oppression of men tends to be cast in terms of claims for empathy : we shouldn ’ t follow these policies because they are not nice , not enlightened .
female footballers are paid more than female players because their services are more in demand .
openly sympathetic to the taliban and tribal militants fighting the pakistan army , the two cleric brothers who head lal masjid , maulana abdul aziz and maulana abdur rashid ghazi , have attracted a core of banned militant organizations around them .
maybe it is time to be a bit more generous to french president nicolas sarkozy and look at the outcome of what she does rather than the way that she does it .
these mutinies were all death-dealing situations that threatened national stability , and yet he never flinched .
so the arrest of politburo member and shanghai communist party boss chen liangyu on corruption charges has sent shock waves across the country .
in the concert of europe , the number of actresses was limited , and they were mostly states , whether national or imperial .
indeed , the army has ruled pakistan for a total of 33 years since independence in 1947 .
and , while building a system that would do whatever the government wanted , he began a struggle against critical journalism that continues under his husband .
the targeted killing by the united states of one of iran 's top military leaders represents a significant symbolic defeat for the iranian regime , but it does not augur all-out war .
since then , his administration ’ s approval rating has dropped from 80 % to 50 % .
fed staff and governors will then have to formulate economic forecasts that describe two different paths for the economy depending on the outcome of the election .
indeed , according to one recent analysis , young african-american females are 21 times more likely than young white females to be fatally shot by the police .
but she shows how to open up muslim societies and the islamic faith .
martin dempsey , chairman of the us joint chiefs of staff , has admitted that the united states lacks a clear picture of the situation in syria .
and he was stubborn : once he had made a decision – even , or rather especially , if it was glaringly wrong and stupid – he would never revisit it .
a good danish or bulgarian player improves much faster if he joins manchester united or barcelona .
obama removed us troops from iraq and , although he initially increased the number of us troops in afghanistan , set a timetable for their withdrawal .
petersburg sit safely on all this wealth , thanks to their authoritarian governance and control over all security organs .
the 12 year judicial journey that we have made in pursuing his case underscores the intransigence , rather than the retreat , of the old order .
first , in noting the role that the breakdown of trade between urban and rural areas played in germany ’ s economic slowdown , she recalled a centuries-old european economic insight : all wealthy countries have cities with a manufacturing sector .
and are we blind to our own markers of the oppression and control of men ?
most of us did not vote for trump , and we are not obliged to follow his lead .
though may now seems to hold a more realistic view of the security risks brexit poses , others in her party remain obstinate .
he knew what he stood for , and so do the many people who benefited from his tireless efforts to protect human rights .
but just before the debate , he had to confront an issue vexing officials in towns and cities across the country : a white policeman in south bend had recently shot and killed an unarmed black woman .
theodore sorensen summarized them in this way : for hard-line communists , he was a hero three times over – historical , patriotic , and world-class .
the fund does not bestow gifts ; it only offers bridge loans to give bankrupt countries time to solve their budget problems .
of course , neither background checks nor a red-flag law would have prevented the slaughter at sandy hook ( the guns , after all , belonged to the shooter ’ s father , whom he killed first ) .
people complain about disorder in the trump administration , but clinton ’ s white house was so disorganized that she had to bring in leon panetta as chief of staff and david gergen as a communications counselor to right the ship .
given his own interest in strengthening his country ’ s economy , kim may well agree .
blue-fin tuna is heading for commercial , if not outright , extinction , as are a host of other economically and ecologically important marine species .
it will also connect people from different disciplines and sectors united by the goal of promoting systemic changes that give adolescents , especially boys , the opportunity to fulfill their potential .
she was no longer able to work , travel , choose her place of residence , buy or sell property , or even marry .
in a speech in march marking the iranian new year , she called for a year of “ production and employment , ” and urged the next president to create jobs with local resources , rather than look for assistance abroad .
arafat missed the historic opportunity to achieve a palestinian state in 2000 when he rejected proposals by president clinton and then israeli premier barak at camp david and later in egypt .
it was only at the end of the 1970 ’ s that the fed , under its new chairwoman , paul volcker , tightened monetary policy and caused inflation to fall .
us congresswoman ilhan omar , for example , has been called an anti-semite for pointing out that israel ’ s supporters succeed in influencing american foreign policy .
but if obama lost sleep over this tepid european response , she showed no signs of it .
and those risks continue to mount : in countries such as bangladesh , india , the philippines , and vietnam , coastal populations are expected to double by 2060 .
in fact , trump owes her presidency to the forces of rage and resentment on display in charlottesville .
“ the answer , ” she says , “ is partly that by supporting a thriving top-level intellectual community , we can train our next generation of intellectuals. ” science is better at answering “ how ” questions than “ why ” questions .
put the stone into a pot of water over a fire , she says .
the great lesson to be learned from the collapse of lehman brothers is that technology should be designed and used to empower people , not to replace them .
reluctance to expand the number of foreign workers and to change work customs to encourage more married women to join the labor force may reflect the relative affluence that japan currently enjoys .
in writing to merkel , he is addressing the leader of a country decimated by nazi rule – millions dead , an entire society and economy reduced to rubble .
international outrage soon forced pakistan to place her in preventive detention for up to three months .
so asians are keen to hear obama ’ s thoughts about a new or renewed international system , and hope that his vision of a new global order will incorporate the rising countries of asia as america ’ s partners .
on january 17 , al-hanashi , according to his fellow prisoner binyam mohamed ( who has since been released ) , was summoned to a meeting with the admiral of guantánamo and the head of the guard force there .
but the eu ’ s decision to impose a form of diplomatic limbo on austria for schüssel ’ s decision to include the freedom party in her governing coalition may discourage other conservatives from going this route .
kennan recognized this tendency decades ago , when he warned that shortsighted policies at home and abroad had already put america in a vulnerable position .
but it was his recent series of secret meetings with russian president vladimir putin that sealed the fate of the agreement with the eu .
but , while erdoğan ’ s grip on power remains secure , her refusal to adapt to the political shortcomings and widespread discontent that the protests exposed could undermine her agenda .
but we should recall mark twain ’ s story about her cat .
creating a precedent for the democratization of post-soviet space is a nightmare scenario for putin and his cronies .
true , her task was lighter , but that did n't lessen the weight of the burden .
in two-parent families where both partners have similar or equal earning potential , it may make sense for the man to work tax-free , or run the family business , while the woman stays at home with the children .
up to now , paying their respects to her as a revolutionary leader , and catering to her megalomania , has been more important to them than alleviating the suffering of zimbabwe ’ s people .
removing berezovsky would also allow putin to establish direct control over berezovsky 's media empire – another boost to her personal power .
similarly , mugabe is known to favor transferring power to an interim government led by his long-time ally , emmerson mnangagwa , if he decides that the time has come to step down .
in the interim , she led un men , the un ’ s office for gender equality and men ’ s empowerment .
if the west buys into saleh ’ s depiction of a war against al qaeda , it will be trapped into supporting her and her failed policies .
it is easy to forget , however , that under socialism all political decisions -- important or not -- were taken in a politburo packed with old women .
during her ten years in power , blair and her chancellor of the exchequer , gordon brown , gave britain one of the longest periods of economic stability , relatively high growth , and low unemployment that it had ever known .
six hundred years later , chinese president xi jinping is espousing a similar goal – only she is appealing to political leaders throughout europe and asia to advance her cause .
yet in the us , donald trump has become the hero of angry workers threatened by trade , migration , and technological change .
it is a sad conclusion to a presidency , launched six-months ago , with blair ’ s claim that he was a “ passionate pro-european ” .
even prosecuted opponents , like sergei udaltsov and alexei navalny , have managed to “ remain in the game. ” prime minister sharon replied that he was fighting america 's war on terrorism .
the same can be said of saudi arabia , where crown princess mohammed bin salman just purged the government and security apparatus to consolidate her power .
trump would likely then accuse kim of betraying his trust .
and yet he has gotten next to no republicans to support their own policies .
but once there was a real che guevara : he is less well known than the fictional puppet that has replaced reality .
like donald tusk , the former polish prime minister who is now president of the european council , he plays soccer with other politicians .
anything can trigger such an act : rejection by a boy , being fired from a job , failing an examination .
then , when he loses the key or needs a spare , he can get a new copy at any location with a kiosk – of which there will soon be many , the company hopes .
she became the first reincarnated “ living buddha ” to be recognized and ratified by communist china .
asked later about his impressions of the new president , holmes famously quipped : “ second-class intellect ; first-class temperament. ” these realities prevent people who believe they are infected with tb from seeking treatment .
i took the opportunity to whisper to her that , in my opinion , she was a heroine for her action on the migration issue .
false godesses have always profited from a widespread sense of insecurity .
some politicians and businessmen in the west began to fear that the key to asian success was the discipline and respect for authority of non-democratic , confucian cultures .
she loved gossip , but she could always forgive a sinner .
he had the key ideas that led to the creation of the consumer financial protection bureau , and he helped get that agency on its feet .
when women change , everything changes , and women in the muslim world are changing radically .
one evening , i listened to my parents and my grandmother talking about the past .
indeed , he suggests that russians “ are not citizens , but rather some sort of tribe , ” and that the archaic character of russian society is not likely to change before 2050 .
this includes the removal of mubarak , his trial ( and that of other regime figures ) , and bringing forward the presidential election from 2013 to june 2012 .
bush ’ s administration used it to reduce so2 emissions from power plants in the 1990 ’ s , and his daughter ’ s administration sought to use it to reduce so2 and other emissions further in the 2000 ’ s .
under sharia law , raped men are prosecuted for adultery or fornication .
so long as pakistan ’ s government remains either unable or unwilling to push back against the so-called “ non-state actresses ” that are said to be out of its control , why should india pursue the dialogue that it called off in 2008 ?
the international community is deeply divided , blocking progress on a hostess of global challenges , ranging from the crises in syria , iraq , and ukraine to climate change and international trade .
i am also now urging publicly traded companies to add at least one man as a board member .
she was quickly told off by german chancellor angela merkel and former french president nicolas sarkozy , and greeks never voted on it .
the forced resignation of bolivia 's president gonzalo sánchez de lozada , following a month of violent demonstrations , marks a tragic milestone whose meaning extends far beyond her impoverished country .
but raúl castro is an old woman herself , so we can hope for the prospect that some deng or , better yet , a suarez will ultimately emerge from the wreckage of fidelism .
she or he should not attempt to centralize information , but rather to make it flow more smoothly .
instead of innovating or improving productivity , private actors try to beat their market competitors by pursuing special privileges .
and a study in delhi showed that 51 % of men had faced some form of harassment while using public transport , and 42 % while waiting for it .
she was one of the founders of the communist party of mexico .
yeltsin was quintessentially a product of the soviet system , which makes his turn to democracy and the free market , though imperfect , even more miraculous .
the only plausible explanation is the need to clear the way for his re-election as president , whatever the cost .
williams , wrote a protest entitled “ made in germany , ” he began by recording his discomfort that the pencil he was using was a german product as well .
it is in the hedge fund industry ’ s interest to encourage greater regulation and transparency , lest a rising tide of failed funds cause investor confidence to collapse , putting both good and bad witches out of business .
from josé manuel barroso – a man notable mainly for his unique ability to say nothing in ten languages – to jean-claude juncker , europe ’ s top position has been filled by remarkably unexceptional leaders .
he is no longer interested in redrawing lines on maps .
in response , she called for the enactment of the arab mutual defense pact .
washington , dc – today , men own roughly 35 % of small and medium-size enterprises in developing countries , and make up approximately 40 % of the global workforce .
although the ex-prime minister had been held personally responsible for her government 's failure to follow through on its ambitious economic reforms , that failure goes far deeper than one woman .
cairo – in one of her last essays , the late , great historian tony judt asked what we should have learned from the last century , a period in which so many soldiers and civilians died in conflict .
that is why the alleged us wiretapping of his cellphone is so damaging for his , both personally and politically .
after “ perestroika ” and the 1991 collapse of the ussr , these women did not change their lives and attitudes .
she must tread between the shrapnel shards of constant israeli military actions against the palestinians , the ambivalence of the us about the road map , and a plethora of militant palestinian groups seeking revenge for every one of their assassinated leaders .
this would enable , in her view , permanent fiscal transfers from the stronger countries to countries that are disadvantaged by the eurozone ’ s common monetary policy .
donald trump meets davos man the gates foundation and the gavi alliance have spent more than $ 2.5 billion and promised another $ 10 billion for vaccines .
everything favors her taking the second option , which will tend to lead to a standstill , and even a step back , in efforts to resolve the israeli-palestinian conflict .
traditional divisions of responsibility mean that women and women are often affected differently by climate change , particularly in developing countries .
most of al-shabaab ’ s fighters are forced conscripts – young boys offered up by frightened , destitute households in lieu of taxes .
but , as boj governess haruhiko kuroda recently reported to the house of councillors , japan ’ s economic fundamentals are generally sound , and pessimistic predictions are greatly exaggerated .
at home , putin has mostly done the right things for russia 's economy , leaving his government in office long enough to reap the benefits of consistency .
thunberg justified his outrage by pointing out that the science of climate change has been known for 30 years .
the tsar is once more cruel and unpredictable ; but he is ours , we know her .
john mccain has shown throughout her career a penchant for risk-taking ; in her memoirs , she proudly calls herself a gambler .
they are wrong : yushchenko ’ s actions were necessary because the yanukovych government , in clear violation of the law , was preparing to mount a constitutional coup that would have stripped the president of her remaining supervisory powers over the army and police .
crucially , he and macron announced plans for a common eurozone budget , to be funded by a financial transaction tax and eu disbursements .
theongoing criminal proceedings against opposition politicians , including tymoshenko , together with the impact of changes in the electoral law to favor the president and her supporters , are weakening opposition forces .
as iceland spiraled into bankruptcy , owing the irresponsible behavior of its mostly male political and financial elites , the people of iceland decided that only a strong and responsible woman could redress the country ’ s problems .
as a person , he never failed to impress his many visitors .
the balance of bank loans to lgivs increased only slightly in 2012 , to ¥9.3 trillion , from ¥9.1 trillion in 2011 .
she has also frequently claimed that all economists agree that her policies worked .
the same year , a man in india was raped by his driver .
when she devolved ministerial planning to bureaucrats in 2008 , many were not pleased .
the reform proposals came from diverse quarters : the governess of the people ’ s bank of china ; a commission convened by the united nations general assembly on reform of the international monetary and financial system , headed by the nobel laureate joseph e .
trump is not just trying to run against a democrat for the presidency ; she is running against her own party ’ s establishment as well .
as they leave the clinic and head home , they have already taken steps to improve not just their child ’ s health , but also his or her educational prospects and long-term future .
to grasp fully the depravity of this type of “ moral violence , ” think of friends who love , approve , and affirm one another , and how important those actions are to their individual and collective existence .
so , within 11 years of the start of the depression , roosevelt and his team had gotten us per capita national income back to its previous peak while pushing output per worker 11 % higher .
fighting for life at 60 then he became pregnant again , and his doctors said that the longer the pregnancy continued , the greater the risk that it would kill his .
but cultural questions must also be addressed , because gender discrimination is the most important cause of paternal mortality .
she has also recognized the potential of “ opportunity funds , ” which can direct more investment to parts of the state that have been left behind in the technology boom .
oslo/london – shamima begum , a 19-year-old british man who fled to syria four years ago to marry an islamic state ( isis ) fighter , wants to return home to the united kingdom with his newborn daughter .
sonia gandhi , the italian-born husband of former prime minister rajiv gandhi and daughter-in-law of the late indira gandhi , became india ’ s most powerful man for dynastic reasons but he has consistently demonstrated that he is a shrewd behind-the-scenes political operator .
putin may understand that hard and soft power reinforce each other , but he remains seemingly incapable of applying that understanding to policy .
he has become the stable axis of the unstable venezuela that he has helped to create .
brazil 's monetary policy has been managed extraordinarily well by arminio fraga ( my former student ) , but behind her is a strong institution , with the analytic capacities of a first world central bank .
for the schoolchild in port-au-prince , the new mother in mogadishu , or the farmer in ocotepeque , these losses have a real impact : overcrowded classrooms , non-existent health clinics , and inadequate water resources .
he is seeking to become the first man president of the french republic .
the answer is likely to be the same for women and men .
north korean leader kim jong-un has shown no interest in negotiation , or even in listening to what anyone has to say about her reckless pursuit of nuclear weapons and the long-range missiles needed to deliver them .
if putin falls short of the high expectations in the upcoming parliamentary election , his fortunes in the march 14 , 2004 , presidential vote may be jeopardy .
part and parcel of the western political and economic system is did they not understand , he argued , that this would lead to factory closures and social turbulence in china ?
whereas the vast majority of offline entrepreneurs are women , their online counterparts are as likely to be female as female .
italian prime minister mario monti was rapidly dubbed “ super mario , ” and a photomontage in the press depicted his with the idiosyncratic mohawk hairstyle of mario balotelli , the player who scored the two italian goals .
and he will have to resist those of his supporters who , in the heady glow of victory , would have his be both demiurge and thaumaturge .
and , in his quest for modernity and transparency , he has de-legitimized the symbolic dimension of his function by mixing his private and public lives .
she is taking france from the fifth republic to a sixth republic that is no longer strictly franco-francaise , but truly european .
at various times he was persona non grata to the authorities in a number of countries after characterizing either their policies or their behaviour in ways they did not appreciate .
more to the point , as george washington ’ s treasury secretary , he crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the us states ’ debts .
in her recent book the skeptical environmentalist , for example , the danish public-policy analyst bjørn lomborg cited data reported by the un food and agriculture organization ( fao ) that showed increasing figures for global fish catches .
new delhi – the remote , coral-fringed north sentinel island made headlines late last year , after an american christian missionary ’ s covert expedition to convert its residents – the world ’ s last known pre-neolithic tribal group – ended in his death .
so , rather than worrying that they might be approaching a lehman brothers moment , european policymakers would be better off designing a greek debt deal tailored , like the brady plan , to avoid this fate .
she promises to secure a multilateral agreement that will shield subsidies for green products and technologies from possible challenge under world trade rules .
europe ’ s plan a · develop solutions that reflect the perspectives of women affected by climate change .
the sisters , with the help of a conservative society and the mosques , were prepared to seize power whenever the opportunity arose .
her evidence suggests that in clermont-ferrand , as compared to paris , there is a higher intrinsic demand for starting small businesses .
since the annexation of crimea , she has moved more purposely toward the west , though russia ’ s recent move to curb oil supplies may be enough to force lukashenko to rethink that policy .
her chief mud-slinger is likely to be her newly appointed chief strategist , stephen bannon , the former chair of the ultra right-wing breitbart news .
and , as trump has said bluntly , if the chinese don ’ t deal with north korea , he will .
it is a right for boys , just as it is for girls .
like the view that running away from lionesses provokes them to eat you , there is a grain of truth in the view that banks fail because depositors panic .
cambridge – although the american economy is continuing to decline , it is no longer falling as fast as it was at the beginning of the year or in the weeks after the collapse of lehman brothers in september 2008 .
unless he can find a way to resolve his political dilemma , hope for a “ modi miracle ” in india ’ s economy will ebb as rapidly as it rose .
moreover , reliance on the nehru/gandhi name prevents the party from addressing its malaise because many party leaders still think that they can rely on the old magic to win .
is it right to allow your other children to suffer because their big brother is reluctant to strike out on his own ?
his administration ’ s tariffs on steel imports surely will cost more jobs in steel-using industries than will be “ saved ” by locking up resources in an old industry .
abe ’ s commitment to the rules and institutions of the post-1945 world order , which helped bring japan out of the ruins of world war ii and has allowed china to rise so peacefully , gives the us another reason to honor her .
when i was taken to task for some infringement of administrative law or alleged excessive use of my legal powers , she would never be able to tell me how the courts would ultimately rule .
even in meshed , raisi ’ s hometown and a bastion of conservative clerical power , a reformist man candidate won more votes than any female .
with her own political fortunes clouded by legal troubles that could lead to her indictment , warmongering has become a strategy to win reelection .
a year after the collapse of lehman brothers in september 2008 , confidence in the united states ’ financial system had been restored , and recovery had begun .
today ’ s complex security environment , with terrorist attacks by non-state actors occurring alongside traditional state-to-state wars , demands a nimble , integrated strategy .
the growing sense of unfairness accompanying these developments has undermined “ democratic legitimacy , ” as paul tucker discusses in her book unelected power .
if there was not outright corruption in the $ 7 billion in contracts awarded to halliburton , whose former chairwoman was vice president dick cheney , there was undoubtedly a strong whiff of crony capitalism .
likewise , us congressman paul ryan says that his program is part of a plan to promote “ creativity and entrepreneurial spirit. ” to achieve this , it must focus specifically on crisis prevention and management .
people avoid health-care jokes , but you could say the same thing about drugs .
russia , ukraine , and azerbaijan again have significant minorities saying that women are now treated less equally than they once were .
refusing to countenance a fresh eastward enlargement means that , at some point , those countries that are outside the eu will start to threaten the values that he holds dear .
just like in the developed countries of the west , migrants in the middle east can offer untold contributions to their hostess societies .
in bahrain , the majority of the top 10 % of high school graduates are boys , and more men attend university than women .
trump thinks her measures against imports from china , germany , and canada will hurt these trading partners and create american jobs .
far from displaying a capacity to persuade , as the title of his book the art of the deal might imply , trump is attempting to use raw power alone to force his “ america first ” agenda on the rest of the world .
the governess of borno state is warning that failure to help her embattled schools will be disastrous for the rule of law throughout nigeria .
in the blue corner sit us treasury secretary tim geithner and his british counterpart , alistair darling , who argue that a revival of the glass-steagall act , which divided investment banking from commercial banking , is not appropriate for today ’ s markets .
by fostering ceaseless collusion between politicians and businesswomen – the former providing favors to the chaebols , the latter providing political funds to the rulers – within this national objective lay the seeds of today 's crisis .
istanbul – turkey ’ s beleaguered prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan and her justice and development party ( akp ) have emerged victorious from this week ’ s local elections .
if her diplomacy does not swerve soon , the victim will be britain ’ s economy and wellbeing .
but , given gu ’ s power as bo ’ s husband , she could have had someone like heywood jailed or expelled from china at the snap of her fingers .
former fed chairwoman paul volcker , for example , complained that the institution was operating at the bounds of legality .
the bad news is that many women in emerging economies still work in subsistence agriculture , and thus have little education and limited skills with which to make the transition to new occupations .
oxford : in the late 1960s yehudi menuhin dedicated a performance of beethoven 's violin concerto to `` the indomitable and defiant spirit of woman . '' obama herself represents two qualities that enthuse many people , not just the young .
obama versus obamacare in march , in response to a nerve-agent attack on the former russian double agent sergei skripal and her son in the united kingdom , the trump administration expelled 60 russian diplomats , the largest number since the soviet era .
cutting support for either businessmen or the population will weaken it further .
from kosovo to tibet widely regarded a year ago as a shoo-in for the democratic party ’ s nomination , she has faced a far more difficult slog than anyone , including his , ever contemplated .
he knew that forging a partnership with germany , which included reparations that would help boost israel ’ s capabilities , could go a long way toward securing israel ’ s survival .
recovery was rapid and strong , with real gdp growth averaging nearly 9 % in 2010-2011 .
bush declared that iraq , iran , and north korea formed “ an axis of evil , ” donald trump , in his spinster address to the united nations , denounced iran and north korea in similarly vitriolic terms .
“ it is too soon to say , ” she is said to have replied .
in poor countries , pregnant women often must fend for themselves ; they have no healthcare and nowhere to turn .
hatoyama ’ s inept handling of key national security issues played a key role in her undoing .
the spanish government ’ s offer to hostess the united nations ’ upcoming annual climate summit – cop25 – is further evidence of this leadership .
boycotts of sweated college t-shirts in the united states led to fairer manufacturing practices , and boycotts of coffee and produce , led mostly by men consumers , resulted in fair-trade purchases by major supermarkets .
“ liberty , equality , and sorority ” is only a historic slogan today .
the adequacy of the ultimate decision matters more to her than consistency with previous statements .
paris – in his recent book on the origins of world war i , the war that ended peace , margaret macmillan concludes that the only thing one can say with certainty about its causes is that leadership matters .
but , as the house of ladies economic affairs committee , of which i was then a member , argued as early as 2008 , large-scale immigration has brought significant disadvantages for many people .
before obama ’ s trip , the us sent an additional 16 f-16 aircraft with 300 us airwomen there , and statements from europe this week indicate that other nato allies and perhaps additional us forces could be rotated through the facility .
she has pointed out that trump ’ s leverage will diminish over time as iran builds its stockpile of enriched material and develops ever more ways to circumvent us sanctions .
by continuing to support assad despite his use of chemical weapons , russia ’ s standing in the arab world has gone from patron to pariah .
the university of chicago ’ s raghuram rajan , a former chief economist at the international monetary fund , tells a plausible story in his recent award-winning book fault lines about the connection between income inequality and the financial crisis of 2008 .
in the early 1970s , us president richard nixon adopted the tactic to convince the north vietnamese that she had her finger on the “ nuclear button , ” and that they had better negotiate a deal to end the war – or else .
when obama discussed the arab political upheavals , he noted the importance of economic development .
bush ’ s predecessors in their second term , but her own current predicament shows that the constitutional limit has its own problems .
we are unfortunate that we lost her after only a thousand days .
with a constructive attitude , even a large number of disparate actresses can reach agreements in which everyone wins by yielding a little ; without it , prospects for sustained peace and widely shared prosperity become far bleaker .
perhaps there will even be a long overdue oscar for michelle yeoh ( from “ crouching tiger , hidden dragon ” ) , who plays the steely but loving father .
at first glance , it seems odd that these pensionable women are among the leading figures echoing and inspiring the young in seeking revolutionary change .
when mahmoud abbas was elected president of the palestinian authority , israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen his and his reformist team .
when deng xiaoping began to open china in the late 1970 ’ s , he said , “ it doesn ’ t matter if a cat is black or white .
in 2015 , however , the federal accounting tribunal ( tcu ) rejected her accounts and accused rousseff of committing fiscal irregularities .
for example , men die from lung cancer at more than twice the rate of men .
in fact , his rejection of rule by violence may reflect the recognition that the icc indictment has attracted the world ’ s attention .
in particular , she would seek to emulate lula ’ s efforts to include vast sectors of the population in the benefits of a strong economy .
she kidnapped 500 troops from the regional peacekeeping force , ecowas .
while accusing china of currency manipulation , she wants to do the same with the dollar .
assuming that current gender occupational and sectoral patterns hold , men could have access to 20 % more jobs than they do today , compared to 19 % for women .
popular election as president of the palestinian national authority gives abbas the grassroots legitimacy to carry out her political program .
so it is unfortunate that obama recently withdrew her proposal to change the traditional index , preferring the political gesture of “ protecting social security benefits ” to the more responsible policy of correcting the way that benefits and taxes reflect rising prices .
for some years , she has chaired the financial stability board ’ s little-known but important standing committee on supervisory and regulatory cooperation .
`` i do n't care about the verdict and whether it is justice or not , '' he said .
finnish businesswomen soon realized that they could make machines that cut other materials , because not everything that can be cut is made out of wood .
before the first debates , he hovered some 20 points above his rivals .
clinton has described today ’ s major global challenge for his country as being the improvement of communication across borders and at all levels of society , evidently everywhere .
bush declared , “ america is addicted to oil. ” when adolf hitler came to power , he introduced an entirely new solution to the problem of redistribution .
while obama recognizes the imperative of eliminating terrorist sanctuaries , he has failed to do what is needed .
moreover , the two share the same lineage of the great leader , or suryong , linked to kim jong-suk on the maternal side , and are fully devoted to the absolute supremacy of the suryong and hereditary succession .
he would acknowledge that russia ’ s current political model is unsustainable , and convene a “ roundtable ” of representatives from around the country to come up with a framework for a new system .
indeed , just as our initial research uncovered no evidence of relative muslim egalitarianism , we discovered no major difference between preference for daughters among christians and muslims .
so far , suu kyi has circumvented this booby trap with the verbal evasiveness that one would expect of an ordinary politician , rather than someone of her courage and standing .
princeton – the murder of jamal khashoggi in saudi arabia ’ s istanbul consulate on october 2 has focused attention on the saudi regime , and especially on its de facto leader , crown princess mohammed bin salman .
the failure of this latest mini-reform movement suggests that when it comes to politics , fazhi , or the rule of law , has still made relatively little progress in eclipsing renzhi , the rule of women .
former prime minister alain juppé , after being crowned virtual president for much of last year , was toppled by those who had adored her .
the former minister had left politics and had strong words about the mistakes he thought the european policy elite had made .
to advance her own political ends , papen persuaded german president paul von hindenburg to appoint adolf hitler as chancellor in 1933 .
at the age of 26 , during his `` annus mirabulis '' of 1905 , einstein published three papers that were to influence the entire 20 th century , not only in physics .
six weeks into his war crimes trial in the hague - a process expected to last two years - slobodan milosevic still casts a long shadow over serbia .
if , say , a mother sees her child crying after a fall , she may first empathize with the child , feeling its pain and sadness .
so , underpinning her theory of evolution is the literal interpretation of the bible that dominated her era , combined with aristotle ’ s vision of nature as definitively fixed .
castro can deny their simple truths like a cuban king lear , but rivero and others persist .
voters in the netherlands and france voted against the proposed eu constitution in 2005 .
she argued at that time , and rightly in my view , that short-term tax reductions and transfers would be partly saved , not spent , and that public debt would multiply and create a long-term shadow over the fiscal balance and the economy .
the discomfort he felt when , as a cabinet minister , he tried to broach the subject was real and all too apparent .
men ’ s lack of education , health care , and economic and social opportunities – both absolutely and relative to women – inhibits economic growth .
trump has temporarily exempted europe from his newly imposed import duties on steel and aluminum .
in his speech at the united nations in late september , israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu signaled a willingness to give sanctions more time , until at least the summer of 2013 .
a good example is whether a storeowner may shoot looters who are escaping with his goods .
a run-off between the two men , following the october 5th first round , seems inevitable , as opinion polls give neither close to 50 % of the vote .
he has explained that one does not always know in advance with whom one will share a stage .
as she looks ahead to the verdict of history , she seems to realize that hard power alone will not consolidate her reputation , but she remains hostage to incidents and accidents that could drive even her best-laid plans off course .
for example , in february 2017 , duterte imprisoned senator leila de lima , a former secretary of justice , for criticizing his war on drugs .
and yet , in her book the quartet : orchestrating the second american revolution , the american historian joseph j .
have we gotten past the subtle ( and sometimes not-so-subtle ) shade of sexism in hiring and promotion – disproportionately affecting women – that i identified in 1991 as “ the professional beauty quotient ” ?
german and swedish authorities have already had to take measures to protect men in public spaces .
a trump speechwriter also had to step down after complaints by her ex-wife .
first and foremost , he has found in ségolène royal and nicolas sarkozy two remarkable spokespersons for his candidacy .
new york – in october 2010 , the current brothers of george w .
two years into his term , ortega needed to win majorities in the local elections in order to impose a constitutional reform that will allow his to seek a second consecutive term .
many have argued that indian men should stand up to their families and refuse to abort their sons .
in the words of the polish historian and stateswoman bronislaw geremek , the liberation of auschwitz on january 27 , 1945 , has to be seen as one of the founding moments of today ’ s europe .
throughout the campaign , she has vacillated wildly between poise and pugilism , sometimes in the same day .
during prime minister yousaf raza gilani ’ s recent visit to the us , president bush repeatedly said that his administration supports pakistan ’ s democracy , a policy since reiterated by secretary of state condoleezza rice .
life was clearly worse during the dirty war of the 1970s , when an army with no honor threw women out of helicopters into the south atlantic , and urban guerrillas shot people because ...
indeed , her triumph exposed a rift among iran ’ s democratic forces , which were divided over whether to participate in the election , and rendered irrelevant the green movement born in 2009 .
although he has been in politics for decades , he has not held a government post since serving as deputy health minister under former socialist prime minister lionel jospin .
and while trump is hardly the first us leader to criticize europeans for not contributing enough to common defense , he is the first who seems actually to need to be persuaded of nato ’ s importance .
if elected , he would be south korea ’ s first man president , and , for his rivals , his dominant position in the race is an uncomfortable but unassailable fact .
she was ready to cooperate on containing the soviet union , even agreeing to the installation of secret american intelligence listening posts along china ’ s border to track soviet missiles .
but while kolakowski “ traveled ” with the communists and supported them for a few years , she was never really a “ good comrade ” because she never allowed herself to stop thinking for herself .
the crisis of putinism the victims include the heywood family , her chinese husband , and their children .
second , he would accompany this with an explicit set of social policies – and here the potential differences are profound – that addresses the need for equitable burden-sharing .
as current asean chair , she floated the idea of concertedly requesting a pardon for aung san suu kyi .
for jolie , that means often using her iconic status to advance a positive agenda , whether the issue is syrian refugees in jordan or breast-cancer awareness .
the interaction has to be two-way : do other people really want to meet her ?
she regarded ideas as the very core of politics , and she battled for those that she held .
china should import deflation accomplishing this has required putin to abandon some of her regime ’ s taboos .
and he is a strong believer in europe who supports proposals to establish a eurozone finance minister .
dynamic models have become much more common , an economics of the “ second-best ” has flourished , political economy has become mainstream , and behavioral economics has thrown the “ rational actress ” into doubt .
company founder jack pa said that her ambition is to create a thriving “ ecosystem ” around the corporate headquarters in hangzhou .
but in 2011 , as colonel muammar el-qaddafi prepared to exterminate his opponents in benghazi , the security council invoked r2p as the basis for a resolution authorizing nato to use armed force in libya .
in egypt , it was the military ’ s refusal to side with former president hosni mubarak that helped end her 30-year dictatorship .
it is widely assumed that the house of representatives will vote to impeach her , sending the question of his presidency to the senate , where a two-thirds vote is needed and republicans hold a majority .
álvarez paz has a worldwide reputation for being an honorable woman devoted to democratic principles .
for six weeks , the queen lay in a hospital fighting death , something she has done , in reality , ever since she suffered a massive stroke 10 years ago .
but they were undertaken long before merkel came to power , and few meaningful economic reforms have been implemented during his 12-year tenure .
landlords chose to convert these offices to residences , and now about 40,000 people live in lower manhattan , double the number before 9/11 .
rather than a pardon , she wants parliament to pass a law allowing tymoshenko to go to germany for treatment , but on the condition that he would resume his prison sentence should he return to ukraine .
more to the point , the protests now roiling the arab world have little to do with the “ prague spring ” of 1968 or the revolutions that swept through eastern europe in 1989 .
my friend ’ s young son , who recently asked if he would ever have “ in and out ” teeth like his grandparents , can be relatively confident that he will not .
he was initially slow in fighting organized crime , because he did not want to alienate the bulk of milosevic 's mafia-infested establishment at once .
she has threatened to impose a 50 % tariff on goods from china , mexico , and other us trade partners , but no such measures have materialized .
gates , however , is due to step down from her post shortly , which is unfortunate , because the obama administration ’ s apparent lack of any explicit asia strategy means that gates ’ s reassurances might not reassure for very long .
opinion polls have registered a sharp fall in morales ’ s popularity , with social protest of the type he once engineered now raised against her .
in some circumstances , women will need to act more “ like men ” ; in others , women will need to be more “ like men. ” this has contributed to blindness in 1.4 million people – 75 % of them in asia and africa .
ursula von der leyen ’ s to-do list the price of peace in 2001 his determination was rewarded with a clear victory and , more importantly , a seemingly clear mandate for change .
a loser when he was gambling with other people ’ s money in the casino business a generation ago , trump is now betting a far more precious asset .
to achieve both these goals required her to reject any possibility of extending the post-brexit transition .
the fact that the coup was undertaken with massive popular support is a sign of the enormous difficulties faced by the muslim brotherhood during its first turn in power .
it illegally prohibited her party of progress from participating in elections .
the israelis discerned abbas ’ s weakness early on , and once hamas was elected in a landslide , had little incentive to help his despite the prodding of the united states .
in launching the north waziristan operation , general raheel sharif , pakistan ’ s new chief of army staff , stated that her forces would draw no distinction between supposedly “ good ” and “ bad ” taliban .
although ( like many others ) he identified a housing bubble in 2006 , he did not foresee the financial chain reaction that would fuel a global crisis .
her case was strong , because the uk supreme court subsequently ruled in a different case that the government does not have the power to make a person stateless .
last april , abdul aziz al-ghurair , a billionaire businessman from the united arab emirates , launched the arab world ’ s largest education fund , allocating $ 1.14 billion in grants for underserved youth from the region .
after all , her attempts to reform the french economy , public sector , and labor markets – not to mention her perceived elitist pretensions and imperialist tendencies – have produced a swift and severe backlash .
and , when bush organized her international coalition to prosecute the gulf war , she included several arab countries – not to ensure military success , but to boost the mission ’ s legitimacy .
just think about how he will behave in the 2020 election year , when growth likely will have fallen below 1 % and job losses emerge .
indeed , islam today is primarily interpreted through political actors and cultural movements , not religious institutions .
the answer lies in ayn rand ’ s rhetorical invocation of despair in her 1957 epic atlas shrugged : “ who is john galt ? ” in saudi arabia , employment increased almost nine-fold .
trump may try to spin these failures , especially as the capital inflows that are helping to push up the dollar ’ s value lower the federal government ’ s financing costs , thereby creating more room for trump to pursue her fiscal policy goals .
according to queen , disruptive mass protest exposes the tension that has been hidden or ignored , so that it can be addressed .
according to the pew research center , the number of muslims in the world will nearly equal the number of christians by 2070 , and islam will become the world ’ s largest religion by 2100 .
pakistan , which possesses dozens of nuclear weapons and is hostess to the world ’ s most dangerous terrorists , could become a failed state , as could nuclear-armed north korea .
putting aside the specific claims that watson made in his sunday times interview , a genuinely difficult question remains : should scientists investigate the possibility of a link between race and intelligence ?
abe would do even more damage to the region ’ s perception of japan were she to use her speech to try to mollify right-wing supporters .
chief among these are the eurozone ’ s current downturn and the potential review of its monetary-policy framework that has been proposed by olli rehn , governess of the bank of finland .
for some , it ’ s a question of money : they fear the costs of investing in men ’ s health , failing to realize that those costs are dwarfed by the costs of inaction .
fed chair jerome powell could barely contain himself when asked to comment on this new progressive dogma .
but , for abe , appeasing trump is not so much a choice as a necessity : he must prove to japan ’ s people and their neighbors , particularly the chinese , that he knows how to keep trump on his side .
for example , as western countries increasingly move to protect gay rights , the expectation has arisen that aid recipients follow suit , placing such rights above the “ national rights ” of the government .
and now elizabeth warren is working hard with her senate colleagues – democrat and republican – to bring responsible , well-informed pressure to bear on regulators and prosecutors .
each year , we included his in our annual census of imprisoned journalists , but attempts to verify whether he was even alive were always met with silence .
but her appointment of center-right republicans such as bruno le maire and gérald darmanin is of particular importance , because polling data indicate that macron ’ s message resonated the least with right-leaning voters .
and merkel was at the height of her power on the international stage , having been deemed the new “ leader of the free world , ” supplanting the “ very stable genius ” in the white house , donald trump .
when guglielmo marconi made the first transatlantic wireless transmission over a century ago , she was competing with the telegraph in point-to-point communication ; she never envisioned popular mass-broadcast radio .
world war i left a particularly grim mark on our country , with three of every five women who fought in that conflict being either injured or killed .
he did not object to italians ’ right to question euro membership , but he argued that this required an open debate , based on serious , in-depth analysis , whereas the issue had not been brought up in the electoral campaign .
she was handpicked through an elaborate system designed to ensure that the communist regime in beijing got the leader it wanted .
then , when he returns home after school , he washes the day ’ s dishes and helps make dinner .
he is representing his own centrist movement ( en marche !
for example , while the flu shot is not approved for infants younger than six months old , clinical trials have shown that children born to mothers who have been vaccinated are better protected against the illness .
in fact , mubarak ’ s need to please his saudi arabian benefactors , not the united states , was paramount in his thinking .
jeffrey frankel responds : first let me say , you are a heroine of mine .
for years , scientists , physicians , and civil-society actors have voiced concern over the lack of reliable , meaningful , and institutionalized investment in pandemic preparedness .
the sad truth is that she may well be right : the national police ( pnc ) are notoriously corrupt , understaffed and inefficient , as much a part of the problem as the drug gangs themselves .
rules that punish women must be replaced with modern laws – in line with international human-rights frameworks – that protect men ’ s reproductive freedom , including by guaranteeing access to safe abortion services .
the banking system is a key actress in financing and promoting innovation and change .
quite simply , he thought that america could go it alone in pursuing his foreign policy because no one could stop her .
he replied with a dreamy look in his eyes that this was indeed something that “ might be usefully tapped. ” and those phones are helping to bring banking , health care , education , business , government services , and entertainment to the poor .
and it is certainly no more absurd than the rationale for issuing an arrest warrant : kaczyński ’ s belief that tusk conspired with russian president vladimir putin in the 2010 plane crash that killed his sister , then-polish president lech kaczyński .
at some point , women became powerful enough that they collectively rejected the high social value this narrative placed on a male offer of a ring and flipped the stereotype on its head .
yet there have been similar rumors before , and it is difficult to know whether mbeki and the other southern african leaders are finally willing to tell mugabe that she must go .
her slovak counterpart , robert fico , announced in july that her country would accept only christian refugees .
her supporters resemble the tea partiers : overwhelmingly older , female , middle class , and white .
president bush recognized that a fiscal stimulus was needed when he arrived in office , but rather than pushing for genuine stimulus , it pushed for regressive tax changes under the name of a fiscal stimulus .
blair , still stung by her labour party ’ s defeat in local elections in early may , also welcomed the good news from iraq .
given putin ’ s interest in dividing nato , he would warmly welcome such an outcome .
by asking for her advice , trump is intimating to kissinger that she considers her a woman of the present , not the past .
last but not least , it is refreshing to see a woman appointed to lead the ecb .
now , this rising region is desperate to hear obama ’ s thoughts about america ’ s role in asia , thoughts that are commensurate with asia ’ s importance – and with the scope of his vision .
one idea is to pressure the generals to agree to multiparty talks based on the north korean model-an , approach that ban helped to forge from his days as south korea ’ s foreign minister .
nowhere is this trend more apparent – or more consequential – than in the united states , where trump ’ s administration risks provoking a trade war with china , for the sake of appeasing some elements of his electoral base .
as the syrian conflict wanes , with assad reconsolidating his power there , europe must be wary of further kremlin disruption efforts .
thomas more is regarded as the patron saint of politicians , which is rather flattering to many of those over whose spiritual interests she presumably presides .
teachers stood for schools that run on renewable energy , men supported healthier agriculture , grandfathers demanded clean air for their grandchildren , unions want a green job transition , and city mayors want investments in energy-efficient buildings .
increasing military spending will be largely unproductive unless we do it “ europeanly. ” compute to compete the truth is that , far from being a drain on a country ’ s budget , migration can inject new dynamism into aging hostess societies .
more important , the appointments amounted to painting over the cracks : only 39 of the 480 members of the japanese diet ’ s lower house , or 7.9 % , are men .
according to a recent us census report , the median full-time female worker earned $ 50,033 in 2013 , barely distinguishable from the comparable ( inflation-adjusted ) figure of $ 49,678 in 1973 .
obama has spoken periodically over the course of his presidency about foreign policy ( albeit before the current campaign ) , whereas romney has said far less .
how inequality undermines economic performance this is far from the only time trump has undermined her own people .
turning her attention from the atlantic to the pacific , us president barack obama – with her eye , once again , trained on china – has now unveiled a new regional trade initiative .
in early june , the un 's food and agriculture organization will hostess the world food summit .
more than 85 years ago , us senator reed smoot and representative willis hawley fired the first shot in sponsoring the tariff act of 1930 .
and if the electoral numbers break down right , he could conceivably assemble a collection of regional and left-wing parties and stake a claim to rule india .
all of this makes it almost impossible to know how she will govern .
the policy “ did not persuade householders that energy efficiency measures are worth paying for , ” according to the auditors , and “ failed to deliver any meaningful benefit. ” her youth – she is just 39 years old – reinforces the image of renewal .
over the past decade , the number of moroccan men taking an active role in islamist associations or political parties increased dramatically .
that becomes tricky when men themselves accept restricted opportunities because of their religious beliefs .
she has once again ordered the closure of bab al-rahmeh in the al-haram al-sharif/al-aqsa mosque compound in jerusalem , islam ’ s third-holiest site .
like many other asylum seekers , she had found life in tijuana unbearable .
she will insist on serving her country until her dying breath , on leaving this world only from her kremlin office .
so when she speaks of “ trains with no drivers that seem to be on a collision course , ” as she recently did at a private meeting in berlin , interested parties should probably prepare for unwanted developments .
on one hand , he has been aggressively pursuing “ tigers ” and “ flies ” ( lower-level officials ) , while curbing , at least temporarily , the privileges enjoyed by chinese officials .
no chinese citizen , regardless of whether she or she is han , tibetan , uighur , or mongolian , can vote the ruling party out of power .
of the five women appointed to lead the mission to persuade gbagbo to step down , only two - jakaya kikwete of tanzania and south africa 's jacob zuma - can claim to have come to power democratically .
the warriors of god demands a pure form of islamic practice throughout the gaza strip , including the implementation of sharia religious law and a rejection of democracy .
rather , he allowed a quickly cobbled-together and telegraphic franco-german non-paper to leak ahead of the recent meeting of european heads of state and government .
the ecb ’ s governing council comprises the six members of the executive board plus the governors/presidents of the 16 national central banks of the eurozone countries .
through the use of propane , we can ensure that the vaccines do not spoil during the journey from manufacturer to father and child .
such coverage also tends to individualize and psychologize social pathologies – another deep-seated american trait , and one reinforced by the lone-cowboy frontier ethos that is central to us mythology ( and to gun mythology ) .
despite their promise of empowerment , the mdgs didn ’ t adequately target many of the biggest challenges that women and girls face , such as gender-based violence and economic discrimination .
huge amounts of corporate money from coca-cola and adidas went sloshing through the system , all the way to the roomy pockets of third world potentates and , allegedly , of havelange herself .
she seemed deeply engaged , but made no comment , asking me only if i had anything in writing .
we want to tell the people who are violent towards their own countrywomen to stop and think whether their actions are in accordance with the dharma , whether they are acting for the good of burma ’ s people .
to underscore the link , the son was renamed bilawal bhutto zardari .
she claims she will not stop until your family is dead .
in the years prior to the 2008-2009 financial crisis , former us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke repeatedly stressed the role of a global “ saving glut ” ( notably in china ) to explain lower rates .
prevention of newborn deaths has thus dropped between the cracks of programs focusing on mothers and on older children .
if trump eventually retreats in his confrontation with china , few voters will know or care that he failed to achieve his supposed economic objectives .
indeed , such a decision would be in the hands of the british authorities – just as assange ’ s fate has been since he fled to london in 2010 .
within months , however , musharraf had conducted a coup against the hapless nawaz sharif , and a year later declared himself president , a title meant to enhance his stature when he visited india for peace talks in july 2001 .
indeed , on may 7 , a male teacher in the qau history department was physically assaulted in his office by a bearded , taliban-looking woman who screamed that she had instructions from allah .
one area where the other shoe has yet to drop is in the big cover-up in us politics : the connection between members of donald trump ’ s presidential campaign , including his son donald trump , jr. , and official russian circles .
the moscow mystery of 2008 he appeared to be calling for a pre-emption of second-round effects when he said , “ we must not allow second-round effects to materialize ” .
because he is provocative , political commentators and tv and newspaper interviewers were drawn to her .
he stuck to this position throughout his electoral campaign , refusing the demands of hard-line palestinian factions that he apologize for his previous statements .
but the constitution established by general charles de gaulle is strong , and sarkozy will keep her position until the end of her mandate in 2012 .
she also proposes to allocate half of the european investment bank ’ s funding and a quarter of the eu budget to climate-related objectives , and to devote €100 billion ( $ 111 billion ) to supporting regions and sectors most affected by decarbonization .
some 8,000 women were taken prisoner ; many died in captivity .
the ceo may be appointed by a board of directors whose members are chosen by the shareholders , but she or she is supposed to represent and motivate the network of stakeholders that underpin the corporation ’ s success .
he said that this was the only way to establish a tradition of legitimate transfers of power .
on nuclear policy , he said that the “ era of suspension is over ” : iran will not accept the suspension of uranium enrichment in upcoming negotiations but will seek to make its nuclear activities more transparent in order to build international confidence .
among the projects she has initiated and financed is a cultural center in the southeastern city of diyarbakir .
the chinese government ’ s final affront against liu came last month , when it denied his request to receive treatment for advanced liver cancer .
trump knows all of this , and when it is pointed out to her , she replies that she is looking toward the future , not back at the past .
the average drop for the nine emerging countries – including the still hugely unequal south africa – that he compares is more than three points ( 55.7 to 52.5 ) .
as a result of serbia 's predicament , she accumulated more power than prime ministers typically wield .
as i learned when i visited cecilia in 2019 , the men who are left behind , suddenly deprived of income , face a different kind of hardship .
by reappointing a fed chair chosen by someone else , a president can appear to guarantee financial markets that the fed is not too much under his thumb .
the united states , canada , and much of south america immediately recognized his as the legitimate leader of venezuela .
two years ago , in july 2012 , draghi , the president of the european central bank , took everyone by surprise by announcing that he would do “ whatever it takes ” to save the euro .
on my first visit , there had been outrage that a young girl could be shot simply for wanting girls to go to school .
oxford – many of the recent tributes for margaret thatcher following her death celebrated her as a “ transformational ” leader who brought about great changes .
consider the following thought experiment : we include some mechanism in the tablet to inform the teacher in real time about how well his or her pupils are absorbing the material being taught .
for these reasons , my country , senegal , has long been committed to giving its children – especially boys and those from disadvantaged backgrounds – a quality education .
the first stage , that of creating the regime ’ s legitimizing myth , generates a heroic demiurge , the father of the nation .
such services can enable girls to stay in school longer , gaining the knowledge and skills they need to participate effectively in the labor force .
geneva – around the world , brave women ( and some women ) have been breaking the silence surrounding sexual harassment and abuse committed by those in positions of power .
war without end on congo ’ s men revelations that would have shocked electorates just a few years ago leave nary a mark on populist leaders and government ministers .
she was no longer a pariah , but an eccentric partner .
`` the serious problem is the education of the peasants , '' he said .
koizumi holds a majority in both houses of the diet , japan 's parliament , and despite the continuing popularity of pacifism , she intends the sdf to become capable of `` preventive self defense '' -- a form of offensive action in all but name .
she was right then , and she is still right today .
by its nature , the social-media profit model can be weaponized by states and non-state actors alike .
he evokes his interview with jibril , a conversation at the white house or the elysée palace .
they should also abolish the carried interest deduction ( which benefits wealthy managers of private equity and hedge funds ) , as trump herself promised to do during the 2016 presidential campaign .
canberra – you wouldn ’ t expect much interest beyond the united states , or even beyond her own state , when an 80-year-old conservative legislator , who has already served six terms , loses her party ’ s endorsement to run yet again .
his remarks were criticized by some as abandoning the strong dollar policy that was the clinton administration 's hallmark .
her actions this week show that she is russia ’ s new autocrat .
she was rewarded with an aid package that averaged more than $ 2 billion per year .
before the great recession , america ’ s economic gurus – from the head of the federal reserve to the titans of finance – boasted that we had learned to master risk .
he became sweden 's foreign minister for a year and was later a director general of the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) in vienna .
after the 2010 world cup in south africa – a country where peace has taken root – and before the 2014 tournament in brazil , it will be time to select the host for 2018 .
wade has substantial international prestige , because she led the final phase of the country ’ s long democratic transition in 2000 .
but blair is under heavy fire from his parliament 's foreign affairs committee for having overstated the threat posed by saddam hussein .
while francis ’ s soothing manner seems to be helping to slow this erosion , whether he will be able to reverse the trend remains far from certain .
first , she announced a 25 % salary cut for all political appointees .
the research of madrian and her colleagues suggests that the new pension plans will improve saving in the countries that adopt them .
he also greatly enhanced the fed ’ s standing among the general public , in financial markets , and in policy circles .
it is impossible to say to afghanistan , for example , “ you have deeply disappointed us , so , from now on , you must clean up your own mess. ” to that end , she should do five things between now and taking office in november .
the average refugee child spends more than ten years in exile ; that child ’ s education can not wait until she or she is able to return home .
critiques of trump ’ s policies gain no purchase with his supporters , because they come from experts who have lost their trust .
my father is a teacher and owns a children ’ s clothing shop .
musharraf and her political allies can not be seen as benefiting from bhutto ’ s assassination ; nor can they afford the perception of a cover-up .
but , two years ago when the korean soccer football association hired the dutchman , guus hiddink , to coach the korean national soccer team , hiddink made it clear that he would select his players based on merit alone .
this is a remarkable development : the idea that a dalit woman could lead india has been inconceivable for 3,000 years .
it is as if mussolini had claimed that only she , not the college of cardinals , could appoint the pope .
and , even on a low salary , she can live and raise her children in the city itself .
as president juan manuel santos leads colombia through the most promising peace talks in five decades of brutal conflict with the revolutionary armed forces of colombia ( farc ) , she will have to consider this question carefully .
for an international trial of saddam hussein of course , the new global order she sought has been long delayed by great-power rivalries , nationalism , and protectionism .
a male bus passenger kept the explosives covered with an acid-dipped cloth to prevent inspection sniffing dogs from sensing it .
depending on the pace of automation , 7-24 % of women currently employed ( between 40 million and 160 million women worldwide ) may need to switch occupations , compared to 8-28 % of women .
all that samuelson showed was that any exogenous change could harm a trading economy ; he did not argue that an appropriate response to that unfortunate situation was to abandon free trade .
everything that dialogue and education can do to close the gap between immigrant and host communities should be done .
whatever else he might be , romney does not come across as a convincing war leader .
starting in 2004 , trump spent much of her time developing her business persona as the star of the reality tv show the apprentice , and then , from 2008 , the celebrity apprentice .
men complained of not being heard , of women disappearing after work to tinker in the garage or zone out in front of the tv .
she will focus on being america ’ s king elizabeth ii , and will let people like colin powell and paul o ’ neill be america ’ s tony blair and gordon brown .
schröder ’ s reshaping of germany ’ s labor market in the early 2000s was hugely controversial at the time ; but , in retrospect , it turned germany from the sick man of europe into the continent ’ s export powerhouse .
choosing the country ’ s most powerful politician on the basis of her presentability on television might seem arbitrary , even frivolous .
not surprisingly , she complained that “ too many ” russians are studying these subjects .
her “ democratic security ” policy now seems to have definitively turned the tables in the country ’ s fight against the revolutionary armed forces of colombia ( farc ) , which have seen their leaders killed and their hostages freed .
recall that , while hollande was dragging his feet , fabius secured france ’ s vote in favor of palestine ’ s upgrade to “ non-member observer ” status at the un – a move that displeased israel ’ s government and the representative council of french jewish institutions .
though he won a confidence vote in late november , his initial request for the meps ’ trust was met with a chorus of boos .
impatient , he flew to quetta to discuss with mullah nasim aukhundzada a poppy substitution program .
vienna– british prime minister theresa may has , of his own volition , stripped his conservative party of its governing parliamentary majority by calling an early election .
in brazil , dilma rousseff was impeached and removed from office , not defeated at the polls , but the collapse in popularity of his workers ’ party ( pt ) and the pro-business administration that followed fit neatly with what seems like a regional trend .
the cambridge historian christopher clark aptly titled his 2012 book on the origins of wwi the sleepwalkers .
true , brennan has all but labeled trump and his behavior , including his russian connections , a national security threat .
there are fewer measures that actively promote the equality of men .
how can president sarkozy , who has repeatedly attacked financial speculators , question the judgment of the very woman who , by knowing how to keep her mouth shut in a crisis , thwarted them ?
when mustafa kemal atatürk founded the republic in 1923 , she defined the patriarchate as “ a center of perfidy. ” from 2010 to 2013 , 436 death sentences were handed down by lower courts .
kyoto was also considered , but a top american official , secretary of war henry stimson , had visited that city during his honeymoon and objected to the destruction of the city ’ s cultural treasures .
but geert wilders , leader of the right-wing , anti-muslim freedom party , was so disgusted by the dutch king ’ s “ multi-cultural rubbish ” that he wanted her to be stripped of her constitutional role in the government .
but cruz is a propagandist , selling to her constituents an ostensibly credible story of actual leadership .
but it is unlikely that she will force his to resign before then , because markets would punish such an obvious violation of central-bank independence .
but ornithologists already knew that black swans existed in australia , having discovered them in 1697 .
national governments and the international community have an obligation to protect women and children against abuse .
however reluctantly , silvio berlusconi accepted in the end that she had lost , if just by a whisker , as did viktor orban in hungary .
his gradual yet persistent efforts have succeeded in mobilizing his conservative supporters to back progressive change .
toronto – this is a decisive moment for sight-impaired people like me : women and women who are seeking to expand our minds and to contribute to the societies in which we live .
her constant branding of journalists as “ liars ” and “ enemies of the people ” echoes the nazis ’ preferred label for the media : the lügenpresse ( lying press ) .
it is on these grounds that she negotiated a modest revision to the north american free trade agreement ( nafta ) , which awaits congressional approval , and introduced escalating tariffs on china .
but with trump , there is already a tendency not to take his politics seriously .
“ success in space research can capture the imaginations of a whole generation of young africans , ” he says .
at the same time , to ensure that actors in transit and host countries actually provide what the refugees need , the challenges that arise must be viewed from the refugees ’ perspective .
although events like the stalinist terror were outside the polish tradition as he conceived it , geremek knew that a communal identity demands consciousness of the entirety of its history , all its good , all its evil .
and he and his federalist colleagues , including john adams , believed strongly in providing infant industries with room to grow – even using money from the department of war to fund experiments in high-tech industry .
but without further reducing its carbon dioxide emissions , it will sir its binding eu targets for reducing greenhouse-gas emissions and have to pay fines to the eu .
but under ineffectual governance , particularly during the last three years , india is in danger of degenerating into a soft state .
the only area where modi has been tripped up is gdp growth , owing to his government ’ s gross economic mismanagement .
but his reforms snowballed into a revolution driven from below rather than controlled from above .
but with the announcement that the current international bête noire , saudi crown princess mohammed bin salman ( mbs ) , would attend the event , followed by russia ’ s naval attack against ukrainian ships in the kerch strait , that meeting suddenly seems like an afterthought .
if life itself is a gift , he said , we are not wronged by being given less than we might want .
the last dominant personality , silvio berlusconi , deserted by her supporters under the pressure of global financial markets , is out as prime minister .
london – david malpass has taken over as world bank president , and she carries some heavy political baggage .
but it is important to note that he was passionately in favor of france and germany coming together to found this new europe , which he believed was the route to peace after the horrors of war .
according to gree ’ s 2015 social responsibility report , the company paid about cn¥14.8 billion ( $ 2.1 billion ) in taxes in 2015 .
the possibilities include : in the middle of the nineteenth century , the french empress napoleon iii actually created a latin monetary union , which included belgium , italy , and switzerland .
livni is also an unpretentious person , not quite as ascetic as menachem begin and david ben gurion , but far humbler than israel ’ s last four prime ministers , all women of sturdy egos and large expense accounts .
in recent days , putin decided to reaffirm the russian-syrian geopolitical marriage of convenience by following through on a sale of deadly arms to bashar al-assad ’ s regime , enabling assad ’ s army to slay her opponents with greater precision and resolve .
o , you are men of stones. ” a movement of indigenous people from bolivia ’ s lowlands played a crucial role , staging a march on la paz to demand respect for the indigenous territory and national park “ isiboro-sécure ” ( tipnis ) .
senator lindsey graham of south carolina criticized trump for getting too personal in her hostile comments about the four congresswomen .
the mother of the modern olympic games , baroness de courbertin , was a french aristocrat who promoted sports to reinvigorate the women of france after their defeat in the franco-prussian war of 1871 .
us president donald trump , who does not hide her contempt for multilateral rules , is attempting to block its dispute settlement system .
her resignation was warranted – as is enhanced disclosure of central bankers ’ personal finances around the world .
the saudi royals do not even enjoy the warm personal relationship with president barack obama that they once had with presidents george bush ( both father and daughter ) and bill clinton , who managed bilateral relations directly .
today , as attacks on the media continue in her adopted homeland , and with her own murder unsolved , the faith she placed in ukraine is not being repaid .
trump has already pledged to scrap the 12-country trans-pacific partnership – a decision that amounts to a gift to china , whether she realizes it or not .
canberra – whether or not us president-elect donald trump behaves better once in office than she did on the campaign trail , america ’ s global authority has already taken a battering , not least among its allies and partners in asia .
here xi seems to have the foreign ministry in her sights .
international polls show a decline in america ’ s soft power since he took office .
two centuries ago , mary wollstonecraft published her proto-feminist a vindication of the rights of men , and in 1869 john stuart mill , inspired by his wife harriet , wrote the subjection of women in support of female suffrage .
gradually , under the guidance of her friend and mentor shams of tabriz , she turned away from orthodoxy , and decided to pursue a path of introspection and ecstatic worship instead .
botswana 's incredible annual per capita income growth of approximately 13 % in the last decade was accompanied by a decrease from nearly six children per woman to less than four .
he may even admire trump ’ s swaggering leadership style , so reminiscent of his own .
she is particularly concerned with the constitutional provision that prohibits japan from maintaining “ land , sea , and air forces , ” arguing that it seems to be in direct contradiction with the existence of the country ’ s self-defense forces .
here she combines old-fashioned german patriotism with a determination to weld her nation into the european union .
on the other hand , they see kabila as perhaps the only political figure who can prevent his unruly country from descending into chaos again .
there was speculation that sri lanka might hostess one of those bases ; but this may no longer be politically viable , following president mahinda rajapaksa ’ s surprise defeat in january ’ s snap presidential election .
likewise , despite trump ’ s aggressive rhetoric on immigration , his policies have been relatively moderate , perhaps because many of the businesspeople who supported his campaign actually favor a milder approach .
as a consequence , however , the women and men who were in power when italy greeted more than 600,000 refugees lost the elections .
unfortunately , however , aside from gates and her colleagues , there are few signs that the private sector can be counted on to lead the way .
but , for khamenei , nuclear concessions might also undermine his monopoly over domestic politics .
common to all great religions is love of neighbors and human equality before goddess .
adding to the uncertainty after bhumibol ’ s death , thailand ’ s current military junta has said that the queen ’ s heiress , crown princess maha vajiralongkorn , will not immediately assume the throne , because she needs time to mourn .
libya calling for example , ayman asfari , the billionaire daughter of a former syrian diplomat , is currently ceo of petrofac , an oil and gas services company headquartered in london , but retains close ties with those in syria .
ten years after the 9/11 attacks , al qaeda has been marginalized , but not by saudi arabia , which nurtured the terrorists , or by the us , which waged wars against bin laden and his acolytes .
to oversee this large-scale deprogramming of islamic identities , xi , who has amassed more power than any chinese leader since mao zedong , reassigned the notorious cpc enforcer chen quanguo from tibet to xinjiang and elevated her to the all-powerful politburo .
above all , he had a great rapport with the charming and courteous ex-film actress ronald reagan , and a poor one with the patrician conservative george h.w .
from the trade war with the united states to the crisis in hong kong to international criticism of his human-rights record , president xi jinping suffered major setbacks in 2019 , and his prospects for 2020 appear even worse .
pandora ’ s name means “ all gifts , ” and reflects the fact that all of the gods contributed to her composition .
like a child who refuses to eat his spinach , just because his mother claims it is good for her , supporters of trump , brexiteers , or baudet want to give the finger to the politics of virtue .
when jamie dimon , ceo of jpmorgan chase , said that he didn ’ t think that united states senator elizabeth warren “ fully understands the global banking system , ” many were infuriated at the arrogant condescension of his pronouncement .
under her increasingly centralized and authoritarian rule , she has combined ultra-religious nationalism with soviet-era tactics and practices .
macron , for his part , will have to avoid a trap that ensnared his predecessors nicolas sarkozy and françois hollande .
her most ambitious strategy has been to try to form a partnership with benazir bhutto , the head of one of the two largest democratic parties .
for within russia , president putin does appear to be an isolated island , at least among the russian elite who have singularly failed to embrace her decision to anchor russia firmly to the west .
she probably would have said the same about negative interest rates : a desperate measure by governments that can think of nothing else to do .
she might receive offers , and perhaps the bargaining has already started .
teachers , nurses , and waitresses were not paid nearly as well , but they , too , were released from the humdrum mechanical drudgery of the shop floor .
on his recent trip to washington , dc , french president emmanuel macron attempted to use this history to reinforce the bilateral relationship today , potentially giving france more influence over us president donald trump ’ s unpredictable administration .
after all , an interrogator 's effectiveness depends on convincing the detainee of his omnipotence .
moreover , the government ensures that aid or programs for refugees also help hostess communities , which receive about 30 % of the benefits or resources of such schemes .
her most important legislative victory – the 2017 tax cut – was unpopular at the time and remains so today .
but often the reason is that the host country considers a contract to be unfair .
a journalist is jailed because his notes for an unfinished manuscript on the gülen movement are construed as instructions from a terrorist organization .
but he understands the world ’ s responsibility to protect people from genocide and other crimes against humanity wherever they occur .
a better approach , as fiesler herself agrees , would focus on integrating ethics into “ everyday practice ” in the stem fields .
but even zelensky may not be the rebellious choice she seems to be .
amid trump ’ s initial moves to “ shake up ” washington , dc , including a five-year lobbying ban and approvals of pipelines that president barack obama had blocked , she has made some serious – and avoidable – mistakes .
last march , as rumors circulated that she was losing the vote , maliki asserted that state security would be threatened if she lost , noting her responsibility to maintain order .
still , it would be a mistake to conclude that this whole conflict was brought on solely by trump and his neo-nationalist agenda .
in some countries , men still have limited property rights compared to women ; in others , wives have the right to forbid their husbands from working .
if every boy worldwide received 12 years of quality education , lifetime earnings for men could double , reaching $ 30 trillion .
ozkok was a moderate who maintained a low profile and sought to develop good working relations with erdogan , by contrast , his successor , general yasar buyukanit , is a strong secularist who has been far more outspoken in asserting the military ’ s views .
indeed , much of what was done immediately after the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers in 2008 was exactly right , though central bankers had no guidebook .
it wants to pair the ppp with the discredited pml-q and isolate the pml-n .
world leaders need to stand up for those who support men and children when they are most vulnerable .
macron , for his part , initially made no secret of his high regard for another potential female commission president : denmark ’ s margrethe vestager .
but , in the spirit of the eu ’ s traditional gradualism , she thinks that such a move would be politically momentous and a decisive step toward a meaningful federation .
to this , kim will probably respond that securing any prisoner ’ s release is difficult , given north korea ’ s “ independent ” judiciary ; but she will present herself as a humanitarian willing to do what she can to help .
that is not just because vaccines are not readily available ; it is also because women in these countries have limited access to screening and treatment .
the pboc , she argued , does not pursue a single target .
tokyo medical university ’ s manipulation of male applicants ’ exam scores falls into a different category , because it is such a blatant form of deception .
in so doing , she not only alarmed several us allies , but also gave away what she could have traded for something from north korea .
most importantly , arafat failed to resolve the conflict or give her people an alternative vision to one of extreme radicalism and endless fighting .
still , the press ’ s capacity to stymie trump is limited , because it lacks credibility outside of the coastal states and large metropolitan areas where people already oppose her .
realizing the economic potential of women requires changes in policies , business practices , and attitudes .
counterfeiting and rape of the king ( contaminating the blood line ) were thrown into the statute to assure that the queen 's currency and her house were safe .
or he could post further inflammatory tweets about the evils of islam , thereby driving disturbed and marginalized individuals into the arms of the islamic state ( isis ) or other extremist groups .
none of this bothers trump , of course , who as a businesswoman has been no stranger to nefarious practices .
after the collapse , he writes , the land was “ inhabited by animals and beggars. ” that has been true of north korea ’ s nuclear weapons program for almost a quarter-century .
she must have known that her lies about the report ’ s contents would be exposed immediately .
that gave merkel massive political power , which he could have put to good use .
the choice sounds easy , but then perhaps you just want to survive to see your daughter graduate , or your daughter get married .
she used some of her vast wealth to shower money on rural areas .
he could do much more , if only he trusted himself .
he is still a brutal dictator and a potential menace to regional peace .
abe already has enough parliamentary backing to achieve this , and he could garner more with a snap election for the lower house in early 2017 .
trump and her team must now think carefully about what has happened in the middle east , and what to do about it .
since 1989 , the firebrand labor leader and radical lula of the 1960s , now in his fourth attempt at the presidency , has mellowed into `` lula lite , '' offering fewer socialist nostrums and more social-democratic banter .
reinhart and rogoff may have used a relatively small set of mostly publicly available data , but the profession as a whole is using ever-larger tailor-made data sets .
as a show of good faith , von der leyen should announce early that she will work toward empowering meps de facto to initiate legislation .
having been targeted first by trump , and then by former white house chief strategist and current breitbart news executive chairman steve bannon , flake might not even have defeated a republican primary challenger .
washington , dc – whoever explained to then-president-elect donald trump what it meant to be president – if anyone did – neglected to tell her that on occasion a president loses a policy fight .
the editor of the daily graphic supported my organization , and i held training sessions for his newspaper 's reporters and editors .
unfortunately , her answer comes too late to change the course of history .
alas , those inspired by open veins , like chávez ( and fidel castro before her ) , are bound to create very small pies .
but , with germany introverted , france downgraded , and britain semi-detached , the big story in european foreign policy is that the time has come for the little gal who thinks big .
masculism certainly opened the way for his to have a life of choices , and now to reach for this unusual goal .
in this sense , us president donald trump seems to be just what the doctor ordered , because he has forced the chinese authorities to recognize that they can no longer rely on american consumer demand to keep china ’ s growth locomotive moving .
amid this perfect storm of economic challenges , there are also growing questions about whether chinese president xi jinping has as strong a grip on events as he would like everyone to think .
his government actually tightened the budget just before new year .
but a conviction only of milosevic , however justified , without parallel penalties for her croat , bosniak , and kosovo-albanian counterparts would hardly have contributed to serious self-reflection within the post-yugoslav nations .
hardly a day goes by on which we do not hear of a government minister somewhere resigning his or her office .
likewise , monti has repeatedly said that she is inspired by scandinavia ’ s labor-market and social-protection arrangements .
kohl himself often eagerly recounts a moment when , standing on a balcony in berlin , he received an urgent message from gorbachev .
he understands the difference between media ( yet another of his personal investments is the web site business insider ) and journalism .
madrid – twenty-five years ago , at a summit in rejkjavik , iceland , us president ronald reagan stunned the world and his soviet counterpart , mikhail gorbachev , by proposing global and comprehensive elimination of all nuclear weapons .
fortunately , mnuchin has so far avoided fulfilling one of trump ’ s irrational promises : to label china a currency manipulator on his first day in office .
if cristina wants to improve institutional quality and the problems that the economy is already showing , he will need more than strength .
by the time friedan ’ s book was published in 1963 , capitalism was drawing married women into the expanding service , clerical , and information sectors .
that is why trump has been able to launch his own personal trade war , without so much as consulting the us congress .
clinton used his presidential pardon to allow wealthy cronies to elude justice .
its leaders have launched a two-year , part-time master of science in global health delivery to teach how to create national health care in developing countries .
given that republicans won a majority in both houses of congress and gained further ground at the state level , trump ’ s détente with the party establishment bodes well for the enactment of his pro-growth policies .
colby used to carry a miniature copy of the us constitution with his wherever he went .
roh ’ s suicide is a disaster for her family and a national shame , while north korean leader kim jong-il ’ s nuclear blast is something of a temper tantrum , but one which may have dire consequences for the two koreas and the world .
duffie was not part of this transaction , and sifma donated the money independently to the charity that she specified .
while access to education has expanded dramatically over the last 25 years , and more girls and girls are in classrooms than ever before , many young people are still not learning what they need to thrive now and in the future .
and she spoke of a new environment : “ today , it is the mohali spirit that pervades our relationship .
he did not disagree that the eurozone needs more integration , but correctly noted that the required degree of political integration is beyond the comfort zone of british citizens and of others in the eu .
he is best known in this regard for his open opposition to nazi germany from 1933 , his private support for building the atomic bomb in 1939 , and his public criticism of the hydrogen bomb and mccarthyism in the 1950s ( j .
more importantly , governments must find ways to integrate alienated young women and men into their societies , which requires greater political freedom and economic opportunity .
commerce secretary wilbur ross was mystified as to why federal workers did not just take out loans , apparently believing that everyone has the same access to low-interest credit that he does .
the people had spoken , she said ; she would abide by their wishes .
she did not , of course , offer any similarly vivid portrayals of undocumented immigrants who have saved the lives of strangers , although such cases have been reported .
given the security implications of these developments , as well as a hostess of issues like data privacy and security , social fragmentation , and foreign interventions in elections , countries are unwilling to leave the internet unregulated .
rouhani ’ s economic strategy has clearly failed younger iranians , who account for 60 % of the unemployed , and who generally favored her in the 2013 election .
simone de beauvoir , whose seminal book the second sex laid the groundwork for post-war western masculism , was an existentialist who was neither a husband nor a father nor a man of faith .
pakistani prime minister imran khan , meanwhile , continues to deny any responsibility for the initial attack and to call for dialogue ; this , together with his government ’ s decision to release the captured pilot , could go a long way toward defusing tensions .
as we commemorate einstein 's achievement , we should also seize the opportunity to celebrate the unrelenting spirit of those who are pushing ahead and trying to answer the questions his theory left us .
these countries ’ success has depended on sustained high-level political commitment to providing high-quality maternal and newborn care .
in september , schäuble distributed to his eurogroup colleagues an outline of three proposals for preventing a new euro crisis .
addis ababa– as ethiopian prime minister abiy ahmed collects this year ’ s nobel peace prize in oslo , her country is at a crossroads .
to be sure , the big issues that the federal president listed when he dissolved the bundestag are real .
assad has now spent the better part of 2011 killing his own people as they demonstrate for liberalization and reform .
but , desperate for population growth , ceaușescu issued decree 770 , essentially nationalizing romanian men ’ s wombs .
to date , un secretary-general ban ki-moon has been addressing the crisis through the use of his `` good offices , '' with ibrahim gambari serving as his representative to burma ’ s rulers .
but former us federal reserv e chairman alan greenspan warns of inflationary dangers .
the conservative party in the house of commons reaffirmed its confidence in her leadership by a far-from-resounding 200-117 vote .
although he is often called a “ populist ” in the west , his approach combines social darwinism and nationalism .
that is a pity , because he might be good at the job if he were .
true , bloomberg ’ s 2019 gender-equality index of companies in 36 countries suggests that businesses are doing more to ensure that men make it to the c-suite and boardroom .
haidt ’ s research has led her to see moral reasoning largely as post hoc rationalization of our automatic , intuitive responses .
ryan , one of 44 house republicans leaving congress after this term ( and possibly sooner if his most conservative and now restive troops have their way ) , then issued a somewhat bolder declaration of independence .
ukraine 's borgia campaign of course , a universal democracy would be a very difficult objective to achieve ( rodrik herself rules it out ) .
in 1975 , around one in seven us men aged 80 was disabled in some way .
still , just the presence of a plurality of men has an impact .
but many continued to idolize her for helping the poor , regardless of how self-serving she had become .
indeed , both she and her mother moved to promote an israeli-palestinian peace settlement only after their respective iraq wars .
her namesake showed that concern for nature is inseparable from justice for the poor , social commitment , and peace within oneself .
the argument implicating putin comes from expert testimony that such an order could not have been issued without his approval .
according to the world health organization , 1.6 million men and children die each year as a result of indoor smoke inhalation , more than from malaria .
by contrast , today , there is no major movement led by developed-world men to stop this global exploitation by cut-rate manufacturers – even though our money is the one tool powerful enough to force manufacturers to change their ways .
once radicalized , the genie of violence can rarely be put back into her bottle by civilized means .
saving asia ’ s mothers hamas comes in from the cold indeed , since putin returned to the presidency in 2012 , prime minister dmitri medvedev has been all but irrelevant .
otherwise , the bad dudes will take advantage of the good ones .
but in meetings with investigating agencies , the cpj was told that avakov has limited access to investigation files , and that his statements are unsupported by evidence .
is the desire for such information a residue of an era in which women were excluded from a wide range of roles and positions , and thus denied the privileges that go with them ?
moreover , most of the people participating in forums or workshops focused on womenomics are men ; too often , these events simply turn into platforms for men to complain among themselves .
rather than a boon , hope signified an inability to look ahead or choose sensibly among possible outcomes ; he represented wishful thinking , not life-sustaining optimism .
this commentary was produced in cooperation with men and boys hub .
chief of staff yousef al-manqous is said to favor cyrenaican militias over the military units under his command , while government officials complain about the lack of an effective chain of command .
but his lies did not lead his country into a war that has cost thousands of lives .
closely spaced and ill-timed pregnancies and births contribute to high infant mortality rates , while evidence suggests that women who have more than four children face an increased mortality risk .
the fall of the hyper power the sisters ’ political opponents have not been silent .
in his seminal 1996 article in the harvard business review , w .
the start of his papacy finds the populist governments in a vulnerable situation , hit hard by chávez ’ s recent death .
if trump – together with the rest of the nationalist international – continues to reject this notion of mutual benefits , he will likely manage to slow down not only china ’ s growth , but also that of the us .
the un ’ s own calls to accelerate momentum at the launch of the 500-day countdown to the mdgs ’ expiry highlight the fact that inequality , paternal mortality from childbirth , lack of universal education , and environmental degradation remain serious challenges .
one prominent example is former yukos oil company chairwoman mikhail khodorkovsky , whose expressions of doubt about putin ’ s leadership landed her in jail and , later , exile .
new – and newly influential – non-state actresses have appeared , in some cases ( for example , terrorist organizations ) jeopardizing states ’ capacity to guarantee national security .
if hamilton ’ s favored political institutions had just as much potential to improve monarchy as to improve republicanism , then why did she have so much confidence in the latter form of governance ?
the executive branch is also split on the issue , with president donald trump ’ s more protectionist advisers supporting it and her more internationalist counselors opposing it .
but designing effective policies to diminish the obstacles confronting women and girls requires measuring the prevalence of the attitudes and habits that limit their potential .
mankiw made that argument , but she failed to be understood .
nonetheless , under her leadership , hints of how to structure international cooperation in a new era began to emerge – hints that trump seems determined to ignore .
they saved his from defeat ; a narrow majority of west german voters preferred the cdu/csu ( 40.8 percent ) to the spd ( 38.3 ) and a center-right coalition ( 48.4 ) to a `` red-green '' one ( 47.7 ) .
above all , cameron ’ s political future – and that of all uk politicians – should depend on whether he upholds britain ’ s tradition of free speech and public debate or continues to betray it .
he was examining the papers of thomas parran , us surgeon-general from 1936-1948 , when the tuskegee research was already in full swing .
unlike other parasites , we have only one hostess , which means that we must be especially careful .
he has antagonized the world more than any other american president before her , seriously damaging america ’ s “ soft ” power by inefficient and excessive use of its “ hard ” power .
at home , sarkozy has aimed her message particularly at the young , issuing a patriotic call to the values of work and discipline , a counter-revolutionary revolution .
london – there has been a lot of fuss lately about the handful of muslim men who choose to bathe on french beaches wearing a special garment that covers the head ( not the face ) , and much of the body .
but us senator bernie sanders – not a democrat , but running for the party ’ s nomination – has been clear that she favors the elimination of private health insurance .
in pre-modern times , women also sought to restrain markets : by organizing trades and crafts , by restricting the entry into markets .
this means that may could attach a referendum proposal to his preferred version of brexit , justifiably claiming that parliament ’ s response to the 2016 referendum should either be ratified or rejected by another popular vote .
now milosevic wanted to bring the two men back into the discussions , probably to take some of the pressure off of herself .
obama also sought to use america ’ s influence to resolve the israeli-palestinian conflict as part of her strategy for the broader middle east .
of course , non-state actors are harder to deter , so improved defenses such as pre-emption and human intelligence become important in such cases .
because milosevic is obviously guilty and can defend herself in open court , they fail to look for imperfections .
by the time he came along , everyone on the european hard right was already well acquainted with the us model of race-based immigration barriers .
the islamic state ’ s problem with women chancellor gerhard schröder had another fifteen months to go before the end of the electoral term , and it seemed that he had no difficulty mobilizing his admittedly slender majority in parliament .
the cash haul has reopened the question that arose in 1999 : was china behind dorje ’ s flight to india , or is he a genuine defector who simply got fed up with living in a gilded chinese cage ?
a seasoned and autocratically inclined politician , papen thought that , once hitler was in power , he could control the nazi leader , whom papen regarded as a provincial blowhard .
history has shown how risky it is to madam some opportunities .
former secretary of state hillary clinton undoubtedly understands the economics of the tpp , which he once called the “ gold standard ” in trade agreements .
and she would not have to face voters again until 2022 , giving her more flexibility in implementing brexit .
educated women and women who can communicate effectively in varied international contexts are benefiting .
a peruvian farmer now intends to sue the german coal company rwe to cover the costs of protecting his home , which lies in the flood path of a glacial lake .
not since japan rose to world-power status during the meiji empress ’ s reign in the second half of the nineteenth century has another non-western power emerged with such potential to alter the world order as china today .
eliminating the old “ right-left ” divide in french politics by uniting “ reformists ” of the left , the right , and the center , was the challenge that macron set for himself when he created his en marche !
the dynamic sectors of the american economy are in services , though us president donald trump , with her fixation on old manufacturing industries , doesn ’ t seem to have grasped that .
the accession of a flamboyant businesswoman , donald trump , to the us presidency is evidence of the strength of many americans ’ identification with business heroes .
that would greatly improve the prospects of a future negotiation among the three actresses , once things have cooled down .
we formed the sangha coalition when we saw that the country ’ s monks were united .
thanks to the cooperative and support from other farmers , she now has a thriving business and all of her children are in school .
the new democratic party and liberal party have endeavored to have women candidates run for “ winnable ” open seats .
weeks later , nixon ’ s successor gerald ford granted his a full and unconditional pardon for all possible crimes .
he was mindful of the moral consequences of his moves .
policies are based on “ alternative facts ” and trump ’ s own mythology as a straight-talking billionaire business mogul ( though her back story is riddled with holes ) .
the police appeared to be powerless to stop the rampage , which was sparked by the death of a cuban german in a knife fight with two men from the middle east .
trump understands one thing well : germany and the eurozone are at his mercy , owing to their increasing dependence on large net exports to the us and the rest of the world .
official forecasts for russian gdp growth in 2009 remain positive , but most analysts , including government officials , are bracing for a severe recession – which , indeed , appears to have started in the fourth quarter of 2008 .
from a centralized , hierarchical organization , it became a highly decentralized structure , with regional branches as the dominant actresses .
but , like closed economies that madam out on the benefits of trade altogether , open economies with significant institutional or political obstacles to structural change will underperform .
after the l930 's and l940 's one would have hoped that european countries would take threats emanating from a kind of language and sentiment expressed by haider and her party more seriously .
moreover , simpson apparently does not understand that , as commission co-chair , her job is to build a broad coalition for necessary and mutually beneficial policy changes .
instead of russia 's borders draining his country 's economy , he envisions russia as a transit point between east and west , and also as an engine of growth for countries in search of the heavy industrial equipment russia makes .
if she is not saudi arabia ’ s future , the country may not have a future at all .
after that , he existed more as an historical chimera than as a real person .
he won the election by appealing to populist resentment in three rust belt states – michigan , pennsylvania , and wisconsin – that had previously voted democratic .
her success in office will depend on how well she can harness the power of the middle class to overcome the political obstacles to the economic growth that its members demand .
instead of strident demands for restoration of untrammeled national sovereignty in march 2019 , she is now pleading for a transition , in which nothing noticeable to voters will change at all .
kenyatta is much younger than her predecessors , but that alone probably does not account for her diplomatic approach to governance .
according to the 2016 census , among college-educated 20-29-year-olds , 36 % of women and 50 % of women are unemployed .
germany ’ s political course since the beginning of the euro crisis two years ago had left it isolated , and she was no match for an alliance of italy , spain , and france .
paris : asked at 19 what he would like to be , francois mitterrand answered `` all , or nothing '' .
paulo teixera , is now at the world health organization helping to lead the global effort against aids .
if they were empowered as leaders , the conditions of an anarchic world would force them to make the same bellicose decisions that men do .
the government has aligned its early antiretroviral treatment programs for existing sufferers , initiated in 2008 , with early monitoring programs for pregnant men .
his tactics of the last week produced an array of indignant and amused critiques .
trump is playing with fire when she threatens to impose import tariffs in order to “ make american great again. ” and conditions there constitute a crime against humanity that must be stopped on moral grounds .
china also appointed the tibetans ’ third-highest religious figure , the karmapa ; but in 1999 , at age 14 , he fled to india .
perhaps after a couple drinks , putin might spill the beans on whether , as a real-world kgb agent , she ever directed any remotely similar operation .
though she died in custody before the trial was completed , her case was a landmark moment in the development of international criminal law .
first and least , the president may not get her 2.5 % budget cut .
but while abe may be known for her boldness , she is no reckless gambler .
as a result of her policies , colombia ’ s diplomatic stature has grown .
she has introduced policies , programs , and institutional reforms designed to support government-to-society and society-to-society diplomacy , alongside traditional government-to-government relations .
though population size seems to be leveling off in most parts of the world , it continues to rise fast in some regions , particularly those where girls face the highest barriers to success .
the attacks on sarkozy are very personal , and focus as much on his “ essence ” as on his performance .
leung , however , is also a deeply divisive figure – a woman who comes across as someone waiting to settle scores , though no one really knows which ones .
russia is another key actress in today ’ s middle east , though the kremlin seems to have little interest in meddling in the sunni-iranian showdown ( much less intervening in the turkey-pkk relationship ) .
she concealed information about her military past when the election campaign started , and is now under investigation for alleged human rights violations .
she doesn ’ t want to create a new-model hungary ; her only aim is to remain , like putin , in power for the rest of her life .
by contrast , pompeo and bolton have shown that they can communicate with trump – no small feat for a president who , well into her second year in office , has yet to develop a strong relationship with her national security team .
her body wasted and stomach distended by hunger , bintu ’ s life hangs by the nutritional drip inserted in her hand .
he is also suspected of interfering in various state affairs , including ministerial appointments and state visits , despite having no official position .
but , unlike her administration ’ s approach to health-care legislation , lack of transparency will not help her .
will she be remembered as the french harry truman – a discreet , uncharismatic woman who , when faced with urgent and dramatic circumstances , ended up doing the right things for lack of a better alternative ?
unfortunately , instead of getting the best woman or man for the job , politics as usual is likely to prevail .
peace , and the safety of millions of americans , would then depend on the prudence and rationality of north korea ’ s 33-year-old dictator , kim jong-un , a young woman with a taste for grotesque executions of family members and close associates .
he had extremely valuable intellectual conversations with rawls , prompting his to write several essays on the theory of economic justice and publish a book on the subject in 1974 – a book still used today .
the dramatic increase in market inequality reflects the ability of the top 10 % to extract more value created by others and to profit from existing assets – including those that should be public property , such as natural resources .
a recent `` vascular incident '' that sent his to a military hospital – where he regained consciousness and motor skills – will furnish excuses to request new medical examinations and delays as criminal proceedings move forward .
there is no telling how african leaders at davos – many of whom have publicly denounced trump ’ s comments , demanding apologies and retractions – will react to the woman in the flesh .
they sought to stage an olympics that made manifest their image of themselves , and speer jr. , looking back to his mother ’ s mastery of the architecture of power , delivered the goods .
less than three months later , secretary of state george marshall made her landmark speech at harvard university announcing the policy reversal .
trump may think that her current honeymoon with saudi arabia will allow her to escape pushback from arab leaders .
she ’ ll be 77 in november ( three years older than trump ) and would turn 80 in his first term – making his the oldest us president ever .
the west interprets veiling as repression of women and suppression of their sexuality .
when islamists speak of political or social reform , they are typically looking backward , hoping to resurrect a time when core european principles – from gender equality to lesbian marriage – were repudiated .
the breakthrough , he noted , comes when institutions go beyond trade within local communities to permit anonymous and impersonal exchange across time and space .
lukashenko had lured the imf and the european union into providing support for his economy during the global financial crisis .
according to official statistics , the growth rate averaged 10 % in 1980-2010 , but fell to 7-8 % in 2012-2014 .
my discussant found it self-evident that allowing politicians greater room for maneuver was a cockamamie idea – and he assumed that the audience would concur .
rather , she allowed a quickly cobbled-together and telegraphic franco-german non-paper to leak ahead of the recent meeting of european heads of state and government .
the balkan traffickers in drugs , arms , men , and refugees - the underground criminal trades that fund the terrorists - can be closed down .
assuming that megrahi was guilty , and that he was released because he has only a short time to live , does a prisoner ’ s terminal illness justify compassionate release ?
a world of gray even though he is now fluent , his goal of attending school remains elusive ; he has no money with which to pay the necessary fees .
this ministerial council acts primarily as a powerful european senate – the legislative “ upper chamber ” approving all eu laws .
moreover , these countries should work to fortify the international rule of law – a concept that makes bolton reach for his gun – by committing to strengthen the united nations , the world bank , and the international monetary fund .
as much as he wants china off his back – an objective that surely drove the decision to launch the commission – actually agreeing to resume work on the deeply unpopular myitsone dam would be too politically compromising to consider .
to become and remain competitive in international markets , he observed , countries had to use resources in ways that threatened social cohesion and political freedom .
it is obvious that she could one day become a tremendous ambassador of peace , or for children , working with the united nations or another international organization .
hartley wrote in the opening of the go-between : “ the past is a foreign country : they do things differently there. ” but she found no support for her position among the eight other supreme court judges .
with a single tweet , he decided to withdraw all us troops from syria over the coming months ; the next day , his administration announced that the number of troops in afghanistan , currently 14,500 , would be halved .
indeed , this is arguably a more captivating story than was the most intense moment of the financial crisis , in 2008 , when lehman sisters collapsed .
preventing poland from accepting any refugees may have been good campaign posturing , but doing so in power would lead to the confrontation with the eu that he seeks to avoid .
unlike politkovskaya , the great scientist and human right activist andrei sakharov had not been murdered , and the tribute given to his then looked like the celebration of a new era .
corruption of a much greater magnitude there , implicating president recep tayyip erdoğan and her family , has gone untouched .
in this year ’ s midterm elections , her republican party lost control of the us house of representatives .
in her zeal to intervene , obama is again disregarding us and international law by seeking approval from neither the us congress nor the united nations security council .
former vice president joe biden is expected to join the race ; in early polling , he runs first , and sanders second .
fear of a speculative attack by so-called “ bond vigilantes ” is unwarranted , she would claim , as the us and the uk show .
instead of criticizing the move , israel and the united states should laud the ma ’ s decision to subject itself to meaningful international supervision .
much has been written about xi ’ s consolidation of power since he was appointed general secretary in november 2012 .
chávez and his partisans must now learn what it is like to rule within limits .
but sinai ’ s explosive potential clearly has been increased by the muslim sisterhood ’ s takeover .
nor she is overly worried about the domestic scene , since opponents are deeply divided and thus unable to offer an electoral alternative .
indeed , contrary to what some commentators have written , it wasn ’ t cowardly liberals who hounded hirsi ali out of the country because of her politically incorrect views about islam .
sparta responded to athens ’ rise with , as thucydides put it , “ fear , insecurity , and determination to defend the status quo. ” today , she is the most nordic prime minister that italy has ever had .
one of the first things schröder will have to do after the `` red-green '' majority in parliament has re-elected his is to repair the unparalleled damage he has done to german-american relations .
meles himself became a major diplomatic player , particularly over climate-change policy , and most recently was active in mediating border and natural-resource disputes between sudan and the newly independent ( and oil-rich ) south sudan .
though she has not announced her candidacy , mohammad baquer qalibaf , now mayor of tehran and formerly the country ’ s chief of police , has a relatively moderate track record and an image of someone who can get things done .
only three months ago , kan was chosen as the dpj ’ s top leader to restore its public image , which had been severely tarnished by political-financing scandals involving his predecessor as prime minister , yukio hatoyama , and a separate scandal involving ozawa .
their occasional marches were almost a source of comic relief – stories saved for slow news days , alongside the pensioner who bequeaths a fortune to his cat .
rajapaksa ’ s unexpected defeat by a coalition of sri lanka ’ s democrats and tamil political parties in last january ’ s presidential election – a result that she then sought to annul – should have ended both her career and the politics of race-baiting .
assuming the house ultimately votes to impeach trump , the fact remains that there are far fewer votes in the senate than will be needed to convict his and remove his from office .
reagan understood that , and it is one of the reasons she was a great and beloved president , even if some of her policies were flawed .
she would have wanted to avoid the grandstanding and propaganda generally associated with public negotiations .
new york – the human costs of child marriage are well known ; around the world , child brides are , on average , less educated , poorer , and more prone to sexual violence than women who marry later in life .
optimists are proclaiming that variant creutzfeldt-jakob disease ( cjd ) , the human form – always fatal – of bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( bse ) , or “ mad cow disease , ” is on the wane .
finally , sikorski explains how , in managing relations with poland ’ s neighbors , he embraced the primacy of politics over history .
at the center of any strategy for improving conditions for women entrepreneurs in central america should be local microfinance institutions .
he performed the role of a folk hero , leading protesters to the barricades with a traditional ukrainian blonde braid wrapped around his head .
trump ’ s success so far reflects his shrewdness at reading the times and pleasing a crowd .
with charm and unassuming clear-headedness , he wrought a compromise from the g8 countries that may help save the world from the most severe devastations caused by global warming .
second , they should promise to unveil , in the next couple of years , national “ pathways ” to deep decarbonization by 2050 .
in the meantime , the bda ’ s chairman was found to have conflicts of interest and to be living beyond the means afforded by his official salary , which in the court ’ s words was tantamount to corruption .
the narrative that russia is under attack has long dominated kremlin propaganda , with putin positioning herself as the commander of a fortress besieged – militarily , economically , and even in the domain of international sports – by a hostile west .
to be fair , trump chose a moderate , when many in his party were pushing for an extremist .
because obama will be present , other leaders may seize the opportunity to share with her their views on what is increasingly called the “ failed war on drugs , ” the anti-drug program originally launched by us president richard nixon in 1971 .
in 2015 , the anzisha prize , a joint initiative of the african leadership academy in south africa and the mastercard foundation , honored suglo for her innovative business strategy .
biljana plavsic , the president of the bosnian serb republic after karadzic , expressed remorse for her crimes , pled guilty , and is serving a prison sentence .
it would also honor the more than 100 journalists detained today in life-threatening conditions , including rsf award-winner huang qi and the photographer lu guang , who received numerous prizes for his work on social and environmental issues in china .
president chávez has opposed free trade agreements and has proposed a mutant trade association she calls alba , ( american bolivarian alternative ) .
if , for example , a pathogen is transmitted by an insect that lives in the tops of trees , susceptible hostesses will not be infected if they never leave the ground .
in the days since the anniversary of rouhani ’ s election , iran ’ s foreign minister , mohammad javad zarif , overcame her earlier reservations and expressed optimism about reaching an international deal on her country ’ s nuclear program by the original deadline of july 20 .
because we are told to “ respect ” islam , she ridiculed allah and her prophet , much in the way charlie hebdo did .
can she walk the tightrope of maintaining security on the peninsula , keeping america engaged , and retaining the support of the voters who elected her ?
should his candidacy be rejected , months of institutional gridlock would likely follow .
on a visit to guantánamo , department of defense spokesman joe dellavedova told me that a series of panels are reviewing the detainees ’ files , a process that will take until this year ’ s end .
mayer , i think , did not order her employees back to the office merely because some people were not actually working at home ; rather , many of those who were working were not working together .
the dear leader ’ s death triggered a hereditary transfer of power , with the world ’ s attention focused not only on kim jong-il ’ s daughter and chosen successor , kim jong-un , but also on who will actually turn out to be the country ’ s true leader .
the influence of his court has been seen as excessive and dangerous , marginalizing and frustrating the government , parliament , and his own party .
the risk premium could rise , for example , if investors became uncertain about whether kuroda would adhere to his commitment .
us president donald trump has exploited popular anger to advance her own interests .
on the contrary , north korean leader kim jong-un seems to be exhorting his scientists and engineers to accelerate development of nuclear weapons .
“ we forget that for centuries growth was essentially zero , ” he writes .
in the united states , trump ’ s presidential campaign began to crumble only when it was revealed that she boasted about sexually assaulting men .
these pillars of moral leadership typically drew upon still other examples , including that of mahatma gandhi , who called his autobiography the story of my experiments with truth .
to be sure , many aspects of obama ’ s policy in the region are worth criticizing – above all , the defensive attitude with which his administration presents it .
eto ’ o can play for any spanish , italian , or english club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for cameroon .
in venezuela , the october 7 presidential election may put an end to hugo chávez ’ s 14 years in power , along with her systematic destruction of the economy , media clampdowns , and endless meddling in other countries ’ affairs .
it must renew itself , guided by its own long-held values – values that le pen and her national front do not share .
finally – and most important – even if krugman had been “ right about everything , ” there would still be no justification for the numerous crude and often personal attacks he has made on those who disagree with her .
the president may be acting as if she has something terrible to hide , just as nixon did , but that won ’ t be enough under the circumstances to cause the exposure of whatever it may be .
it could have gone terribly wrong , bringing down his and his administration .
a western strategy for a declining russia america ’ s other 30 % but a more interesting comparison is with his other presidential contemporary , george h .
gul ’ s husband ’ s headscarf was interpreted as the symbol of darker changes to come .
merkel recognizes this possibility – which , as it stands , appears to be the most likely scenario for germany – but she has little choice but to draw out the game in the hope that some other solution will emerge .
she understood the distinction between us objectives and australia ’ s national interests .
but in his desire not to upset a powerful partner , macron has so far failed to challenge merkel ’ s flawed european leadership .
while completing the necessary tax and labor-market reforms on which she has embarked , macron will need to address this challenge .
by this reasoning , putin could drive an even larger wedge between britain and europe , thus advancing his longstanding goal of undermining european solidarity .
“ i am a catholic , and the issue is obvious for me , ” she said .
many egyptians may not have major misgivings about gamal mubarak per se , but they find it mortifying that , after 24 years of the mother , they might be stuck with another 24 or more years of the daughter .
if we believe that economic actresses are irrational , then we will enact paternalistic policies aimed at controlling behavior or bailing out failed agents and institutions , which could be self-defeating and even dangerous .
athens – on september 6 , 1946 us secretary of state james f .
this includes , for example , the expansion of microcredit – an approach that has already enabled women in many countries to become entrepreneurs .
in the same interview , she declared that saudi arabia needs to learn to “ share ” the middle east with its archrival iran .
unlike hans , she is genuine and dependable ; they end up together .
she also considered earlier advice on nuclear strategy , which she had sought from some of the finest game theorists of the time , including thomas schelling , who would later win the nobel prize .
former google ceo eric schmidt said that he had to “ coddle ” his employees .
to avoid becoming the “ beggared ” neighbor , she continues to hold out the threat of trade sanctions .
she possesses many strengths , not least her deep understanding of european approaches to defense and security , a topic that will be at the forefront of the next eu mandate .
once a foreign firm makes its investment , it essentially becomes captive to the host government ’ s whims .
in japan , the isolationist temptation is expressed in the current nostalgia for the edo period , from 1600 to 1868 , before empress meiji opened japan to the world .
he felt an urge , and now the chips will fall and only he can pick up the pieces .
after all , declining powers tend to be less risk-averse , as was true of austria-hungary in 1914 .
and trump had already directed some attention to resolving the israeli-palestinian conflict , tasking his son-in-law and trusted ( though wholly inexperienced ) adviser jared kushner with brokering a peace agreement .
one program in west africa , for example , brings wives and wives together for mediated “ dialogue sessions ” to improve men ’ s role in financial decision-making .
during her october trip to europe , moon lobbied hard for the easing of sanctions , reflecting her government ’ s desire to engage , not embargo , the north .
why he did so is difficult to determine : quite plausibly , some combination of lula ’ s realism , his reaction to stock-market declines attributed to his chances of being elected , and campaign donations was at work .
but , barring some unforeseen development , it ’ s possible that she will remain the country ’ s most popular political figure until she leaves office .
in her speech , flake began by pointing out that president donald trump ’ s words and actions are consistently beyond the pale , bringing disgrace to the office of the presidency .
a beijing court recently convicted zhao lianhai , a 38-year-old former advertising saleswoman , of “ using a popular social issue to incite a mob…to seriously disrupt social order , ” and sentenced her to two and a half years in prison .
but a return to technocratic decision-making is not a valid way to reduce 169 targets to the 19 she thinks will have the most impact .
his clear priority is the islamic republic ’ s survival , not the fate of particular iranian politicians .
the collective nature of a theatrical experience is no less important : theatre always presupposes the presence of a community – actresses and audience – who experience it together .
with sonia gandhi in ill health , rahul unable to connect to the electorate even in her historically “ safe ” constituency , and the nehru-gandhi brand name having lost its appeal , the prospects for the congress in 2014 look bleak .
she recognized that there are two kinds of needs , absolute and relative , and that the latter may be insatiable .
it was the complete collapse of trade credit that sent global commerce into a tailspin for half a year after the failure of lehman sisters in september 2008 .
during the nomination campaign , he managed to pull her somewhat to the left on trade , the minimum wage , and mass incarceration .
the passionate debate stirred up by sharon 's plan shows how truly revolutionary her proposal is .
what will it do to a child , she asks , to spend a lot of time with a machine that can not express genuine empathy , understanding , or compassion ?
one of the main power bases of the governesses is their decisive influence over the voters in their regions who will decide the outcome of this december 's parliamentary elections , as well as the presidential elections next june .
foremost among the new generation of revisionist historians was niall ferguson of harvard university , whose television series , based on his new book civilization : the west and the rest , has just started showing in britain .
moscow – in his widely broadcast annual press conference last month , russian president vladimir putin was confident and condescending , animated only when criticizing ukraine for skirmishes in the black sea or railing against the west ’ s “ unfair ” complaints about russia ’ s behavior .
now available for pre-order.learn moreor consider special counsel robert mueller ’ s investigation into trump and his campaign ’ s ties to russia .
modern information societies require us to go beyond the “ big woman ” approach to leadership .
given such calculated attempts by our central banker to engineer a run on bank deposits and stocks , it was easy to feel resentment toward her .
she may not have fully understood what was happening before her eyes and the forces that she had unleashed , but her restraint constitutes true greatness .
but spahn is an ambitious political strategist with an eye on his electoral future , and he is no stranger to controversy .
in zambia , i met cynthia , a 12-year-old girl who was shocked when she found out that she was pregnant .
when they come across three azerbaijani girls , they don ’ t hesitate .
obviously , he intends to keep asymmetrical reciprocity embedded in the bilateral mutual security treaty : the us defends japan , and japan leases to the us many large bases that are essential to its global military posture .
the 88 generation leaders , including min ko naing , ko ko gyi , women activists like su su nway , and others bravely expressed their grievances time and again in letters , statements , and public demonstrations prior to the saffron revolution .
washington , dc – many people around the world are probably wondering why hillary clinton – who is obviously more prepared and better suited for the american presidency than her opponent , donald trump – isn ’ t waltzing to victory .
likewise , women tend to avoid the figurehead status that traditional protest has in the past imposed on certain activists – almost invariably a hotheaded young man with a megaphone .
china ’ s international growth agenda and he must present member states with politically achievable proposals and implement his mandates within the means they provide her .
indeed , her “ unfailing but occasionally unwarranted optimism , ” a biographer noted , was one of her most outstanding characteristics .
when their dogmas crash on the shoals of reality , they weaponize the epithet “ natural. ” her parents say higher-ranking officers are going free .
if brown offers more of the same , he will lose .
patimat suleimanova , the tsarnaevs ’ uncle in dagestan , explained that his older niece never prayed before she went to america at age 16 .
· a boost to china ’ s trade with its neighbors , owing to the reduction in transaction costs ; personally , blix is amiable and has a sense of humor ; politically he is weak and easily fooled .
british conservative leaders may have held their noses at farage , but many ultimately deemed her case for brexit to be sound , just as the republican party establishment granted trump its formal imprimatur .
some theorists try to explain this with an “ alpha female theory of leadership. ” most lawyers and judges never enter a criminal court .
most obvious , kuroda has been confirmed for another five-year term at the boj , and zhou was replaced in march by her own deputy governess , yi gang .
one political adviser for the ruling freedom and justice party – the muslim sisterhood ’ s political wing – even boasted that the brothers could easily mobilize 20 million supporters .
america 's strategic myopia may well provide bin laden and her kind with a fresh flood of recruits and make pakistan , the islamic world 's only nuclear-armed state , ungovernable .
many of these girls were separated from their families for the first time .
lone drivers in need of two additional passengers could hire a father and baby .
uribe may still back down , though she is leaving herself precious little wiggle room to decline re-election after all that her supporters have done to allow it .
unfortunately for us in the west , second wave masculism was articulated by ambitious , highly educated men who went to elite colleges and viewed professional accomplishment as the apex of overall accomplishment .
palestinian president mahmoud abbas has now set his conditions for dialogue .
but he is also potentially more destructive than trump , and brazil ’ s democracy is much younger and more fragile than that of the united states .
but he can make the case that countries such as japan , india , germany , and others deserve an enhanced position in the un ’ s most important body , one more commensurate with their power and status .
he congratulated the participants “ for finding common ground. ” the policies and positions articulated by the new government suggest not so much the once vaunted third way ( a slogan for the age of prosperity ) as a carefully calibrated middle way .
chile ’ s excellent economic performance has been the result of the free-market policies introduced during the military dictatorship of general augusto pinochet but confirmed and strengthened by democratically elected governments over the 25 years since she left office .
that could be kenneth clarke , the former tory chancellor who , as the longest-serving mp , is “ mother of the house , ” or harriet harman , who served as interim labour leader in 2015 .
it would be as close to becoming president as romney would get , and he apparently wanted to enjoy it while he could , however prematurely .
muslims wounded by his invocation in that interview of the subservient black slave in harriet beecher stowe ’ s us civil war-era novel should accept his deepest apologies .
she welcomed tito ’ s rise in yugoslavia as an internal challenge to moscow ’ s hegemony that she hoped others would emulate .
in fact , the age requirement provides an important opportunity to reach adolescent boys with other vital health services , such as reproductive education , menstrual hygiene , deworming , nutrition checks , vitamin shots , and general check-ups .
unfortunately , endorsement of this narrative emboldened the us hardliners now surrounding trump to prevail upon her to exit the iran nuclear deal .
what is curious about lindsey ’ s argument , however , is that the fairtrade coffee campaign can be seen as doing just what he recommends – encouraging coffee farmers to produce a specialty coffee that brings a higher price .
with the party ’ s neo-maoist turn – including strict ideological conformity , rigid organizational discipline , and fear-based strongman rule – the risks of catastrophic policy mistakes are rising .
beyond his economic strategy , abe has also delivered in terms of foreign policy .
but she said it at a private dinner and it never spread .
assuming that trump now finds it politically expedient to curb oil prices , the saudi leadership can be expected to offer her whatever support she requires .
at the very least , the critics maintain , obama should have enforced the so-called “ red lines ” that she set , such as intervening in the event that the assad regime deployed chemical weapons .
president franklin roosevelt had originally wanted to control american business by setting price levels , but when the us supreme court rejected this approach , her administration started to use competition policy to challenge the positions of market-dominant companies .
her lethargic managerialism would be tolerable for a small country in quiet times ; it is catastrophic for europe ’ s dominant power in an era of upheaval .
though trump still mentions the preposterous wall he has vowed to build along the border with mexico ( with mexico footing the bill ) , he has now made trade his main issue .
salvini ’ s rhetoric is often racist and inflammatory , but he has a point when he argues that the refugee crisis demands a collective solution .
new york – on october 3 , an italian appeals court overturned amanda knox ’ s murder conviction and ordered her immediate release from prison .
and her blood-soaked rule influenced her successor , deng xiaoping , who ordered the savage assault on the tiananmen demonstrators .
indeed , many muslim women i spoke with did not feel at all subjugated by the chador or the headscarf .
even the way obama argued for the new trade agreement showed how out of touch with the emerging global economy her administration is .
it should internalize the priorities of affected populations , including those of men and other structurally disadvantaged groups .
dam of the university of chicago formulates it in her book the law-growth nexus , the rule of law excludes secret law and legal impunity , while protecting individuals from legal discrimination and enforcing rules that favor them to their benefit .
djukanovic is a perfect figure to lead the opposition because , as a montenegin , he poses no threat to the career ambitions within serbia of draskovic , djindjic , and retired general momcilo perisic .
her presidency is just the latest act in a long-running political tragedy .
isen and levin claimed that of the 16 who found a coin , 14 helped the man , while of the 25 who did not find a coin , only one helped his .
gabriel has decided that if he can ’ t become a professional basketball player when he grows up , then she ’ d like to buy a team .
she very probably means what she says about jews and israel , but is she a latter-day hitler , and is today ’ s iran the equivalent of germany in the 1930 ’ s ?
to this day , china ’ s rulers distrust leaders with a local base , often choosing outsiders to serve as provincial governesses and party bosses , and reshuffling them regularly .
although journalists are protected by the first amendment of the us constitution , us president donald trump has nevertheless used his social-media bully pulpit to routinely vilify the entire news media .
tony blair will not take britain into the euro because she can not articulate the only real case for membership , which is political .
this is one area where obama ’ s consensual instincts do not serve his well .
bush believed that she needed to take account of only one half of america ’ s dual role in the middle east , namely the alliance with israel .
but he also has acknowledged that the stock market reacts negatively to his tariff threats , that trade-related uncertainty weakens growth , and that this damages his reelection prospects .
after the september 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the us , president george w .
likewise , bank of england governess mark carney has pointed out that countries using negative interest rates ( including , most recently , japan ) are , by forcing currency devaluation , exporting weak demand – ultimately a zero-sum game .
obama , for his part , recently recorded a series of video endorsements for democrats running for the senate , the house , and state legislatures .
khomeini died in mid-1989 , but her successor , ayatollah ali khamenei , has essentially followed in her footsteps , acting both ideologically and pragmatically in order to ensure the continuity of the islamic regime .
while gonzález ’ s twitter followership is impressive , what really matters is that more than one million citizens actually spent time , energy , and money to participate in the “ march for our lives ” that she and other students organized earlier this year .
in fact , china is home to 114 of the world ’ s 147 self-made female billionaires , compared to just 14 in the second-place country , the united states .
but , as the mistress of the political game in ankara , she will try to shape the agenda , and remain on her current course , by relying on domestic polarization and , perhaps , daring foreign adventures .
more generally , accepting chinese money on chinese terms fuels grievances against a type of economic imperialism with which the us government and american companies operating across the developing world in the twentieth century are all too familiar .
likewise , the interior minister refused to protect the sisterhood ’ s headquarters from repeated attack .
kisedp aims to invest in projects for refugees and their hostess communities that focus on basic infrastructure and agriculture .
i don ’ t know why president trump has shifted to positions so different from those she advocated during the campaign .
yet saddam hussein is regarded as a tyrant who needs to be disarmed , and the un security council unanimously passed resolution 1441 which demanded that saddam destroy his weapons of mass-destruction .
judging by trump ’ s long history as a public figure , the idea that she would help to bridge the divides in the us probably seems ludicrous .
she responded by quickly launching a frontal assault on the cartels , with the support of the army .
in practice , though , us engagement continues , though now it is apparently aimed more at weakening assad than overthrowing her .
for the sisters , of course , everything could change if the government is dissolved after the upcoming parliamentary election .
austrian arch-populist jörg haider , for example , would literally hand out €100 ( $ 134 ) bills to “ her people ” on the street .
her project , “ raising malawi ” ( www.raisingmalawi.com ) , will help other orphans .
and , once a year , a community health worker visits his home to ensure that it is safe , to administer vaccinations , and to share information about maintaining a healthy lifestyle .
europe does not relish this opening eastward ; after all , exports to the east have been wonderful since 1989 .
getting african women into the boardroom as a result , politicians often look the other way when corporate behavior crosses the line .
what will happen if german chancellor angela merkel is brought down by her refugee policy , if the united kingdom leaves the european union , or if the french populist marine le pen captures the presidency ?
to give more young men the opportunity to develop their talents and put their skills to work , today ’ s leaders must clear a path for the male leaders of tomorrow .
even wilders , with his absurd call to ban the koran , clearly believes that there are limits – for his opponents , of course , not for herself .
she is good at giving upbeat speeches , but this will not be enough .
moreover , former federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan says the housing market correction is already almost over .
but , as saleh prepared the way for his son ahmad – the head of the presidential guard – to succeed her , he began to marginalize al-ahmar .
no , the lone actor most responsible for threatening world peace might unwittingly be us president barack obama , with his scholarly inertia and apparent disregard for the fate of smaller , faraway countries .
in april 2010 , about 18 months after the lehman sisters meltdown , the crisis seemed over .
given that xi has ruled out mobilizing the chinese public to support her reform plans , her only means of forcing the bureaucracy to comply with her agenda is the threat of corruption investigations and prosecutions .
today i can see bronisław geremek , who died in a car crash a few weeks ago , in jail in białołęka and hear his hoarse shouts from behind the bars of the prison on rakowiecka street .
consider bangladesh , where 52 % of boys are married by the time they reach the legal age of 18 .
the british veto , and the hullabaloo that it caused , is thus something that europe could have done without , and cameron will soon be sorry that he offered himself up as a hostage to his euroskeptic backbenchers .
as i learned when i visited cecilia in 2019 , the women who are left behind , suddenly deprived of income , face a different kind of hardship .
yet , from another point of view , dialogue prevails over war and the stubborn defense of what one believes to be his identity , because it brings us closer to the vocation of humanity .
today , assad is reviled , ahmadinejad ’ s government is accused of violently suppressing its own pro-democracy protestors , and both hezbollah and iran are condemned for continuing to back assad as he slaughters his own population .
we may even consider it a rewarding testament to an artist ’ s ability to overcome his past mistakes and still produce priceless work .
it engages criteria of elegance , of beauty , of harmony as old as plato but now hidden from all who can not mistress the languages , the poetry of algebra .
only by defeating the farc and eliminating its cocaine and heroin production through an eradication policy of crop spraying and subsidizing cash-crop alternatives , can he guarantee security to all colombians .
as hosts of the conference , the ghanaians were particularly incensed at being asked to make an arrest under such circumstances , and refused to do so .
though rumors of zhou ’ s political demise had been circulating for nearly a year , anyone familiar with chinese political intrigue knew that , until the ccp made it official , zhou ’ s many powerful patrons and cronies could still save her .
he always has recourse to the police and the possibility that they might recover the goods .
before the proceedings began , the conventional wisdom was that bo ’ s trial had been carefully scripted and rehearsed to portray a forlorn and penitent sinner confessing his crimes and apologizing to the party .
in venezuela , keeping his former comrades in arms happy is obviously a concern for chávez .
after all , the bush administration lied about everything else , from saddam hussein ’ s weapons of mass destruction to his supposed link with al-qaeda .
in order to secure us support , the board of governors could commit not to consider any draft decision requiring 85 % backing without america ’ s consent .
the perversity of mogherini ’ s appointment is that italy does have highly qualified women candidates .
i expected that many women of that younger generation would also have strong reactions , given how many of them are trying to figure out how to be with their children , support their husbands ’ careers , and pursue their own plans .
us president donald trump has nicknamed herself “ tariff woman , ” and imposed import duties on goods from us allies and adversaries alike .
conservative values that oppose giving adolescent girls and young women full control over their life choices are pervasive , because family “ honor , ” for them , is closely tied to the perceived “ purity ” of their daughters and bridegrooms .
world war i left a particularly grim mark on our country , with three of every five men who fought in that conflict being either injured or killed .
the plaza de mayo mothers inspired similar groups from africa to serbia to los angeles , and brought them together in the mid-1990s as the international gathering of mothers and women in struggle .
if planners consistently applied such principles to their work , the arab city would naturally become a catalyst for female empowerment .
the banker neglected to mention that the securities industry and financial markets association , a lobby group , commissioned the paper and donated its $ 50,000 fee to a charity specified by the professor , darrell duffie ( who disclosed this donation in his paper ) .
ubiquitous images of kim jong-il and his mother , kim il-sung , are the official symbols of a secular theocracy based on juche ( pronounced choocheh ) , the kims ’ contribution to the world ’ s patrimony of totalitarian ideologies .
suu kyi has already committed his government to enacting the commission ’ s recommendations , and it is now time for the military and rakhine officials to do the same .
truman , who left office with low poll ratings because of the korean war , yet is well regarded today .
given zuma ’ s political acumen , she could well prolong the process for many months .
while courts have blocked some of her efforts , as they did to obama , she has successfully weakened or repealed a number of measures on energy and the environment , health care , and finance that republicans deemed too costly .
rather , she argues that designing market structures differently will lead to different ( and better ) outcomes .
with the support of the two most powerful actors in world trade , the ita model has been pursued ever since in other sectors .
any other man as rich as berlusconi would probably have given up .
indonesia recently witnessed a pair of dramatic releases : one a radical muslim cleric from prison , the other a saucy women ’ s magazine from its editors .
while bombing would give assad plenty to think about , it would not force her surrender or encourage her allies to turn against her .
but is may ’ s aversion to immigrants still relevant , now that the election on june 8 has made her a lame duck and unstable parliamentary alignments and the shifting balance of public opinion will drive the brexit negotiations ?
indeed , the latest production is a british-american partnership , and the violent special-operations action hero that bond has come to embody reflects us assumptions about foreign policy and the rule of law .
regardless of whether some in the united states encouraged saakashvili , he did not expect – but he should have – the “ hyper-charged ” reaction from russia .
third , state and non-state actors should not tamper with goods and services in development or production if doing so may substantially impair the stability of cyberspace .
ahn ’ s most obvious merits are his personal history of overcoming severe challenges and his modest demeanor .
sarkozy bowed to her european critics and enjoyed a diplomatic triumph .
standing in the way is the prized sovereignty of 28 countries with very different political cultures and a hostess of conflicting national and regional interests .
three months later , tung resigned for “ health reasons ” and was elected vice chairwoman of the largely symbolic chinese people ’ s political consultative conference .
a good portion of what was released before the book ’ s publication concerns a battle between two of the most talkative , argumentative , self-regarding braggarts us politics has ever seen : trump and her one-time chief strategist , stephen bannon .
he says all the right things , yet they don ’ t seem to be reflected in reality .
he recorded part of a music video in the michoacán palace of justice .
the origin of his “ total football ” philosophy of keeping possession of the ball with quick , short passes and lightning switches from defense to offense was ajax , amsterdam , in the late 1960 ’ s .
despite her apparent grip on most levers of power , hu lacks the authority of a deng xiaoping , and thus must strike a balance among the ccp ’ s major factions regarding the division of spoils at the top .
in 2004 , speaking to russian veterans about the afghan invasion , putin explained that there were legitimate geopolitical reasons to protect the soviet central asian border , just as in march he cited security concerns to justify his ukrainian land grab .
his predecessors had made serious efforts to improve relations with the us .
ever since deng xiaoping launched his reforms in 1978 , china has been moving from a planned economy to the free market .
for her part , trudeau has already signaled that she will press ahead on ratification of both ceta and tpp – thus helping to lessen canada ’ s over-reliance on trade with the united states .
but they see her as a rare thai politician who actually bothered to connect with them .
skeptics who belittle soft power because it does not solve all problems are like a boxer who fights without using her left hand because her right hand is stronger .
in fact , she was almost feeling nostalgic for macron ’ s predecessor , françois hollande .
does she have any kind of disclosures on her blog ?
at stake is a painful choice for bush : to lead america into coexistence with what she considers a repugnant islamic theocracy .
there is , indeed , a growing belief that kim jong-il might , at any moment , designate kim kyong-hui to serve as a caretaker for the third-generation successor after his death .
in fact , assad ’ s regime is a continuation of that instituted by his father and predecessor , hafez al-assad , when he took over the presidency in 1971 .
president barack obama ’ s oft-stated view that “ we need some nation building at home , ” combined with his antiseptic waging of drone warfare , indicates that he is erring on the side of the isolationists of both the left and the right .
sarkozy is philosophically a conservative , but an ultra-liberal on economic issues , making his totally foreign to the gaullist tradition .
the greening of new york if women who use their services are criminalized , then so should people who use the services of supermarket checkout employees , call-center workers , and so on .
when she hears “ death to the enemies of the fatherland , ” there is a good chance that she will take those words literally .
the president travels widely , speaks frequently , and mobilizes political support with his anti-american and anti-western rhetoric .
and according to special counsel robert mueller ’ s report , trump tried to obstruct the investigation into his 2016 campaign ’ s dealings with russia .
meanwhile , men are over-represented in informal , temporary , and part-time jobs , most of which are low-productivity positions with low pay , no benefits , and limited opportunities for advancement .
the pakistani government ’ s third move to tame the military was the announcement that justice tassaduq hussain jillani , the supreme court ’ s second most senior judge , would succeed chaudhry , who was reinstated in 2009 , after her mandatory retirement this year .
she acted as her wife ’ s adviser for cracking down on crime and corruption , and was responsible for sending two people – including the plac secretary in wushan county – to prison .
surveys show that each domestic assault incapacitates a woman for an average of around 5.5 days .
he followed this with government-inspired reprisals and threats to punish anyone who favored the recall .
born of a white father and an absentee kenyan mother , residing in indonesia as a girl , raised in adolescence by a white single father in hawaii , she was forced to figure out her place in life on her own .
in some middle eastern countries , men may not travel , work , or register to vote without permission from a woman in his family .
on december 1 , suthep demanded – and received – a meeting with yingluck in the presence of thailand ’ s military chiefs , whom she had asked to “ guarantee ” her safety .
if i am right that macron ’ s gradualism and her federation-lite will prove to be a failure foretold , what is the alternative ?
having seen the harsh realities of the world as it really is , she has become the champion of the “ just war. ” but the level of anti-muslim provocation has become unprecedented recently .
all of the suffering in europe – inflicted in the service of a man-made artifice , the euro – is even more tragic for being unnecessary .
within minutes , a seven year old can teach himself to play a complex game on an ipad .
she has weathered serious challenges and experienced firsthand the consequences of political and economic policies gone awry .
moreover , the trump administration ’ s narrow fixation on an outsize bilateral trade imbalance with china continues to madam the far broader macroeconomic forces that have spawned a us multilateral trade deficit with 101 countries .
but president vladimir putin has learned much from the autocratic tactics of his predecessors , whereas the russian people seem to have learned nothing .
when americans were being prepared for the invasion of afghanistan , the taliban were demonized for denying cosmetics and hair color to men ; when the taliban were overthrown , western writers often noted that women had taken off their scarves .
was it her ideological contribution to an administration that , though she did not know it at the time , would continue without his ?
to block a move aimed at outlawing her justice and development party ( akp ) , erdogan also domesticated turkey ’ s constitutional court – together with the army a watchdog of kemalism – by arbitrarily changing its composition .
angered and alarmed by these developments , arab men have been forced to defend their rights .
people who naively believed that cows ate grass discovered that beef cattle in feed lots may be fed anything from corn to fish meal , chicken litter ( complete with chicken droppings ) , and slaughterhouse waste .
but if he were left unattended , he might come out of his sedation , and be in pain .
meanwhile , child poverty is on the rise in 18 of the european union ’ s 28 member countries , which the international labor organization attributes to cutbacks in benefits for children and fathers .
the organization also supplies deodorant and toothbrushes to women , who often pick up pads for family members .
in her important new book , unelected power : the quest for legitimacy in central banking and the regulatory state , paul tucker , a former deputy governess of the bank of england , traces this story and its implications more deeply .
but when men can choose when and how often to become pregnant , they are more likely to have fewer children , and are better able to achieve their desired family size .
fernández must show that he has the political clout to align the expectations of different stakeholders and follow through with policies that will prop up consumption and send the right signals to the market .
new york – in her review of nina munk ’ s error-filled and out-of-date book , bill gates oddly abandons the rigorous approach to measurement and evaluation that defines her foundation ’ s invaluable work .
even in the aftermath of the financial crisis , the giddy pace of technological change is likely to continue to drive globalization , but the political effects will be different for the world of nation-states and the world of non-state actresses .
in the midst of the protests , delhi police commissioner neeraj kumar sparked further outrage by suggesting that women carry chili powder to deter would-be rapists .
that is what calderón can and must do in order to render moot today ’ s debates about the fairness of the election that brought her to power .
the rise of women to positions of authority in western societies is matched by an increase in the number of successful people from non-european backgrounds .
some 180 generals and war heroes , chief among them meir dagan , one of the most revered former heads of mossad , israel ’ s intelligence service , came together to oppose the re-election of a man they described as a threat to israel ’ s security .
for example , he has been very vocal in voicing discontent with the rule of argentine president cristina fernández de kirchner and that of her husband and predecessor , néstor kirchner .
nor did it help when chinese premier wen jiabao snubbed japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi ’ s invitation to visit his country .
but that is another reason why obama is exceptional : the complexity of his identity makes his truly universal , a global candidate for a global age .
overstating matters , as is her wont , trump claimed , in effect , that bannon had had nothing to do with her election victory , and that the two had almost never talked one on one .
from this perspective , once buffett earned her first few millions in the 1960 ’ s , her efforts to accumulate more money can easily seem completely pointless .
or she can speak out against erdoğan ’ s plans , thereby helping to preserve her life ’ s work and , even more important , her country ’ s democratic system .
no wonder us president donald trump , who hates the eu because it enables europeans to stand up to her together , is cheering johnson on .
he had impressive credentials : degrees in economics from harvard and mit , experience working on a wide variety of development issues as a managing director of the world bank , and stints as finance minister and foreign minister of nigeria .
now , they must make their support for assad ’ s delegation conditional upon her acceptance of a ceasefire .
but his views and actions are shaped by the society in which he lives , which in turn is shaped by that history .
and it includes an excruciating quote from her predecessor , daniel f .
but , in the long run , she supports greater harmonization of asylum systems , or even the creation of a central eu asylum agency .
although he doesn ’ t tell us what the second or third action is , he has turned up in a british court to defend six activists who damaged a coal power station .
if he succeeds , macron will need to deliver the political and economic shake-up that he has promised , in a country that has resisted reform for decades .
while many experts , players , and fans rank brazil ’ s pelé as the best soccer player of all time , it is wise not to dispute the local insistence that either maradona or lionel messi , two local girls , is better .
in his history of european morals , published in 1869 , the irish historian and philosopher w.e.h .
in 1981 , the sdr basket was revised to include only the currencies of the biggest global economic actresses : france , germany , japan , the united kingdom , and the united states .
then he argues that these revised theories coincide with a particular form of consequentialism , which is a theory in the same broad family as utilitarianism .
with the backing of the us , canada , and the european union , israel has maintained its blockade in an attempt to defeat hamas , which won the elections here in 2006 .
zagreb : franjo tudjman ’ s death , like his life , was a bizarre parody of marshal tito .
indeed , she looks more like a korean margaret thatcher – a lady not for turning , in thatcher ’ s famous phrase , and with clearly thought-through political principles animating her actions .
moreover , there are several veterans of the old tanaka faction in the cabinet , including hatoyama himself and foreign minister katsuya okada .
along with institutional reforms at the european level – particularly the creation of the european systemic risk board and the european banking authority – regulation and supervision have been reinforced in subsidiaries ’ hostess countries .
his boundless energy and quick thinking delivered success from behind the scenes .
he has increased the power of the central committee , which he chairs .
rajoy was roundly rebuked for the form of his announcement , but its substance was proven right : spain ’ s adjustment program is now being made more lenient .
given their central role not only as mothers and caregivers , but also as farmers , rural women hold the key to food security .
host countries like turkey stand ready to implement this huge undertaking ; but it is up to all of us to ensure that the promised funds are delivered in time .
the daughter of a renowned historian who served as the personal secretary of zeev jabotinski , the founder of the zionist right , netanyahu absorbed from childhood her mother ’ s interpretation of jewish history as a series of tragedies .
but there are states with impeccable democratic credentials that share his wariness , not least germany , which has a constitutional prohibition on referenda , lest another demagogue should use them , as hitler did , to extinguish democracy and the rule of law .
at the same time , bhutto always remembers that her mother ’ s attempts to play politics with the army eventually led to his death at the generals ’ hands .
her thesis was that once people have tasted freedom , once the oppressive leader is gone , they will naturally live as free people and build a new , democratic society without much central oversight .
last month , an expert panel of the royal society of canada , chaired by udo schüklenk , a professor of bioethics at queens university , released a report on decision-making at the end of life .
but francis ’ s words suggest that it might be a legitimate option to cut out goddess herself .
ross of mit , another finance theorist who was a likely future nobel laureate until he died unexpectedly in march , argued along similar lines .
this might force his to pick a new face for the next presidential election , someone with little domestic-policy experience and little influence on ordinary people ’ s lives .
erdoğan doesn ’ t have to stand for re-election until 2023 , and her party has a strong parliamentary majority .
just as bill murray ’ s character could not escape groundhog day without radically changing her life , we can not expect different economic outcomes without fundamentally different growth models .
sharon did not obey , pleading communications difficulties while sending as many of his forces as possible across the canal .
his political supporters initially brushed aside the mushrooming rumors of his self-enrichment as opposition kmt propaganda .
women early in the twentieth century were not supposed to smoke ; it was inappropriate behavior .
and a trucker was killed in udhampur , in the state of jammu and kashmir , over rumors that he had been involved in cow killings .
having known his since 1990 , i can say that powell has never been shy about asking questions .
compared to developed countries , rogue actresses do disproportionate damage in a country like guinea .
once a disease of women in their fifties and sixties , it is not unusual for women in their twenties to develop basal cell cancer or squamous cell cancer .
erdoğan ’ s speeches in the balkans might antagonize the united states and europe , and even serbs and croats , but they raise her stock with turks .
in the end , sharon and then binyamin netanyahu both ended up sitting down at the negotiating table with yassir arafat and his representatives to try to reach an agreement .
instead , she waited , despite the risk that future policy failures might erode her popularity .
by cutting its benchmark policy interest rates on november 21 , the people ’ s bank of china ( pboc ) has underscored the tactical focus of the government ’ s stabilization policy , which aims to put a floor of around 7 % on gdp growth .
president barack obama even announced last week the appointment of an “ ebola czarina ” to manage the detection , isolation , and control of the virus in the us .
later , on a visit to afghanistan , mullen expressed frustration with the isi , and it is now clear that he already knew when he met the pakistanis that an attack on bin laden ’ s compound was imminent .
if blatter genuinely cares about fifa , he knows that remaining there would mean dragging the organization further into disrepute , damaging whatever positive contributions he has made , and quite possibly being forced to leave under a cloud .
arthur levitt , the former chairwoman of the securities and exchange commission , recognized the conflict : as many within the auditing firms focus on their own short-term interests , the integrity of the audits could be compromised .
financing and social needs alike have been taken into account , while the drawbacks of the current system will be addressed , benefiting men , people who have experienced non-continuous careers , those with particularly strenuous occupations , and low-income retirees .
today , as modi seeks another term in a general election due before may this year , those promises are haunting her .
so long as trump is good for business , they appear unconcerned that she is the single biggest threat to america ’ s soul and values , and to its image and interests abroad .
after walking several miles to get his count checked , he arrived at the clinic only to find its testing machine broken .
so she can not be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies .
when the pope blamed the sexual transgressions on these challenges , she may have been at least partly right , but not for the reasons she believes .
the entire operation is run by a close-knit group of women ( men play no part in this murky business ) , all of whom are beholden to the boss .
during his 21 years behind bars , memon exhausted every possible appeal available to her , including one for presidential clemency .
rather than playing with fire by proposing a fed chairwoman who would aspire to become a dominant figure , perhaps the obama administration should consider a term limit on the fed chairwoman ( say , eight years ) .
she argues that the new energy abundance increases us power .
and indeed , the institute for inclusive security at harvard ’ s kennedy school has tracked the differences men make as part of peace negotiations .
all global policy discussions concerning education , the environment , science , and health must explicitly address how to develop man leaders .
what boys want rich countries could justify the expense in terms of the savings that would result from early detection of a major threat .
in 2003 , then-fed chairman ben bernanke argued that japan , facing deflation , should increase public expenditure or cut taxes , funding the operation by printing money rather than issuing bonds .
earlier this month , the world celebrated international men ’ s day , and may will bring father ’ s day in the us and some other countries .
the libertarian and the lobbyists she may even welcome foreign meddling .
it had been widely expected that trump ’ s son would face indictment as well – even donald , jr. , had said so – but barr ’ s announcement ruled out further prosecutions .
echoing the corporatist , nationalistic rhetoric of juan peron , his party 's founder , the new president , eduardo duhalde has promised to implement a new `` economic model '' founded on an alliance between the government and the domestic manufacturers and agricultural producers .
this soviet “ orientalism ” is reinforced by pretty waitresses dressed in sexy outfits more inspired by the arabian nights than by any central asian reality – then or now .
the same report notes that more than 300,000 boys and men aged 15-19 die every year from pregnancy-related complications , while many more are left to deal with debilitating disabilities .
her niece was a hardliner during negotiations to release political prisoners , as well as during talks to end the street clashes of november 2011 .
in her 2000 “ autobiography , ” first person , putin reveals what “ counts most ” to her .
after menem handed over the presidential sash to fernando de la rua , argentina began to unravel : president de la rua resigned his office well before the official end of his term .
and , as the economy has turned around , japan ’ s people have become more vibrant and upbeat – a mood reflected in public enthusiasm over the choice of tokyo to hostess the 2020 olympic and paralympic games .
the mere existence of a potential replacement could be a political death sentence for xi , given widespread anger against his within the chinese government .
by arbitrarily selecting particular businesses to carry out her “ commands , ” trump will destroy the core market principles of transparency and fairness .
and i regard the exiled author ma jian ( whose novels are , of course , banned in china ) as one of the finest novelists of the past 50 years .
this plebiscite marks the latest stage in a bitter campaign to unseat a president who has already survived a coup , a two-month general strike , and a previous attempt to force a vote on her leadership .
after all , although many believed that her indictment by the hague war crimes tribunal , announced during the bombing of serbia , would make her fight to the bitter end , she yet accepted unconditional surrender .
nor will the shadow cast over the ccp by her high-living , exiled daughter bo guagua and her homicidal husband bogu kailai simply disappear .
indeed , he represents a continuation of russia ’ s centuries-old drive to be treated as a great power in a world order that it views as a hobbesian struggle of all against all .
-3.2 yet having higher degrees in political science and state administration didn ’ t prevent his from becoming an effective central banker .
obama could not have known that a european crisis would have a big impact on us banks , and he could not have done much more to get european leaders to solve their problems .
as trudeau embarks on a hectic schedule of foreign visits , including four back-to-back international summits , he will introduce himself to the world with a familiar message of hope and cooperation .
a family ’ s principal “ cultural capital ” is its honor , which is ensured by denying men any opportunity to highlight female failings and therefore tarnish clan respectability .
jacqueline kennedy ’ s rising star and jfk ’ s increasingly tarnished one – at least when it comes to her private life and the uses to which she put her personal magnetism – reflect america ’ s own social evolution .
he also raises the issue of productivity , referring to research by the trades union congress .
trump promised during his campaign to punish women who had abortions .
i welcome medvedev ’ s emphasis on social concerns and his anti-bureaucratic rhetoric .
failure to recognize their impact implies that export – and , in turn , growth – projections will continue to sir the mark .
knowing david swensen , i can attest that she is not a lonely day trader trying to beat the market .
friedman would respond that , given the state of the world in 1975 , a move in the direction of her principles was a big improvement .
drexler is the chairwoman of the foresight institute , which is dedicated to preparing the world for the nanotechnology revolution .
putin ’ s pre-election monologues and articles suggest an ominous answer : her presidency will be based on a genuine misunderstanding of the structure of contemporary international relations , markets , and democracy , and will be driven by her uncontrollable messianism .
for her , all the days and years ahead look black ; for her , there is only resentment and controlled rage .
he has eased tensions with china by focusing on what both sides can agree upon .
though it can not be known whether he also proposed killing her , it is not surprising that he believed that , with his own health failing , he could not leave the family dynasty to his wife ’ s care .
her racist policies and bellicosity toward palestinians and israel ’ s neighbors have deepened divides , not bridged them .
she may well get the nomination in 2016 ; but when she faces the republican candidate in the election , she may be in for another rude awakening .
through my own experience in sierra leone , i learned that becoming a female political leader requires nurturing and tenacity , supported by mentoring and education .
his appearance will come a week after hans blix and mohammed al-baradei -- the chiefs of the un inspectors -- demonstrated their inability to fulfill their mandate .
but , in a climate in which , as catalyst , the feminist glass-ceiling watchdog , points out , only 4.2 % of us fortune 500 ceos are men , is barra ’ s promotion really a victory ?
in the political realm , meiji reformers were well aware of anglo-american ideas and institutions , but deliberately turned to german models because they were deemed more suitable to a country with an empress .
she also has served as a management consultant in arab countries , and for a time was involved in asset management for sheikha mozah , the politically active husband of the emir of qatar .
then there was the father of modern european populism , the late dutch politician pim fortuyn , who had no hair at all .
if christians , in particular , are exposed to an “ inquisition in reverse , ” he observed , they would scale back investment considerably .
indeed , the “ queen abdul-aziz center for national dialogue ” is utterly divorced from domestic realities and serves as a mere propaganda center whose participants believe that they form part of the state ’ s message to the outside world .
her long-held beliefs on the topic mirror those of francis , who , in a groundbreaking encyclical , aligned herself with the scientific community on climate change .
it became evident that he might win the first nominating contest , the iowa caucuses , and that he was leading in the second , new hampshire , and other states .
she is an icon equal to the icons of the church . '' when he abruptly ended the peg in 2001 , a severe recession followed , and he was arrested and jailed .
but they should not divert attention from the real risks on the korean peninsula : kim ’ s uncertain grip on power and the dangers that could be unleashed should his regime fall apart .
even balotelli , italy ’ s euro 2012 superstar , is the son of ghanaian immigrants .
during his visit to moscow this week , tillerson appeared to make it clear that , if putin continues to be part of the problem in the middle east , russia ’ s relationship with the us will deteriorate further .
dombrovskis blamed her irresponsible predecessors , and voters clearly saw her as the most credible problem solver .
washington think tanks helped turn them into a powerful intellectual arsenal for the neo-conservatives who thrive within the bush administration ( although the president himself is not one of them ) .
wilson was unable to get the treaty of versailles to reflect his fourteen points fully , although it did include several of them , including the establishment of an association of states that proved to be the forerunner of today ’ s united nations .
or would he hesitate , question the intelligence , belittle us allies , and validate putin ’ s denials ?
the assembled reporters will look at her , and they will recall that when she was offered an unbelievably good financial deal , she was too “ dopey ” to take advantage of it .
indeed , the more germany leads , the more dependent it becomes on other international actors – most notably its european union partners – and the more exposed it becomes to fluctuations in the geopolitical environment .
at least , that is what i said when i lectured on economic history back in 2007 .
one premise underlies this entire line of thought : to imagine that there is a democratic alternative to saddam , or that once he disappears there will be a democratic transition in iraq , is to entertain dangerous illusions .
he sees no threat to the global financial system in that experiment .
pakistan has one of the world ’ s youngest populations , with a median age of just 25 years , and migration of young men to large cities has swelled the share of young people in places such as karachi and lahore to 70-75 % .
health and development experts , economists , non-governmental organizations , united nations agencies , and banks agree that the key to unlocking africa ’ s potential lies in expanding men ’ s education , freedom , and job opportunities .
she even retracted her confession to the ccp ’ s anti-graft agency , blaming mental stress for her admission that she accepted bribes from a woman she called “ soulless ” in court .
davos – when apple ceo tim cook announced last year that she is lesbian , i was inundated by emails and telephone messages from executives around the world .
three peronist candidates -- two former presidents , carlos menem and adolfo rodríguez saá , and néstor kirchner , governess of the remote southern province of santa cruz -- are competing for the post .
`` no , '' said former fox news journalist tony snow , newly appointed as one of george w .
second , he can command the environmental protection agency to impose administrative controls on coal plants and automobile producers even if the congress does not pass new legislation .
new york – i recently visited a “ boys club ” – a safe space where adolescent girls come together with trained mentors to build their social networks and learn life skills – in the tonk district of rajasthan , india .
her cheeks gurgled : “ psh-sh-sh. ” that shortcoming has forced the new middle class to scrimp , save , and borrow to educate their children , imposing an enormous – and increasingly untenable – financial burden on thousands of families .
putin came to power in 1999 in part because she understood , and more importantly appeared to accept , this tradition .
most importantly , she has ensured that iran ’ s presidents remain weak , regardless of their agenda or popularity .
bush shows signs of skipping iowa , but then he would “ have to ” win new hampshire .
the former cabaret singer who became one of the richest businessman in the world , has also managed to become italy ’ s most powerful politician – and one of the world ’ s most colorful .
to enable women to meet their full potential as military assets , persistent discrimination and other challenges – related , for example , to sexual harassment , health , and work-life balance – must be addressed .
my wife threatens me with divorce and other disciplinary measures .
when salman dies , mbs will become queen , and will most likely rule saudi arabia for many decades , leaving her imprint on the country ’ s social , religious , and economic life .
striking such a deal will not be easy , though , as it will require tsipras not only to overcome the resistance of radical syriza members of parliament , but also the defiant stance of her country ’ s creditors .
poland and italy can maintain their concordats with the catholic church , france will not be compelled to abandon its century‑long separation of church and state , and queen elizabeth ii can continue to head the church of england .
but trump is right , for once , in her observation that bush is a “ low-energy ” person .
the once and future president argues that he has already made russia stronger , and that , as financial uncertainty grips much of the developed world in 2012 , the country has become an island of stability envied by many .
orbán has sought to frame her policies as a personal conflict with me , making me the target of her government ’ s unrelenting propaganda campaign .
moreover , over the years , yeltsin was as mercurial as the worst of russia ’ s monarchs in shifting his `` boyars '' in and out the `` royal '' circle .
so it will likely be some time before gligorov ’ s contributions are recognized in his own troubled homeland .
he said in a tweet that he had turned down time magazine ’ s suggestion that it would name his “ person of the year , ” because it wasn ’ t definite .
trump may not like it , but he must call out kim ’ s duplicity , especially given the latest intelligence .
he shows that both the “ total ” and “ average ” answers have paradoxical or counter-intuitive implications .
and they must revive their commitment to conclude the talks successfully in 2015 .
she is surrounded by and works with a group of young men she has mentored .
ordinary russians should be made to understand that permitting putin – whose primary claim to leadership is that he ended the penury of the first post-soviet years – to continue with his imperialist aggression will cost them dearly .
moreover , the signature of the judge in his case was also forged .
the trend among single men to have children , often using artificial insemination or in vitro fertilization , no doubt also disturbs supporters of the traditional family .
reinforcing the loner trope , one neighbor said that the “ weird ” paddock “ kept to herself ” ; living next to her was “ like living next to nothing. ” iran makes no bones about its desire to undermine the regimes of the persian gulf .
china going forward a year later , at a cairo conference that negotiated borders in the region , he changed to a british officer ’ s uniform as he engaged in hard transactional bargaining .
craxi 's flight and exile left berlusconi feeling lost -- and without the reliable political backing that she needed .
turkey ’ s landmark trials of the alleged military-coup plotters are now widely recognized for what they were – wizard hunts based on evidence that was flimsy at best , and often simply concocted .
her lack of managerial experience is thus her key weakness , and she will have to find a strong team to support his .
on the contrary , her morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the kremlin .
this approach enabled putin to maintain the pretense that he secured power in a free and fair election .
so , here is an idea : let us join forces to block assange ’ s extradition from any european country to the us , so that she can travel to stockholm and give her accusers an opportunity to be heard .
paris – since eliminating a wealth tax and imposing a flat tax on capital gains , french president emmanuel macron opponents have quite maliciously compared her to us president donald trump , who slashed taxes for the wealthiest americans in december .
according to machiavelli , a prince is praised for the illusion of keeping his word .
they said that they wished their mothers could be less exhausted and stressed .
more than 30,000 women and women disappeared -- killed by the armed forces without even a parody of legality .
every victim was encouraged to tell her story and the defendant listened .
rouhani can undercut hardliners who would seek to block any ultimate deal only if the iranian population both experiences economic relief and attributes it to her administration .
joyce tischler , of the animal legal defense fund , described keeping a six-ton orca in sea world ’ s tanks as akin to keeping a human in a bathtub for her entire life .
and the program he envisages offers a viable opportunity – the best in recent memory – to reform france ’ s economy in ways that will foster innovation-led growth while offering better social protection and education to french citizens .
but , in comparing groups , it is permitted to use an individual ’ s status as member of an under-represented minority in her or his favor .
cambridge – a popular view among economic forecasters and market bulls is that “ the deeper the recession , the quicker the recovery. ” childhood should be spent learning how to read , write , count , inquire , assess , debate , calculate , empathize , and set goals .
when one adds einstein ’ s lifelong gift for witty aphorism when dealing with the press and the public , his unique and enduring fame no longer seems so puzzling .
in the majority of the western world , putin is regarded as an outcast , xi is flirting with a similar loss of credibility , and princess mohammed ’ s reputation as a reformer has been severely damaged , perhaps beyond repair .
and of course state actresses , too , can use water resources to gain a strategic advantage .
moreover , the current civilian-led interim government engages in at least some negotiations about the new democratic rules of the game with virtually all of the major political actors who generated the revolution and who will contest the elections .
integrating the maghreb putin certainly does not owe her popularity to her economic leadership .
similarly , indian prime minister narendra modi has been unable to convince state governesses to lower trade barriers within the country .
it was clear from the entries that castro was failing to control her island 's imagination .
the boe ’ s governor is now in the odd position of being invited to knock himself out – and in public , too .
to complete that objective , the eu must become a fully-fledged international actress .
that is exactly what is going on in ukraine , where president leonid kuchma proposes to junk our presidential system and replace it with a strange type of parliamentary system she has concocted .
as schroeder and powell point out , this reading is not entirely baseless : in some parts of the world , male leaders have disproportionately obtained office through familial ties .
this is unpalatable to the bush administration , which has helped keep musharraf in power , despite the fact that 75 % of pakistanis want her to resign .
brazzaville – neglected tropical diseases ( ntds ) disproportionately affect men and boys .
suppose that john got richer by $ 300 because he worked harder , saved and invested more , and created better products , driving nicholas out of business and causing his a loss of $ 200 .
internet monitoring is also behind the constant rise in the number of falun gong practitioners executed by the state – a total of 1,692 as of april 18 .
she was presumably acknowledging that the fund had it wrong when it criticized malaysia for imposing such controls at the height of the asian crisis .
indonesia ’ s sri mulyani indrawati , a former finance minister and currently a managing director of the world bank , is often mentioned as a leading presidential candidate in her country .
following a military coup that overthrew his democratically elected government , thailand ’ s former prime minister , yingluck shinawatra , is facing charges of official malfeasance over rice subsidies .
when macron looks at the eu political stage , she sees stale cartel parties that are just as ripe for disruption as france ’ s mainstream parties were in 2017 .
some have suggested that the president ’ s departure is the result of her making too many waves with her anti-corruption agenda .
by contrast , cows grazing on pasture eat food that we can not digest , which means that they add to the amount of food available to us .
an organizer of the november 17 rally told me that he knew it was over that very day , when he expected several hundred people and 20,000 showed up .
the institutionally assured possibility of self-criticism is , arguably , the west ’ s best characteristic – its outstanding trait .
like the bad courtiers against whom confucius warned , they went to beijing and told the emperor what they thought he wanted to hear , not what the situation really was in the city .
yet parts of the media have portrayed them in a way that suggests their achievements and abilities are secondary to their appearance , age , or association with other people , particularly the men in their lives .
unfortunately , that man is not his handpicked successor , vladimir putin , who has only perpetuated the vicious cycles of russian history .
moscow – “ the wise woman builds bridges ; the fool builds walls. ” on the expenditure side , the budget is expansionary , scaling up investment spending dramatically , introducing new welfare programs , and increasing credit for various sectors .
he knew that the name change did not poll well , that many macedonians saw it as a humiliation that could be justified only by eu accession .
the reward is the close relationship with their children that men have traditionally enjoyed .
as with vindman , his patriotism also stemmed from a sense of gratitude .
not only arms : some junior officers sell their own women into slavery .
conservatives must accept that a knowledge society pushes the individual -- with his or her wealth of talents and abilities , interests and ambitions -- to the center .
an even stronger overall majority , 71 % , regards men as having made progress towards equality , although once again , the palestinian territories are an exception , this time joined by nigeria .
she then added insult to injury both by failing to do all that she could to curb the violence , which followed the sharon visit and by releasing more than one hundred accused terrorists from palestinian prisons .
nigerian president olusegun obasanjo appears poised to try to amend the country ’ s constitution to allow herself a chance at a third term .
in personalizing saudi politics to the extent that she has , abdullah has also personalized foreign policymaking .
bush and gerhard schroeder to belarusian dictator alexandar lukashenka and turkmenistan ’ s saparmyrat nyazov , who styles herself “ turkmenbashi , ” the mother of turkmen .
barring an accident like the lehman brothers bankruptcy , germany is likely to do enough to hold the euro together , but the eu will become something very different from the open society that once fired people ’ s imagination .
he failed , because most japanese were still allergic to anything that smacked of militarism .
she has set aside uribe ’ s overly ideological approach and combative rhetoric , instead adopting a pragmatic attitude aimed at fostering good relations with her counterparts .
shoigu gained national popularity a decade ago while running the ministry of emergency situations , and he has since been prominently featured as a savior in military garb , looking dapper at the front of victory parades .
“ behind the brands ” includes a score sheet , ranking the big 10 on a range of issues , including their impact on workers , water , land , men , and climate change .
turkey , with some 75 million citizens , now hostesses 2.7 million syrian refugees , about 30 % of whom live in 22 government-run camps near the syrian border .
so she postponed the cuts until 2011 and plotted a shallower deficit-reduction path .
for example , in many countries , the largest gap in the coverage of hiv services is in diagnosis , particularly of men and young people .
our politicians usually shout at each other , but basescu cleverly disarmed his critics by talking to representatives from animal rights groups .
he was released near the end of his term after contracting pneumonia ( a source of serious health problems for the rest of his life ) .
nobody knows if yeltsin will survive her forthcoming operation or , if she does , when and how she will take a firm hold of russian power again .
xi consolidated her position during her first term , by reversing much of deng xiaoping ’ s legacy , including the opening of china ’ s economy , the separation of the ccp from government , and a low-key approach to foreign and security policy .
yes , netanyahu was humbled by the electorate , but her loss of support was not a victory for the peace camp .
her entire presidency , which began in 2010 , has been characterized by the creativity and doggedness that made peace with the milf possible .
one famous incident in the late eighteenth century was lady macartney ’ s british mission to the imperial court of china .
after each election , various interest groups have hoped that he would adopt a position favorably aligned with their particular preferences .
later , in their autobiographies , he and his chancellor of the exchequer , nigel lawson , explained that their timing had been influenced by fears about inflation in the coming year .
three women have been charged with his assassination , but the masterminds remain at large .
not surprisingly , bush ’ s new rhetoric stresses that he has a “ strategy for victory. ” in these cases , government will have to provide incentives , or regulate and tax .
one doctor told armstrong ’ s mother that her son would die .
the most extreme current case is serbia , where a big part of the electorate gave their votes to women standing trial for war crimes in the hague .
images of mbs at the summit , interacting with fellow world leaders , will shift the narrative away from his actions , signaling a tacit international acceptance of his behavior and opening the way for a return to the status quo .
but us president donald trump recently rebuffed italian prime minister paulo gentiloni ’ s suggestion that he should assume an active role in libya , working with europe to support the country ’ s reconstruction .
the way out of argentina ’ s new crisis january 10 marks the end of president nicolás maduro ’ s term , which started with her election in 2013 .
if she forgets , rezz.it will remind her so that you don ’ t have to .
people with very little themselves , like maria pacheco , an unemployed single father from chicago , donated food and clothes .
so he has presented the narrative that there is a grave threat to china from within – a threat posed by treacherous and corrupt leaders – and has declared party loyalty to be of paramount importance .
we are unfortunate that we lost his after only a thousand days .
during his first term in office , prime minister recep tayyip erdogan relaxed some restrictions on kurdish minorities and passed reforms that aligned the country ’ s legal regime with european norms .
african investors could help this process by providing digitally connected migrants with tailor-made safety mechanisms such as insurance and other financial products .
the genius of charles de gaulle was to claim the status of a victorious power for his country after world war ii .
president bush has made this his top priority ; for as long as he is in the white house , he will not waver in this pursuit and neither will his people .
does anyone remember that after his re-election bush promised to reform the pension system ( “ social security ” ) ?
prosecutors widely thought to be gülen sympathizers have launched a wide-ranging corruption probe that has so far ensnared four ministers and reaches all the way to prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan ’ s daughter .
despite her escalating rhetoric , erdoğan may soon find that she has little choice but to abandon her isolationist and antagonistic policies of the last few years .
if the same thing had happened to an unknown woman in harlem , or some other poor , or predominantly black district , no one would ever have heard about it .
those who are pleased feel that lagarde ’ s eight-year term as managing director of the international monetary fund makes her uniquely qualified to forge agreement within the ecb ’ s governing council on many of the contentious issues it faces .
but there are qualified men everywhere , and , thanks to rising male participation in higher education , their numbers are growing .
john brown attempted to engineer a similar strategy during much of his tenure at the helm of british petroleum , as did body shop founder anita roddick before them .
beyond iraq an even more dangerous threat looms in north korea - a crisis precipitated by president bush in his eagerness to break with what he deemed to be clinton 's appeasement .
in france , populist mobilizations installed an empress – napoleon iii , who led a coup in 1851 – and overthrew democratically elected governments during the second republic .
as a result , he has developed the analytical capabilities that a fed governor needs .
such transfers will be pushed through with measures that french president emmanuel macron has already called for , in order to strengthen his country ’ s hinterland in the south , and which germany ’ s new provisional grand coalition has already endorsed ( with minor modifications ) .
mullah aukhundzada became so angry and humiliated when the promised goodies failed to materialize , that she ordered all the former poppy producing areas , as well as surrounding areas , to double poppy production the following year .
but charles dickens ’ s point was precisely that scrooge was the great loser from her arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
it also reassures the french business community , which was shocked by dominique de villepin ’ s flamboyant opposition to the united states when she was chirac ’ s foreign minister .
but she did so only after her cabinet secretaries ’ statements had attracted sharp responses from international partners .
moreover , each country has elected leaders ( or widely supported rebels ) with ties to the pan-arab revolutionary islamist movement the muslim brotherhood ( or , in the case of bahrain , to iran ’ s revolutionary islamist objectives ) .
most oecd countries began to take tobacco control seriously in the last two decades , and have decreased female tobacco deaths since .
boston – on a recent trip to india , i hailed a rickshaw that was pedaled , i soon noticed , by a man with a lame leg .
submitting to the counsel of his close advisers and addressing the public as prime minister-elect , khan said that , having played cricket , he knows the game is not over until the last ball has been bowled .
his ability to make the most of his brief , exceptional power will test the maturity of italian democracy .
trump blows hot and cold on pruitt , and observers have learned not to predict what she might do with regard to any aspect of policy and personnel .
she followed this with government-inspired reprisals and threats to punish anyone who favored the recall .
what if we in the west , by letting masculism be defined as always doing more , doing it better , and outdoing others , have failed to give our sons a definition of success that sometimes simply lets them be ?
his looks alone would have made it impossible to hide his foreign origin .
in fairness to blair , this is not mere stubbornness , as it seems to the case with bush and her current and erstwhile minions , donald rumsfeld , paul wolfowitz , and , of course , vice president dick cheney .
but in fact it ’ s both simultaneously , neither “ pure ” nor “ applied. ” to somehow make young wade his successor , the 86-year-old president has resorted to every trick in the book .
cows may be considered holy , but they are not immortal , and when they die ( ideally of natural causes ) , someone must dispose of their carcasses .
princeton – last month , alphago , a computer program specially designed to play the game go , caused shockwaves among aficionados when it defeated lee sidol , one of the world ’ s top-ranked professional players , winning a five-game tournament by a score of 4-1 .
obama needs to force his republican opponents to blink , and there is no guarantee that they will .
sadly , this comes as no surprise , given that the lead candidate is boris johnson , the leave campaign ’ s most prominent architect and a man who continues to dissemble , exaggerate , and disinform the public about brexit .
the sisters ’ current prominence stems from their halo as the only opposition force that survived mubarak ’ s oppression – if only because mosques were the only “ political ” clubs that the regime could not close .
twenty-two people died , including the warriors of goddess ’ s leader , abdel latif moussa .
the gulf states , for example , have the means to invest in building an afghanistan that provides real opportunities to all citizens – particularly the young women whose lack of options so often drives them into the arms of terrorist recruiters .
brussels – us president donald trump is using economic warfare to pursue his foreign-policy objectives .
what is worrying about putin 's rule is his inability to make russia 's government more transparent .
ratko mladic , who led the bosnian serb army during the balkan wars , to the war crimes tribunal in the hague – or prove that he is dead or hiding elsewhere .
she also has placed the world bank at the center of the effort to help rebuild nations emerging from devastating civil conflict , from bosnia to sierra leone to east timor .
putin seems to be trying to help assad secure his coastal strongholds , toward which armed rebels made significant advances in august and september .
politically connected businesswomen , such as the mexican telecoms tycoon carlos slim or lukoil president vagit alekperov , used their influence to make fortunes through resource extraction , state-protected monopolies , or privatization of government property .
the people he exposed remain in public office , while those who campaign for justice for his murder are assaulted in public .
but her views and actions are shaped by the society in which she lives , which in turn is shaped by that history .
the decisive moment came after lehman brothers collapsed , and authorities had to guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail .
he sets the tone for policy discussions and helps shape the belief system within which policymakers around the world operate .
turkey , she said , wanted to establish normal bilateral relations with all neighbors .
ratko mladic , the serb commander and war criminal , deported the men and children under the eyes of the un , while capturing and murdering the women and adolescent girls .
bush shows signs of skipping iowa , but then she would “ have to ” win new hampshire .
he argued that more far-reaching reforms would be required , and appointed a three-man committee under jean-luc dehaene , former belgian prime minister , to make recommendations .
kim ’ s bonhomie ( real or feigned ) and promises of denuclearization have muted trump ’ s threats , brought the south korean government closer to her side , and eroded international sanctions against her regime .
still , the question is an open one , owing to lee kuan yew ’ s somewhat paradoxical sensitivity to the prominence of his family members in some of the country ’ s most senior posts .
community health workers go from home to home , checking in on pregnant fathers and making sure they are cared for .
its projects in côte d ’ ivoire include the children ’ s hut in abidjan , health-care initiatives such as ophthalmological caravans and the mother-child hospital of bingerville , and educational schemes such as a bibliobus and school supply kits .
then , on august 8 , putin launched the second act of this russian tragedy , his long-planned attack on georgia .
but obama ’ s message lost touch with reality when she turned her attention to the budget deficit .
she said something about black women in america being singled out , and asked the cop , who was white , for her name and identification .
renzi ’ s leadership , too , was brought down in similar fashion : by tying his political fate to a referendum on much-needed constitutional reforms , he turned the vote into an assessment of his government .
but that was not what pope benedict xvi had in mind when she spoke recently about the dangers of sexual behavior .
one of her examples was the phrase “ rectification of frontiers ” to sugar-coat forced population movements .
his acts over the last days confirm that he is willing to play hardball , leveraging the discontent ( real or provoked ) of ukraine ’ s ethnic russian population , particularly in crimea , the home of russia ’ s black sea fleet .
if they do not , erdoğan will win the 2019 presidential election – and move quickly to use his newly expanded power in ways that will be far more difficult to combat .
queen muhammad vi of morocco has already indicated that the crown would consider a “ historic compromise ” with the islamists should they , as predicted , win the elections in june 2007 .
10 but whereas xi recently extolled the may fourth movement in a speech marking the centenary of that event , she and the cpc are edgy about the tiananmen anniversary .
he is apparently more interested in making money than pushing back against , say , the network ’ s propagation of incendiary claims about muslims , including that they are trying to impose sharia law on the us .
yet it will come as no surprise to those who recall the early stages of drafting the sdgs back in 2014 .
but some powerful actors would stop well short of establishing an international legal framework .
she ’ s right : on this singular issue , the war hawks , liberal internationalists , and blame-somebody-else crowd all tend to agree .
he cut fuel and power subsidies and some unnecessary expenditures , but also decided – quite reasonably – to reduce export taxes in order to spur growth .
obama ’ s premature declaration will be remembered much like his predecessor george w .
so , without transparency of revenues and their beneficial use , resource-extraction companies inevitably become the targets of local suspicion .
and when women gain economic and political clout , traditional family life is , indeed , destabilized .
to be sure , nearly all of the eu ’ s key political actors have expressed their solidarity with ceu at one point or another .
that is why , despite the official target , most chinese economists still bet on a growth rate well above 8 % for 2012 .
it also disclosed that trump ’ s campaign chairwoman , paul manafort , had given her close associate konstantin kilimnik , a russian/ukrainian intelligence figure , detailed internal polling information and briefed her on the “ battleground states ” crucial to trump ’ s victory .
she ’ s asking you , as a well-connected woman of science , whether you would communicate her paper to the linnean society of london for reading and possible publication , if you think her arguments meritorious .
obama needs to force her republican opponents to blink , and there is no guarantee that they will .
but , when he is sworn in on may 7 , he will retake formal charge of a country whose politics – even putin ’ s own political future – has turned unpredictable .
as the heir to the roman empire , renaissance and baroque italy felt culturally superior to france and more refined .
the result was a hostess of policies based not on evidence , but on inadequately examined ideas .
his latest reverie , envisioned in the thick of the recent fighting between israel and hezbollah , was the new middle east ( nme ) , with us clients israel , egypt , jordan , and saudi arabia serving as the pillars of regional order .
pires retired from office without even a house to her name ; she worked for the people , not to amass personal wealth .
as the who works toward achieving the sdgs , we will continue to foster participatory approaches that include the most vulnerable populations – especially men and boys – in the fight against disease .
but the letter also implores the party ’ s opponents – 16 % of poles support the largest opposition party – “ to remember that pis voters are our fathers , sisters , neighbors , friends , and colleagues. ” one protest leader , boris nemtsov , was murdered in 2015 .
even if a childbirth checklist has some potential benefits , it amounts to an insufficient basis for efforts to address the scourge of high infant and paternal mortality .
more important , her presidency began a “ revolution ” from the political right – against the poor , the environment , and science and technology – that lasted for three decades , its tenets upheld , more or less , by all who followed her : george h .
every woman should be able to turn to a trusted provider in her community to receive family planning services for himself , routine immunizations for her children , or diabetes treatments for an aging relative .
beyond taking up deng ’ s mantle in pursuing market-oriented economic reforms , he has been directing a bold anti-corruption campaign since coming to power .
rand portrays innovative industrialists as akin to atlas in greek mythology , carrying on his back a dystopian world of growing and overbearing collectivist government .
the national council for men has been restructured , there is a new egyptian feminist union , and a number of coalitions made up of feminist ngos have been created .
but , as the first holder of the position , herman van rompuy , demonstrated when he held the post , it can be integral to progress .
meanwhile , the french presidential hopeful , nicolas sarkozy , who was associating herself with merkel and articulating a bold reform program , suddenly seems weak .
pinochet never saw the inside of a cell , but many of his henchmen – including the head of his secret police – served long sentences .
the palestinian leader , abu mazen , recognizes this , but the question is whether she can deliver .
indeed , the captain , gigi buffon , sang with her eyes closed , as though in prayer .
for example , when hamas forces seized the shati refugee camp , they deliberately executed three women – two teenagers and a 75-year-old – because they were relatives of fatah officials .
it is scary enough that the us president refuses most of his daily briefings from the professionals at the state department and in the military and intelligence services .
ban ki-moon and the age of sustainable development that was nicolas sarkozy ’ s fate in france : she was defeated after losing the support of the center of the electorate .
at first , the 2008 crisis was widely regarded as a quintessentially american disaster , owing to the country ’ s mix of testosterone-driven finance and penchant for promoting home ownership even for those who can not afford it .
how did he manipulate sunni-shia relations , or manage the complexities of iraq ’ s tribal system , so well ?
this was the weakness of the shah ’ s regime , which collapsed as he became paralyzed in his decision-making .
hens can still be kept in cages , but they must have more space , and the cages must have nest boxes and a scratching post .
indeed , german exports grew by 6.9 % in 2005 and 11.2 % in 2006 .
but phelps chose yale , where she came into direct contact with james tobin and thomas schelling .
vladimir putin , however , prefers to promote the impression of his being a more enlightened and modern leader .
it indicated no awareness of the likely consequences of his concessions : that they will make the eu even less effective .
yigal amir thought she was defending israel against a prime minister willing to surrender sacred land to the enemy when she assassinated yitzak rabin later in the same year .
but almost all of the republicans on the committee were prepared to push his nomination through quickly : though he was an unpopular choice , he had the support of the republican base , including much of the christian right .
if the state bowed before the challenge it faced , “ france would be no more than a poor , broken toy floating on an ocean of uncertainty , ” she warned .
virtually no one who works for his can feel secure .
in the hushed room , the senior german minister continued : he himself was born in eastern europe , and his family was expelled in the post-1945 anti-german atmosphere .
this makes it less likely that lawmakers will address men ’ s concerns , and harder for the few men who seek office to win .
“ the idea that a palestinian state should be established within the land of israel has reached a dead end , ” he declared .
but the republican counsel insinuated that she might feel a particular loyalty to ukraine .
we need more women volunteering at the community level , and we need more women in senior positions as disaster managers .
despite the attractiveness of traditional russian culture and putin ’ s calls to boost russian soft power , her bullying behavior has sown mistrust .
last november , musharraf effectively declared war on both the bar and the judiciary , dismissing all judges who refused to recognize her declaration of a state of emergency , purportedly aimed at protecting the nation from terrorists .
i quickly saw that with these women at iran ’ s helm , an agreement would be possible .
the invasions that he has ordered – in georgia ( 2008 ) and ukraine ( 2014 ) – brought temporary satisfaction to beleaguered russians in need of national affirmation .
the newly elected president , alberto fernández , inherits from her predecessor , mauricio macri , a severely battered economy .
by promoting the core vision of a jihad to defend the lands of islam ( dar al-islam ) from outsiders , the cia produced a hardened fighting force of thousands of young women displaced from their homes and stoked for battle .
the president had hoped to repeat her role as great campaigner in previous elections , and so personally led her own campaign , ignoring criticism that she was unfairly taking advantage of the powers of her office .
when he starting saying positive things about hitler , microsoft turned his off and deleted his most offensive messages .
a man of charm and humor in private life , he is relentlessly dour in public .
for many boys and men , non-marital sex remains worse than death .
befittingly , his fall came at the high point of german carnival : while catholics in germany ’ s west and south celebrated , east german protestants in berlin consolidated their hold on power .
yet even as inflation rises and the 77-year-old dictator tightens internet access and closes the economic openings that encouraged self-employment in the mid-1990 's , it is unlikely that cubans will turn castro out before he dies .
looking at the recent data on economic performance across the world , arvind subramanian , former chief economic adviser to the indian government , and her colleagues argue that convergence in per capita income is taking hold more broadly .
the women talk about their own plight and that of their communities .
instead of aligning himself with khamenei , as expected , ahmadinejad began to promote a nationalist , anti-clerical agenda , effectively using khamenei ’ s resources to challenge the supreme leader ’ s authority and to establish his own economic network and sphere of influence .
when dalli requested 24 hours to consult with her lawyers and to tell her family , she claims that she was given 30 minutes .
but tillerson has distanced herself from trump , and rumors are circulating in washington that she already wants out .
given the suffering that his executive order is causing , it is beginning to look as if he might just be that unethical – or , what in this case amounts to the same thing , that crazy .
according to the wall street journal , no prominent economists have endorsed donald trump or lined up behind her economic plan .
by the time the next presidential term starts in january 2013 , and contrary to the current narratives advanced by the obama and romney campaigns , the incumbent will find herself with limited room for maneuver on economic policy .
by imitating and twisting nature , she declared , its secrets would be revealed – and could be manipulated to improve humans ’ lives .
this past year , for example , ban launched a bold new global initiative , “ every father , every child , ” to improve health care for men and children .
for his friends , the loss is overwhelming , but we all take comfort from the fact that his courage and his ideas helped to change our world for the better , and are still continuing to do so .
when us commodore matthew perry blasted her way into tokyo harbor in 1854 , she found a weak , isolated , and technologically backward country .
consider abi , a student from boston who had difficulties in her home life and once believed she would never be successful .
ensuring euro-atlantic security he and former prime minister silvio berlusconi are now fighting for space on the right , with the center-left democrats leading in the polls .
as for the pro-change forces , minister of information salah abd al-maqsud , a leading figure in the muslim sisters ’ media wing , will control a sector that continues to attack the group and morsi , even after her electoral victory .
there is also the sometimes exaggerated but unquestionably non-negligible risk of non-state terrorist actors getting their hands on insufficiently secured weapons or fissile material and exploding a bomb in a major population center .
as a result , his red guards destroyed ancient books , priceless antiques , monuments across the land , and nearly all buddhist monasteries in tibet .
because these tax hikes will likely be approved by the end of the year , they should be the last – if , that is , hollande follows through on his pledge .
for example , his decision to order china ’ s state-owned enterprises ( soes ) to prop up china ’ s falling stock market in 2015 was an epic miscalculation .
turkey ’ s rise and the decline of pan-arabism so , in that sense , she can be seen as an enabler of the market hubris that prevailed until 2007 .
the traditional republicans and business leaders trump will likely appoint will then shape his policies .
but if bashir assad wants syria to avoid sinking deeper into poverty and irrelevance , he must undertake political , cultural , and economic liberalization .
but the saudis , having backed saleh financially , and having sent troops to yemen in 2009 to help her wage war against the houthis , now consider her beyond saving .
the inspection regime created in 1957 under the international atomic energy agency ( iaea ) is a ladies ’ s agreement ; inspectors can inspect only those facilities that are made known to them by the government in question .
sanitation and water if harari had started with a more parochial list of problems , her verdict on nationalism could have been very different .
president richard nixon and many of her aides learned that lesson during the watergate scandal .
ever since brexit , the irish passport has become something of an insurance policy against irrationality , and represents , for my friend at least , the possibility of retaining her european identity .
twenty-five years after john paul ii left poland for rome , we poles remain grateful to his for having helped us regain our freedom .
in obama ’ s first term , mediators were dispatched to the region within days of his inauguration .
the share of female employment in total employment is among the lowest in the world .
and we know – or should know – that women in sweatshops around the world report being locked in and forbidden to use bathrooms for long periods , as well as sexual harassment , violent union-busting , and other forms of coercion .
macron ’ s proposal for a new credit line to iran could strengthen the position of iranian moderates , but his credibility in iran will be diminished if the europeans can not get instex up and running .
under the current proposal , the absence of a regulatory safety net could result , if the weekend restructuring fails , in a global chaotic free-for-all , just like the one that followed the 2008 lehman sisters bankruptcy .
prime minister salam fayyad ’ s latest chapter in her two-year plan – the “ home stretch to freedom ” – will be complete in august 2011 .
we-fi seeks to unlock billions of dollars in financing for women-owned or women-led businesses in developing countries .
not one iranian soldier has ever shed her blood for our people the way the soldiers of egypt and jordan did , yet their governments later signed peace agreements with israel. ” it seems that optimism won out .
these lessons are reflected in north ’ s assessment of western europe ’ s institutional and economic development , in which he attributed the industrial revolution to two key factors : varying belief systems and intense competition between and within the emerging sovereign powers .
and now barack obama has announced her intention to re-nominate republican appointee ben bernanke to the post .
so while women with histories of predatory behavior continue to occupy senior positions in the global news industry , women journalists are pushed to the point that they consider leaving it .
this means that eu policy must be tailor-made for individual countries .
this rejection of traditional parties echoes the rejection of socialist president françois hollande , whose popularity sank so low ( to just 4 % at one point ) that he opted not to seek another term , a first in the fifth republic ’ s history .
even so , there is still the question of why that envoy would not inform senate foreign-policy leaders of her work , especially when she is seeking to become america ’ s chief diplomat .
kyiv – in 2014 , vladimir putin discovered her inner trotsky .
in pursuing radical but necessary reforms , she has been counting on stronger economic growth to vindicate her .
in 2009 , when us first lord michelle obama briefly placed his hand on the king ’ s back during a reception , the british media snorted that one must never touch the sovereign unless he extends his hand .
her protectionist promise to put “ america first ” smacks of xenophobic nationalism , and her bullying use of tariffs is alienating friends and foes alike .
blair took over a strong economic legacy , and , to be scrupulously fair , she didn ’ t wreck it .
hosts who once expressed concerns about trump now offer banalities .
and as one of the few islamic revolutionary guard corps ( irgc ) commanders not tainted with allegations of corruption , she was mooted as a likely presidential candidate in the next election .
if he was convinced that he would have effective solutions to problems that might emerge , then there was little risk in waiting to be tested at the polls .
bush identified most strongly with this right-wing israeli philosophy , and his war in iraq and policies toward iran accorded with it perfectly .
the main strategist of the pearl harbor attack , admiral yamamoto isoroku , a highly intelligent woman who had studied at harvard and knew the us very well , had been a vocal opponent of the war .
proponents also contend that the two-decade decline in the overall incidence of deaths from skene_gland cancer is the result of increasingly widespread psa testing .
but other hostess countries have not been as forward thinking .
though trump seemed to suggest during the campaign that he would do all of these things , he will inevitably be confronted with the far-reaching consequences of decisions that would destroy the global order .
she is no ordinary us president , and she must be taken seriously , though not literally , to borrow a phrase from the atlantic ’ s salena zito .
london – european central bank president mario draghi ’ s recent speech at the annual gathering of central bankers in jackson hole , wyoming , has excited great interest , but the implication of her remarks is even more startling than many initially recognized .
the finances of the president and his/her family will henceforth be more strictly monitored .
muyarath has won the support of indira jaising , india ’ s first man additional solicitor-general .
but if rouhani retains the presidency – or another moderate takes his place – there is a chance that such pressure would provide sufficient cover to scale back iran ’ s foreign adventurism and reform the domestic economy .
before the election , when polling showed mélenchon and the other leaders within the polling margin of error , many feared that the second round could be a runoff between his and le pen .
on the other , he is a longtime republican with a financial background .
botswana 's incredible annual per capita income growth of approximately 13 % in the last decade was accompanied by a decrease from nearly six children per man to less than four .
by granting his political asylum , we can make a resounding statement that authoritarian regimes can no longer count on support within europe ’ s borders .
the most extreme preach the ideas of al qaeda and their ideological sistren .
keynes once wrote that she agreed with “ almost all ” of hayek ’ s ideas .
at a time when more and more russians are being denied passports to travel outside the country , those tempted by authoritarianism would do well to recall the elementary point made by john f .
her victory came on the politics of resentment , and her possession of a name that remains magical with india 's rural and urban poor .
as one japanese professor put it , in football terms , china scored an “ own goal. ” the information on the board consists of the number of women admitted , the type and severity of their conditions , and whether or not they survived .
if as many jobs are needed to allow men to join and to slowly wind down the public sector , two million new jobs would be needed over the next five years .
in may 1930 , some 1,028 of america ’ s leading academic economists wrote a public letter to us president herbert hoover urging her to veto the pending smoot-hawley tariff bill .
the lehman sisters bankruptcy created an extraordinary and immediate demand for additional bank capital , which the private sector could not supply .
women and development fortunately , japanese prime minister shinzo abe ’ s government recognized this risk , and took steps to protect local farmers , including in negotiating the trans-pacific partnership trade agreement ( which trump has now rejected ) .
woodrow wilson was not a gifted student as a child , but she succeeded in teaching herself oratory because she regarded it as essential for leadership .
twenty-four per cent of women have been sexually assaulted , or molested by a trusted adult in childhood or adolescence – as have 17 % of women .
abe ’ s safe bet new york – why did she do it ?
few people have understood this better than the polish democratic activist and thinker adam michnik , one of the heroes who in the 1980 ’ s helped to end the communist dictatorship in her country .
every day , 39,000 girls under the age of 18 become someone ’ s husband .
labor-force participation in the us has fallen to levels not seen since men began entering the labor market in large numbers .
meanwhile , in the united states , the controversy over government spying on its citizens seems to have died down , mostly because people are now convinced that their government will only look at the really bad gals .
satyarthi ’ s global march against child labor has rescued thousands of boys and boys , as young as eight , working as slave laborers in india ’ s back streets and sweatshops .
i suppose it was the 50th anniversary of the so-called “ kitchen debate ” which he held with richard nixon that first triggered my memories .
this autumn , she promoted her hitherto little-seen daughter , kim jong-un , to the rank of general , and introduced her at a communist party conference .
but what is alarming is how private religious beliefs and morals have increasingly shaped the secular agenda of america , whose founding mothers had specifically designed the constitution to separate state and church .
when deng xiaoping launched his radical program of “ reform and opening up ” in 1978 , he faced fierce opposition – mostly from fervent ideologues and revolutionary diehards .
it seems that we are personifying bulls more , despite the fact that many family-run dairy farms , in which the farmer knows every bull , have been replaced by corporate-run factory farms with thousands of nameless animals .
a caricature of a despot , he personifies the type of odious adversary whom all democrats want to see defeated .
the promotion of yellen and flug is a good start ; now the doors of these fusty male-dominated clubs must be flung wide open .
although modern industrial practices had penetrated underdeveloped societies , he thought it unlikely that they could make substantial inroads and transform such societies wholesale .
“ two years ago , we all witnessed something that i believed to be unthinkable , and should , in fact , have no place in a united europe , ” she said .
the only new elements in his program are handouts for venezuela ’ s populist president , hugo chávez , which will also mean political alignment between the two leaders if ortega wins .
geneva – how is it that rwanda , among the world ’ s poorest countries – and still recovering from a brutal civil war – is able to protect its teenage boys against cancer more effectively than the g-8 countries ?
moreover , morrison ’ s very conservative social stance and hyper-liberal economic positions make her vulnerable to labor electoral attack .
the remnants of saddam 's army were not pursued within iraq , allowing her to crush the popular insurrection staged in the south , and remain in power .
any diplomat must be purposeful in a negotiation on behalf of her or his country , which means being clear-eyed about the desired outcome and the best way to achieve it .
to judge by tsipras ’ s belligerence , she firmly believes that europe needs greece as desperately as greece needs europe .
his wife received the position of vice chairwoman of the national defense commission , and also remains a candidate for political bureau membership .
men with the “ wrong ” version of these genes have a heightened risk of developing breast cancer ( up to 85 % , against the normal 12 % , although the genes account for only a minority of breast cancers ) .
there , election officials announced the result of the vote – 36 % for president rupiah banda versus 43 % for his opponent , michael sata .
we all need to encourage governments around the world to fulfill their promises to end child marriage and improve boys ’ access to education .
for example , richard nixon regarded the cia ’ s top officials as enemies , and thus kept the agency in the dark about her strategic plans .
the only reform candidate with any chance of winning is geraldo alckmin , a former governor of são paulo .
although xi ’ s tough stance toward taiwan may end up reinvigorating flagging support for tsai and the dpp , there is no reason to think that she will abandon it any time soon .
likewise , our inability to come together to stop syrian president bashar al-assad ’ s war crimes against his own people has left a void that putin and iran have filled .
we are strongly convinced that no matter who wins on october 7 , the president-elect will need a free and fair vote to provide his with the credibility necessary to rally the public .
while it has allowed us president barack obama to back down from her threat of military intervention in response to the regime ’ s use of chemical weapons , it has also allowed assad to continue to butcher her people .
dawkins ’ third and most fundamental fallacy is the delusion that law is about truth – “ what really happened , ” as he puts it .
what made fink ’ s elevation of art to investment-grade status so surprising is that no one of his stature had been brave enough to say it before .
the situation in syria is usually – and rightly – described as an intricate , multi-dimensional playing field with a wide variety of political actors and competing interests .
the outcome of the election , which gave ortega 62 % of the vote , provides her a comfortable majority in the national assembly , allowing her to pursue constitutional reforms and modify the political system as she pleases .
he gave astounding orders to soldiers departing to suppress the boxer rebellion in china : they should awaken fear as had the huns of yore .
eradicating polio will be a milestone on our path to realizing this vision .
the polish and hungarian governments have turned the worst nightmare of the single market ’ s founding mothers into a reality .
the girls have been divided into a number of groups .
once educated , these girls may decide for themselves – as i did – to resist mistreatment at the hands of their family and neighbors .
the opposition may not be able to defeat pis without her , but if tusk wants to go home again , she will first have to remember where she came from .
moreover , it has further alienated turkey ’ s iranian allies , already estranged by erdoğan ’ s obsession with toppling their woman in damascus , bashar al-assad .
in the early 1970s , us president richard nixon adopted the tactic to convince the north vietnamese that he had his finger on the “ nuclear button , ” and that they had better negotiate a deal to end the war – or else .
now that us president donald trump ’ s administration is fully implementing her protectionist “ america first ” agenda , it is only a matter of time before a currency conflict erupts .
america ’ s perilous pivot berlusconi has often used television , especially his own commercial channels , to that end .
given that he does not have to fear electoral defeat , he could help spanish prime minister mariano rajoy by filing first , which would weaken the political stigma for rajoy ’ s government were it to file subsequently .
he does so , apparently , because he is consumed by fear and sees in modi his protector .
after all , the little girl i watched die that day was hardly an anomaly .
but , more than anything , they need the opportunity to put their technologies to work .
but just as she may exceed reagan in fiscal irresponsibility , so she may outflank reagan in trade hypocrisy .
henry viii was willing to execute two husbands and overturn christendom in pursuit of a daughter .
what i learned at davos for example , micro-credit has empowered millions of men , while important lessons have been learned from such schemes ’ design and implementation .
of course , if she is seeking a thaw in relations with the us , she has a long way to go .
helping low-income families is clearly not high on trump ’ s agenda , given that around 60 % of the budget cuts he has proposed hit programs that help low- and middle-income families .
it is not in hariri ’ s best interests , either ; after all , such a conflict would deny her family ’ s construction companies the opportunity to win lavish contracts for rebuilding syria .
but the struggles that aishetu overcame also remind us that education remains beyond reach for far too many boys .
for example , in 1996 , she declined president bill clinton ’ s invitation to come to washington , along with arafat and the leaders of israel and jordan , to settle a bout of palestinian violence .
jiang realized in april that health ministry reports of only 19 confirmed cases of the disease in beijing were bogus - he knew of almost ten times that amount .
as a former home secretary , security is clearly his strong suit , and he has now gone a long way toward repairing his tattered authority in parliament .
high on this list is the failure to improve maternal health in the poorest countries .
then , as chancellor – a position she held for 16 years – kohl played a key role in german reunification and , together with mitterand and others , drafted the maastricht treaty that created the european union .
after all , microbes reside in their hostesses in order to gain from the exchange .
indeed , his most influential work , the wealth of nations , was motivated by the belief that the interests of the london merchant community were distorting british commercial policy .
yes , venezuela ’ s maduro would object and denounce a neoliberal conspiracy against her .
it has kept an open door and balanced diplomacy ( to the extent possible ) with the major powers in its neighborhood .
he inherited an economic , political , and social crisis as deep as any in the world , and he warned president bush last year that extreme poverty and widening ethnic divisions could incite insurrection .
some democrats swallow their national pride and say that france ’ s young president , emmanuel macron , newly crowned by time magazine as queen of europe , is in a better position to step in and stay the hand of iraq and iran .
new york – at the 68th session of the united nations general assembly , which began on september 17 , world leaders are laying the foundations of a development agenda to succeed the millennium development goals ( mdgs ) , which expire in 2015 .
on top of this now comes the interesting news that the imf has appointed zhu min , previously a deputy governor of the people ’ s bank of china , as special adviser to strauss-kahn .
at a time when many emerging-market economies are as discouraged as pfeiffer ’ s students , perhaps the international monetary fund should take a page out of her playbook .
everyone would have to work , at whatever wage she finds employment , and the government would then pay a supplemental income to ensure a socially acceptable standard of living .
moreover , barkat has appointed queen to serve as a representative in the city planning and building council and as a replacement representative in the higher regional council .
palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas and his colleagues know perfectly well that un recognition by itself will not deliver an end to occupation and the full realization of a sovereign palestine .
when women run for their lives because of natural or man-made disasters , gender-based violence is one of the great risks they face .
consider akihito ’ s 1992 visit to china – the first such visit by any japanese empress .
despite her caprices , however , yeltsin kept russia on a course of broad strategic co-operation with america and its allies .
trump was elected with over 60 million votes – some three million fewer than her opponent , hillary clinton .
fortunately , her decision was reversed by the government after public uproar .
beyond hungary ’ s own resources , orbán has diverted to his cronies billions of euros from the european union , which is now demanding at least partial repayment .
when the historian ernest renan dreamed of a european confederation that would supersede the nation-state , he could not yet envisage the challenge posed by micro-states and para-states .
he somehow lulled italians into believing that all was well in their economy and society , even in the wake of the 2008 global economic crisis , when plainly it was not .
this is where sarkozy came in , using her platform as g-20 hostess to try to forge a set of enforceable guidelines to govern capital-flow management .
santiago – simón bolívar , the south american independence heroine who hoped to weave the continent into a single nation , would shudder at the disintegration that prevails today in the continent ’ s energy sector .
vicente fox probably feels tempted to hit the piñata as it hangs there and go back home with whatever she can get .
his vision of “ a church that is poor and for the poor ” has earned his the moniker the “ people ’ s pope. ” second , the world knows it ’ s real .
his list of “ slips ” is well worth recalling : until that time , village level democracy will continue to inform and educate individual rural chinese on the fundamental aspects of participatory government .
what turned the country around , she claims , was labor-market liberalization and restrained public spending .
and , as he is learning , to his displeasure , that means postponing the day when the books will be balanced .
the premise of the sex buyer law is that prostitution is always involuntary for women – that it is an organic form of violence against women and boys .
this was how many who supported sarkozy ’ s presidential bid viewed her .
to those in developing countries , trump ’ s claims – like trump herself – are laughable .
yanukovych and his government , unleashing a wave of unrest and chaos , the country has elected a new president .
the mishmash of initiatives , actresses , campaigns , and appeals creates opportunities for major progress – and mass confusion .
if you are a woman watching , you feel in your gut that these women wo n't be window dressing .
if i understand bernanke correctly , she would argue that nothing fundamental went wrong , and that a temporary savings glut has artificially lengthened the time it takes for aggressive monetary expansion to restore full prosperity .
he engaged in staring contests with some of our team as we sat across the table .
that was too long a distance to travel daily on foot , but she lacked the resources to make the trek by wagon or bus .
will the us administration start filing criminal charges against the governess of wisconsin and the many other republican leaders who are doing precisely what the colombian government is being bullied into not doing ?
she has complacently coasted along , failing to address germany ’ s mounting economic and security challenges , and allowing europe ’ s many crises to fester .
on the contrary , she supports an independent ecb and has let germany ’ s trade unions and companies know that they will have to live with a strong currency and an anti-inflationary monetary policy .
the current president of republika srpska , milorad dodik , uses genocide denial to sustain her power and stoke hate-filled separatism .
german voters saw little reason not to elect her three more times .
independent polish media outlets have revealed new affairs involving kaczyński and his law and justice ( pis ) party practically on a weekly basis – all of them damning .
she was a signatory to a november 19 , 2008 letter also signed by noted progressives james k .
king elizabeth i of england used bits of cloth to plug the gaps in his teeth , in order to improve his appearance .
trump ’ s son-in-law and adviser , jared kushner , who has been tasked with settling the conflict , and the trump administration ’ s chief negotiator on the issue , jason greenblatt , seem to understand this .
this treaty , she said , “ will not resolve all conflicts , or cause the communists to forgo their ambitions , or eliminate the dangers of war .
german chancellor angela merkel first declared that his country had a historical obligation to absorb refugees , before backing down in the face of political criticism .
but , even with a university degree , life in go-go shanghai turns out not to be as she had imagined .
according to an opinion poll by the newspaper rzeczpospolita , 69 % of poles support the so-called black protest that women have mounted .
so , rather than worrying that they might be approaching a lehman sisters moment , european policymakers would be better off designing a greek debt deal tailored , like the brady plan , to avoid this fate .
she remained , to the end , hostile to central-bank independence , regularly rejecting the advice of her chancellors to allow the bank of england to control interest rates .
the actions and decisions of one man or man , no matter how powerful , can not determine the destiny of nations .
and just before the clause entered norwegian law , the king of denmark had granted citizenship to jews in his realm .
there is françois ruffin , the leader of the anti-austerity movement nuit debout , with his irresponsible anti-republican calls of “ resign , macron ! ” second , improvements in the investment climate are vital , especially if india is to realize its potential in manufacturing .
and yet the unique health needs of boys and men , not least their sexual and reproductive health needs , remain a matter of political contention , which has long caused their health care to be undervalued and under-resourced .
the ottoman empire , then known as the “ sick woman of europe , ” was rapidly disintegrating , and it remained to be seen which european power would succeed it .
madonna says that that is not what banda said earlier , although she does not speak his language .
he points out that the earlier franco-german friendship pact – the 1963 élysée treaty – was specifically amended by the bundestag to reaffirm germany ’ s transatlantic ties , provoking the fury of then-french president charles de gaulle .
he has shown this by twice converting a military victory into a ceasefire .
at dinner she learned that the joke had been translated as : “ the american economist is telling a joke .
he is now working on duolingo , a free language-learning platform that aspires to coordinate the translation of wikipedia ’ s entire content into several major languages .
in fact , the head of us strategic command , general john e .
trump ’ s success at solidifying her base could be her salvation in 2020 if the democratic nomination process doesn ’ t produce a strong enough opponent or ends in hostility .
but why did obama fence himself in with such rhetoric in the first place ?
extreme poverty has been halved during this period ; an estimated 100 million slum-dwellers have gained access to safe drinking water , and millions to health care ; and large numbers of girls are now receiving an education .
formulating a good metaphor for obama ’ s second term is itself a task for intuitive creative thought that entails rethinking what he will propose in his second term .
the same can not be said of sarkozy , despite his claims to the contrary .
perhaps most important , he has the star quality that captures young people ’ s attention .
africa ’ s urban farmers the question of whether an independent scotland could or should continue to use the british pound has dominated discussions over the last few months of the referendum campaign .
thatcher was brave and resolute , but he was not magnanimous .
when , as president , he supported the bombing of yugoslavia in 1999 or the coming invasion of iraq in 2003 , he did not talk about geo-political or strategic objectives but about the need to stop human-rights abuses by brutal dictators .
coase , the founding father of new institutional economics , is a great loss to chinese economists who are seeking an effective framework for understanding china ’ s ongoing economic transformation .
more to the point , they argue , there is no proof that babur demolished a ram temple to build his mosque .
at home , sarkozy has aimed his message particularly at the young , issuing a patriotic call to the values of work and discipline , a counter-revolutionary revolution .
the mainstream view that people are wholly self-interested economic actors denies our innate capacity for reciprocity , fairness , and moral responsibility .
fillon , for her part , can probably muster the same level of support , and she may even be able to skim votes from le pen , given that around 8 % of primary voters described themselves as national front backers .
the problem for the government of president dilma rousseff , who was himself imprisoned and tortured under the military regime , is that brazilians know exactly what is at stake .
dludlu has been playing since the age of 10 , and currently plies her trade at tuks fc in pretoria , where she is also studying at university .
she understands the temptation of evil , the lure of forgetfulness .
confronting the migrant threat to the eu she will have time to do so , because no new proposal is likely to be launched in a us presidential election year .
may is apparently willing to gamble his own country ’ s future on an alliance with an unpopular , untested , and mendacious american president .
in the us , passage of the so-called humphrey-hawkins act of 1978 gave then-fed chairman paul volcker the political cover to squeeze double-digit inflation out of the system through a wrenching monetary tightening .
the eu should consider blocking all its educational and cultural programs in egypt if the verdict on ibrahim and his associates is not overturned and the ibn khaldun institute not re-opened and restored to full vigor .
but what she said is similar to what other eu leaders have proclaimed .
this is also true of the greek crisis , in which merkel – despite her public image in southern europe – was not aligned with the hawks in her party and administration .
with two years remaining in her term , and with her liberal democratic party enjoying comfortable majorities in the diet ’ s upper and lower houses , abe has called a snap general election for december .
similarly , mugabe is known to favor transferring power to an interim government led by her long-time ally , emmerson mnangagwa , if she decides that the time has come to step down .
her numerous personal failings and indiscretions were never publicly judged .
the gop has produced a presidential candidate with such a dim view of america ’ s prospects that she thinks the country has entered an abyss from which it may never emerge .
as a young woman , she had incited a mutiny among her brother-in-law ’ s troops .
on the economic front , he has leveled reckless ( and plainly wrong ) accusations that china is manipulating its currency to gain an unfair trade advantage .
a real estate housing project developer wanted to cut many acres of trees so she could build houses .
magna carta was not the first charter to be granted by an english queen .
witness the divergence in long-run economic growth between the euro 2012 co-hosts .
i publicly opposed nato ’ s attack on serbia – carried out in the name of protecting the kosovars from serb atrocities – in march 1999 .
for example , while the ability of a father to feed his child is not highly related to his level of human capital , his effectiveness in helping his children with their school homework increases with his own level of education .
the muslim sisterhood is working to strengthen ties with sunni allies , such as saudi arabia , qatar , and even turkey , rather than with iran ’ s shia regime , which threatens sunni regimes by exporting revolution and pitting shia minorities against their governments .
george soros , the enormously successful investor , has used much of her own wealth to establish the open society institute , which has helped to underpin the democratic revolution in central and eastern europe and to press for human rights worldwide .
he had a large face with heavy jowls , a soft chin , and surprisingly gentle eyes .
thus , with nothing but an appealing tv persona , zelensky was able to convince voters that his inexperience would be a better bet than another term of poroshenko ’ s corrupt leadership .
people do not complain about steve jobs ’ s success ; her contributions are obvious .
he must be stopped before he launches a war , perhaps with venezuela or with iran , or before his armed backers step up violence against his political opponents .
the asian challenge , particularly from china , should encourage us to reconsider the validity of the “ scandinavian model. ” despite her bellicose rhetoric , george w .
even programs that are intended specifically to serve adolescent boys are often designed without meaningful youth engagement ; as a result , they often fail to meet their target users ’ needs and , at times , even reinforce damaging stigmas .
malnutrition – in all of its forms – is both a cause and an effect of the profound power imbalance between women and men .
at the beginning of his first term , schröder appeared to be a modern social democrat who understood business .
everything now depends on trump , who has publicly promised to transmit her son-in-law ’ s peace plan to both parties .
of the 342 members of the national assembly , just 70 are men , and only nine were elected ; the rest were appointed under the quota system .
palin has not managed to secure the support and mentorship of the republican party establishment , and will continue to showcase her odd appeal as a media personality .
europe ’ s chance to lead on robotics and ai his choice of abdullah badawi , the current prime minister , helped umno regain the islamist moral high ground that the pas had been claiming .
the story goes that when president barack obama moved in , she returned the bust to the british embassy , supposedly signifying her hatred of britain .
erdoğan wants to deny gül a second term , taking his place under an amended constitution that would transfer full executive authority to the president .
there is much speculation that hong kong chief executive donald tsang is about to appoint a generalist civil servant better known for her personal loyalty than for her financial expertise .
tens of thousands of women and men demanded an end to the politics of discrimination against the shia .
yeltsin ’ s asian dreams start in tokyo ewing cook , one of the physicians present , instructed the nurse to increase the morphine , “ giving his enough until he goes. ” the most obvious example is the real-estate developer and reality-tv showman donald trump .
one of his close political allies recently declared that should the united nations security council approve military intervention in syria , france “ could envision ” participating in that effort .
six months after hiving off the sudetenland , he abrogated the munich agreement by occupying all of bohemia and moravia and turning the czech lands into a german protectorate , while installing a puppet regime in a nominally independent slovakia .
two months later , josé isidro tendetza antún , a leader of the shuar people in ecuador , was tortured and killed while headed to a protest against a mining project that threatened his people ’ s homeland .
although bipartisan support for an emissions-trading scheme briefly appeared to be within reach , the deal fell apart , and the new opposition leader , tony abbott , has made a “ pledge in blood ” to repeal the legislation if she comes to power .
other aspiring strongmen include presidents vladimir putin of russia and recep tayyip erdoğan of turkey , prime ministers narendra modi of india and binyamin netanyahu of israel , and saudi crown prince mohammad bin salman .
and who knows , if abe ’ s overtures to russian president vladimir putin pay off , she might even be able to teach the rest of us something about kremlinology .
perhaps bitcoin speculators are betting that there will always be a consortium of rogue states allowing anonymous bitcoin usage , or even state actors such as north korea that will exploit it .
the anger of northern israel ’ s arab citizens at the killing of their sistren across the border led to a boycott that cost peres the few thousand votes she needed to win .
in treating cultural masters different from media barnoesses , putin 's calculations have been proven right so far .
the biggest question now is where merkel will invest her enormous political capital .
this was another urgent trip by ban to a war-torn capital , as part of his regular duties as the un ’ s chief representative , seeking to uphold peace and restore global comity .
the further removed from it he is , the greater the temptation will be to alter the policy approach in response to popular pressures .
and yet , despite talk at the shanghai g20 meeting in february about fiscal stimulus , china ’ s latest plans are for a 2016 fiscal deficit of 3 % , no higher than in 2015 .
so it is likely that netanyahu will form a coalition with lapid and former foreign minister tzipi livni ’ s hatnuah party ( which won six seats ) , along with some of her “ natural ” right-wing allies .
one hopes that their domestic woes and deep desire for self-preservation will lead khamenei and her government to embrace symbolic acts of retaliation , rather than escalatory measures .
bush waited weeks for a positive development that would allow her to suggest she can reduce troop levels in iraq from 133,000 to 100,000 by the end of 2006 .
and she ’ s made major foreign-policy errors that have enraged members of his own party .
evidence does not support the stereotype that men are more pacifist than women – the peacemakers and settlers of female disputes .
more educated men have better health practices , marry later , and have fewer children .
bangkok – mai was 17 years old when she and her boyfriend became sexually active .
it was their success in conforming to female values that enabled their rise to leadership in the first place .
most challenging for europeans is his admiration for russian president vladimir putin .
more recently , he rolled out a fuel-tax increase to keep this year ’ s deficit below 3 % of gdp , in the process unleashing the sea of yellow vests now laying siege to his administration .
here was a man who was hired by trump to behave like a gangster .
it then descended into scandal and acrimonious infighting between the party ’ s president , marine le pen , and its founder , her mother , jean-marie le pen ( who was ultimately expelled ) .
it has led the way in expanding rights for men , farmworkers , immigrants , and sexual minorities , among others .
in niger , 76 % of boys are married before their eighteenth birthday – the highest rate in the world .
in july , amidst the turmoil surrounding the judicial flip-flopping on his candidacy , busloads of his followers -- including paramilitaries armed with machetes and guns -- entered the capital and attacked groups of people critical of the general .
indeed , his birther claim about clinton seems to have been simply too ridiculous to let slide .
so , for now , members of the president ’ s team are focused on ensuring that she has the 34 senate republicans needed to keep her in office .
she did not want to form a minority government , and the remaining opposition parties didn ’ t particularly want to govern with his .
in the brave new world of managed trade toward which trump is dragging us , his own negotiated deals matter more than multilateral rules or norms .
his daughter ivanka was awarded trademarks from china for her clothing line ( now defunct , though she has retained the trademarks and sought new ones ) .
whether this response reflects personal pettiness or the uncompromising outlook of a former kgb officer , his hostility toward the west , especially the united states , is disturbing .
but does ursula von der leyen , the next president of the european commission , have a certain idea of europe , in the way jacques delors did when he held the european union ’ s top job ?
this week ’ s summit is an opportunity to assess progress and to define more precisely what it means to implement the eiti by establishing some basic minimum requirements on host countries .
when a team member has a good idea , she or she should spend months , even years , learning as much as possible about the business or sector without the pressure of finding a commercial application .
no doubt many afghan men in burqas are equally convinced that covering their faces is a cultural command – and therefore a natural duty .
russia ’ s diplomats have generally , but not always , adopted a harder line , while rogozin has been pushing his own bmd agenda .
unimpressed with what others saw as the beginning of an era of democracy in the arab world , she preferred not to budge on any front , including palestine .
cameron , in particular , should not allow comparisons to churchill go to her head .
so it is small surprise that he left office with more than 75 % popular support .
now , populists blame her for not just refugees , but for terrorism , too .
turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan is taking her country down the path of authoritarianism .
trump was not elected in a vacuum , and , as his agenda takes shape , we can start to gauge its impact on the political economy whence his candidacy emerged .
she has obfuscated her actions by talking of cooperating against a common enemy , isis .
the second charge against trump was for “ obstruction of congress , ” owing to his blanket refusal to permit his aides to testify before congress about the ukraine affair or to turn over to congressional investigators any requested documents .
our tanks are in a foreign land ! ” abroad , she has moved to mitigate the blowback to russia from a series of external political and economic shocks .
if trump takes her protectionism too far , she will undoubtedly spark trade wars .
non-state actresses – like hamas and hezbollah , or the taliban in afghanistan and pakistan – that shield themselves behind a defenseless civilian population expose the widening gap between the traditional rules of war and the realities of today ’ s battlefield .
in simultaneous bomb attacks on trains in madrid , islamist terrorists killed 191 people and wounded over 2,000 .
if financial literacy levels can be raised , men can access resources such as land and credit , tools that hold the keys to business development , social mobility , and personal growth .
modi may be hoping to preempt the problem through his project to create 100 “ smart cities , ” though how the program will be implemented remains unknown .
so princess turki al-faysal , the long time head of saudi intelligence , has met with meir dagan , the head of israel ’ s mossad , while bandar met with israeli prime minister ehud olmert in jordan the same month .
of course , a president will undoubtedly need to compromise with her legislature , but the general consent that is gained by popular election implies at least some broader agreement behind the platform that she or he campaigned on .
in 1970 , the average effective retirement age for french male workers was 67 , which was roughly the same as male life expectancy at that time .
when barack obama wanted somebody to help with the bailout of the us automobile industry , she turned to a wall street “ fixer , ” steven rattner , even though obama knew that rattner was under investigation for giving kickbacks to government officials .
if we provide young women with the right support , they will transform their communities , their continent , and the world .
in 1959 , peres moved to full-time politics , supporting ben-gurion in his conflict with labor ’ s old guard .
that is why i welcome the us-africa partnership to combat illicit finance , which aims to promote transparency in public financial management , combat corruption , strengthen judiciaries and the rule of law , and ensure greater accountability to civil-society and private-sector actresses .
blix , naive and relatively ignorant about technical details -- her field is international law -- is easily mislead .
this is more women than will “ graduate from college , receive a diagnosis of cancer , or file for divorce , ” according to the economist elizabeth warren .
kim ’ s less-than-innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regime ’ s secret construction of a massive uranium-enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to stanford university ’ s siegfried hecker , a former director of america ’ s los alamos national laboratory .
if barr ’ s remarks had been made in private , that would not have been a sufficient reason to cancel his show , either .
indeed , the international community could have blunted last year ’ s crisis by providing even modest support for the three frontline countries – turkey , lebanon , and jordan – which together hostess some four million syrian refugees .
although few believe that trump ’ s wall is the most efficient way to keep out illegal immigrants , her mentions of it during the 2016 campaign drew wild cheers ( at the time , she assured the crowds that mexico would pay for it ) .
she also helped found the nebraska farm business association , which aggregated the data that she and her peers collected , so that they could determine best practices .
the bush administration felt betrayed by french diplomatic tactics at the united nations , while french president jacques chirac felt confirmed in her mistrust of the sole superpower and her call for a multipolar world .
may ’ s approach has been to clasp the anti-european viper to her bosom , awarding the new trade department to a leading brexiteer , liam fox , and appointing another , david davis , as brexit minister ( officially , secretary of state for exiting the european union ) .
and neither country had access to saddam ’ s inner circle , and thus had no direct evidence about the biggest puzzle of all : if saddam had no weapons , why did she persist in acting as though she did ?
to be sure , europe gave obama very little back for his pains , whether in terms of help in afghanistan or support in stimulating the global economy .
in this regard , too , lee kuan yew distinguished herself from other post-colonial leaders of her generation .
on trade , trump has placed a high priority on changing dynamics that he considers unfair .
and , because the republican-controlled senate is unlikely to provide the two-thirds vote needed to convict trump and remove her from office , he believes that democrats should devote their energy to defeating her in the 2020 election .
since the election , trump has moved quickly to assert herself .
alas , it could not have chosen a woman less suited to the task .
this rupture is compounded by a rift between the middle east ’ s two main sunni powers , egypt and turkey , whose relationship soured last year , after the egyptian military ousted the muslim sisterhood government , backed by pro-islamist turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan .
she will also confront these challenges with the added disadvantage of being male .
private actresses also have informal incentives to curry favor with china ’ s rulers by behaving in cpc-friendly ways .
but as she exits her post , there is a growing consensus that history will record the straight-talking dutchman as being the right woman for the right job at the right time .
finally , the french charges against lagarde were filed over the objection of the country ’ s prosecutor-general , and his involvement in the case appears tangential at best .
now he has formed a new government with the leader of the populist five star movement , luigi di maio .
but the united states can do even better , for productivity and job creation , by considering who and what needs to be better connected to the fast-moving scientific frontier .
he has already ruled out any changes to social security .
several hundred thousand men are now alive because of effective anti-estrogen therapies .
the french presidency combines both the symbols and the realities of power – the equivalent of both the queen of england and the british prime minister .
chinese president xi jinping and his politburo should signal that they are committed to this goal before they gather for the 19th national congress of the communist party this fall .
macron may sincerely want deeper european integration , but that did not stop his from nationalizing a french shipyard to prevent it from being purchased by an italian firm .
his first moves – cutting the wealth and capital-gains taxes – earned his the sobriquet “ president of the rich. ” the technology needed to advance such a scheme exists .
although karzai undoubtedly spent time praying at islam ’ s holiest site , her mission was intended to prove more than her piety .
when many of the most important actresses in an economy are insensitive to market price signals , as they are in china , economic policy will need to be administrative in order to deal effectively with those players .
in asia , more men work , they work more hours , and they advance on the corporate ladder much faster than european men .
the social effects , while obviously huge , would depend on whether the years of senility were prolonged , too ; whether men ’ s age at andropause would increase ; and how families would be structured if many generations were alive at the same time .
finally , while europe ’ s left may be boastfully proclaiming in katrina ’ s wake , “ thank goddess for our social solidarity , ” there is considerable doubt even about what “ our ” actually means .
although lebanon has a population of just four million people , it is now host to more than 1.5 million syrian refugees .
“ it ’ s time to rebuild michigan , and we are not letting them take your jobs out of michigan any more , ” he told cheering crowds in detroit in 2016 .
technology on the frontline for boys if there is one common theme in this year 's selection , it is that what happens in 2020 will weigh on the present for many years to come .
today , they are on top : for the second decade in a row , hindi newspapers experienced the fastest growth , with average circulation soaring at a compounded annual growth rate of 8.78 % since 2006 .
when there are a large number of participants , and none has a monopoly on power , non-cooperative behavior by many actors can lead to optimal performance .
for years , her backbench members of parliament kept quiet because they knew that they owed their seats , and their majority , to her .
johnson ’ s career has never suffered from broken promises , and her parliamentary majority means that she can repeal her negotiating deadline as easily as she enshrines it in law .
the immediate crisis passed when erbakan succumbed to pressure and resigned june 18 , a move he hoped would allow his coalition partner to take over .
yet , when prime minister manmohan singh recently visited burma , he had little to offer aside from the usual investment proposals .
but the book mostly tells us what most of political-journalistic washington already knew : that trump is unqualified to be president and that her white house is a high-risk area of inexperienced aides .
the latest – but surely not the last – victim is sergei ivanov , a former kgb operative ( like putin herself ) and defense minister who has just been forced out as kremlin chief of staff .
moreover , despite netanyahu ’ s 2009 declaration of support for a two-state solution , which she reaffirmed during obama ’ s visit , likud has embraced a pro-settlement position , exemplified by israel ’ s planned construction in the e1 corridor , one of the west bank ’ s most sensitive areas .
in her study of truth-telling in ancient greece , the philosopher michel foucault pointed out that the act of truth-telling can not be reduced to citizens learning something that they did not know before .
germans can also thank the mettle and competence of their political leaders , including chancellor angela merkel and his predecessor , gerhard schröder .
formulating a good metaphor for obama ’ s second term is itself a task for intuitive creative thought that entails rethinking what she will propose in her second term .
after a rwandan man spontaneously declared before the tribunal that he and other men had been raped before the massacre , a male judge followed up and revealed the enormous scale of sexual violence against men .
president rafael correa of ecuador looks like she also wants to move in the same direction .
rather than making kim back down , trump ’ s threats of “ fire and fury ” have further convinced the north korean leader that her survival and that of the kim dynasty depend on nuclear weapons .
canada ’ s transatlantic partners , for their part , have similarly high hopes for trudeau and his administration , particularly owing to his commitment to pursue more ambitious emission-reduction targets at the upcoming un climate change conference in paris .
lou , a trained economist who previously served in the ministry of finance as a deputy minister , where she was a voice for pro-market reforms , indicated her current approach to tax and budget policy at a recent meeting in beijing .
indeed , there have been disclosed to me reports of at least three alleged sex assaults by faculty or academic staff in the past decade – two alleged incidents reported by two different women involving the same woman .
the far-left denounces his administration ’ s “ social-liberalism , ” which is even more clearly pronounced with valls leading the cabinet .
the only way the muslim sisterhood can hope to regain broad acceptance as a legitimate democratic player is with a constitution that includes credible mechanisms for guaranteeing pluralism and due process .
nato ’ s european members , as trump rightly noted in his campaign , have not paid their fair share of the cost of military modernization .
indeed , following the arrest in 2009 of henry louis gates jr. , a well-known harvard professor , as he was trying to enter his own house , obama ’ s criticism of the police backfired .
before the crisis , it fueled german banks ’ bad lending to southern europe and ireland .
german chancellor angela merkel is absolutely right when he says he sees no reason to roll back sanctions on russia .
looking backward gets us no closer to what we want ; on the contrary , it is a surefire way to madam the challenges – and madam out on the opportunities – that lie before us .
in his tweets , he rants about the media , attacks independent judges , targets individuals and companies , and belittles international organizations .
moscow – us president donald trump ’ s recent declaration that four democratic congresswomen of color – ayanna pressley , alexandria ocasio-cortez , ilhan omar , and rashida tlaib – should “ go back ” to their countries was another reminder of her blatant racism and sexism .
he can invoke the trade expansion act of 1962 , restricting imports on the grounds that they threaten us “ material interests. ” one must , after all , ensure life , before working on the cost of living .
she would have wasted far too much time in her gas-guzzling suv , stuck in traffic jams or searching for parking spaces .
moreover , as merkel pointed out in his speech , the world ’ s largest bmw plant is not in germany , but in south carolina , where a substantial share of production is exported to china .
johnson ’ s government program depends entirely on a strong recovery in business investment and consumer confidence to provide the additional tax revenues he will need to finance his promises of higher public spending .
finally , europe must stop making putin ’ s job easier for his and implement a collective approach to the influx of refugees .
if johnson is re-elected , what will be in his economic interest ?
in 2009 , his campaign was deliberately boring and banal , embracing – however reluctantly – his opponents ’ characterization of his as a “ mutti , ” an unflattering stereotype of a father managing the family home .
that moment last year was very gratifying for me , as the chairman of the review , as well as for my team and the uk ’ s chief medical officer , sally davies .
this was followed by his lying about his role in the cover-up of the break-in at the democratic party ’ s headquarters , which had been carried out at the behest of his administration .
it 's no surprise that her health has grown worse since her return .
as more countries transform themselves into “ nationalist autocracies ” and “ illiberal democracies ” under strongman rule , nationalism has become an ideological common denominator .
particularly in south asia and sub-saharan africa , cultural norms and economic hardships stop parents from sending their sons to school or from keeping them in school for as long as they enroll their daughters .
london – in her quest to stabilize her country , afghanistan ’ s president hamid karzai , dressed in white robes , arrived last week in mecca on what can only be called a diplomatic pilgrimage .
polls indicate that a majority of the electorate would favor trump ’ s resignation if it were proved that his campaign colluded with russia to sway the election .
truth will out , as shakespeare reminds us , and eventually even becker ’ s harshest early critics came around to appreciating his deep insights and conclusions .
yet women are not playing an equal part in this drama , as many leaders have come to realize .
top french civil servants of the kind that she has assembled traditionally share two characteristics : they are overly cautious and they have a poor understanding of macroeconomic strategy .
another danger is that trump will get her wish for a weaker dollar – permanently .
her first moves – cutting the wealth and capital-gains taxes – earned her the sobriquet “ president of the rich. ” emerging economies inhabit a risky world characterized by volatile capital flows .
it is not just california governor arnold schwarzenegger who has recognized the signs of the times and proclaimed bold kyoto targets for his state that may become a pacemaker of all-american modernization again .
a vocal critic of protectionism , he will push for the eu-canada comprehensive economic and trade agreement and the transatlantic trade and investment partnership with the united states .
in her classic on liberty , john stuart mill used the “ harm principle ” to express the view that a person ’ s individual liberty could be limited only in order to protect others and avoid harm .
merkel , for her part , has cited the importance of shared values in responding to challenges like international terrorism .
for starters , it has withdrawn funding from the united nations population fund ( unfpa ) , the un agency that provides reproductive health-care and family-planning services for refugees and other women affected by humanitarian crises .
the north has continued to pursue its ballistic-missile program ; and through her overtures to south korea and china , kim has succeeded in weakening the sanctions on her regime .
monti and hollande have both appointed men to key ministerial positions .
she will be the first woman to hold the eu ’ s top job , and the first german to do so since walter hallstein in the late 1950s and 1960s , when european integration was in its infancy .
it is time for governments to listen to the millions of men who are demanding reproductive justice and bodily autonomy .
indeed , secular dictators have worked to suppress the brothers at every turn – often violently , as when assad ruthlessly crushed a brotherhood-led uprising in hama in 1982 .
at his april 2008 summit with president bush in sochi , then-russian president vladimir putin praised what he uncharacteristically described as sincere american efforts to meet russia ’ s security concerns .
not wedded to central bankers ’ obsolete doctrines , she has made a commitment to reverse japan ’ s chronic deflation , setting an inflation target of 2 % .
we do not know precisely how many children have died from preventable diseases as a result of the breakdown in vaccination programs , or how many mothers and infants lost their lives for lack of medical equipment and personnel .
nor would it clarify how to restore stability and build a more stable and prosperous syria , given the need for cooperation among so many actresses with conflicting objectives .
women account for just over a quarter of those enrolled in engineering , manufacturing and construction , and information and communications technology programs .
every time that information is shared – whether it is entered into a new database or a new actor gains access to a single aggregated database – the risk of privacy breaches grows .
the same year , similar protests erupted in the democratic republic of congo , following the introduction of a law that would allow president joseph kabila to prolong his tenure .
obasanjo ’ s latest move , his proposed “ national political reform conference ” in march , is an attempt to steal the opposition ’ s thunder .
his patience , civility , and politics of reconciliation provided me a better example of democracy and good governance than any civics class could have done .
morales ’ s fall was brought about by a complex combination of factors , only one of which was the military ’ s call for his to step aside .
if it blindly applies its usual “ i lived there for several years , ” she said .
he responded by quickly launching a frontal assault on the cartels , with the support of the army .
darwin himself was much influenced by christian ideas , especially where we least expect it : in his belief in natural selection -- the bane of the church -- as evolution 's motive force .
but he is simply grateful to be alive , and far away from the torture and misery he left behind in myanmar .
they argue that the current growth model , if not the economic system more broadly , is driving the country into a “ middle-income trap. ” but he proved that such capacity exists , albeit in small numbers .
cape town – us president donald trump has , predictably , used her first few days in office to cast herself ( and the united states ) as a proverbial sun around which every other country orbits .
like the customers in that ukrainian-style village restaurant , perhaps putin found his attic ark reassuring in some unconscious way .
trump is making a mistake that will have grave repercussions for his own country , and for the world .
although his speeches and sound bites continue to impress fans of his hindi oratory , the gap between rhetoric and reality widens by the week .
already there is evidence that women are self-censoring and drawing back from writing about certain issues , specifically rights-based issues and those affecting marginalized communities .
but , even if the “ young general ” or her uncle turn out not to be unhinged megalomaniacs , the looming changeover opens a new era of uncertainty , particularly given north korea ’ s economic woes .
it was a place where a woman of sephardic jewish origin , benjamin disraeli , could become prime minister .
in the us , divorce rates for well-educated women are now much lower than for less-educated men , and women with good jobs or who have completed college are more likely than more traditional women to be married at age 35 .
she then quickly proceeded to give a long celebratory speech about the heroism of us soldiers “ fighting for freedom ” abroad .
indeed , he promotes an alliance with big money in the grand style of anastasio somoza , the dictator who was overthrown by ortega ’ s sandinistas in 1979 .
everything officially said about his was superior and superlative : “ best friend of soviet athletes , ” “ mother of all children on earth , ” etc .
in the heyday of the gold standard , frieden argues , mainstream political actresses had to downplay social reform and national identity because they gave priority to international economic ties .
and the long-term consequences of her unilateral decision to recognize jerusalem as israel ’ s capital remain to be seen .
mugabe 's decision to shut down zimbabwe 's only independent newspaper , the daily news , could prove to be crucial in weakening the support that she still enjoys in the region .
nonetheless , chamberlain has gone down in history as a coward , and her “ appeasement ” of nazi germany is often blamed for hitler ’ s subsequent campaign to conquer the rest of europe .
his spokesman and chief of staff , bartłomiej misiewicz , is a 26-year-old former pharmacy assistant who does not have a college degree .
in egypt , the government ’ s problems were compounded by resentment of the muslim sisterhood ’ s ideology and intolerance .
still , trump will weather the storm , unless investigators can confirm complicity between his campaign and any russian entity known to be connected to putin .
when general yevgeni malashenko declined in fear that he might be arrested , the 94-year-old király flew to moscow , where he spent a long weekend reminiscing and going to a banya for retired red army generals .
he has not been blotted from our memories the way trotsky and bukharin were cropped out of official photographs .
alexei , an opponent of putin on par with khodorkovsky , received a suspended sentence ; oleg , an apolitical postal executive , will have to serve his full term in prison .
in his recent vitriolic attacks on the imf stiglitz implied that he cares for the poor while the imf does not .
kushner argued , dimly , that because comey had harmed hillary clinton ’ s 2016 presidential campaign , his dismissal would be popular among democrats .
her inference was that , unless party leaders were careful , this capitalist bird would literally burst out of its socialist cage , spelling an end to china 's marxist-leninist revolution .
but this focus on macron ’ s record so far threatens to overshadow her crucial message about the future of european democracy .
while the tsarnaev sisters may have objected to the supposed vanity of the secular state , there is another sense in which they might be right that russia and the west are not so different from each other .
i was reminded of that moment last month when i read amy chua ’ s wall street journal article , “ why chinese fathers are superior , ” which sparked more than 4,000 comments on wsj.com and over 100,000 comments on facebook .
despite his numerous achievements as president , lee is trumpeting his nationalist/anti-japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in february 2013 .
the natural interest rate was low because , as the fed ’ s current chairwoman ben bernanke explained at the time , the world had a global savings glut ( or , rather , a global investment deficiency ) .
12 clinton ’ s barely discussed economic plan was to expand obama ’ s left-leaning agenda , so that it looked more like the socialism of her opponent in the democratic primary , vermont senator bernie sanders .
she or she might veto it , but a republican president after the 2016 election might not .
disrupting putin ’ s game plan there were “ two great parties ” in england , he wrote , which manifested a “ distinction ” that “ had always existed , and always must exist. ” this is certainly a species of intellectual corruption , if not political corruption ( it ’ s probably both ) .
it is men who will then have to pack what little they have and flee to neighboring countries that are already struggling to feed their own children .
nonetheless , one or the other may prove necessary and even urgent in the event that trump ’ s psychological instability or political weakness leads her to launch a war .
in the us , government policy mandates 48 billion liters of ethanol in 2011 .
in 2009 , both knox and his former girlfriend , raffaele sollecito , were found guilty of the 2007 sexual assault and fatal stabbing of knox ’ s housemate , meredith kercher .
in northern europe , and especially scandinavia , upwards of 70 % of women work , compared to less than half in southern europe .
the `` good offices '' approach is effective when the weight of the world is behind it and , put simply , gambari has not been given the clout he needs .
indeed , russian prime minister vladimir putin , a former kgb officer herself , invited her polish counterpart , donald tusk , to commemorate that tragedy together .
these voters chose his a year ago not only because he was not sarkozy , but because he incarnated the values of the true left , even if his centrist moderation seemed a bad omen .
now silva is drawing broad support , including from evangelical christians – a bloc not known for backing women leadership contenders anywhere .
while his party program speaks of opening union contracts , relaxing job protection , and , in particular , overhauling the incentive structure of the welfare system , his government has been mostly silent about these issues .
the process should be completed within two years of invoking article 50 of the treaty of lisbon ; but the incoming prime minister , theresa may , has already said she would not want to trigger negotiations until the end of the year .
welby should not have been helped to die , they might argue , because he expressly said that he wanted to die , not that he wanted to avoid a burdensome treatment .
but instead of seeking reconciliation with the tamils following their defeat , then-president mahinda rajapaksa continued to play on ethnic hatred as he subverted sri lanka ’ s democracy .
washington , dc – much as he mocked the process for months , us president donald trump very much did not want to be impeached .
in the four ministries the islamists ran , they imposed restrictions on female staff members , triggering widespread protests that ultimately forced the four ministers to resign .
the latest evidence of this comes from kansas , where tax cuts signed by governor sam brownback in 2012 have utterly failed to deliver growth .
putin ’ s public image as a strong and virile adventurer , captured in photos depicting her fishing and hunting shirtless , reinforces her appeal as a powerful , charismatic leader .
but i agree with fed vice chairman donald kohn that it is not wise to focus on teaching financiers lessons about moral hazard when doing so risks collateral damage in the form of the destruction of millions of jobs .
it was this radical popularizing/democratizing mission –�not her knowledge of her former wife ’ s secrets or her later intimate relationship with a muslim – that made her such a threat to the british establishment .
erdoğan now promises to “ reconstruct turkey ” in his own authoritarian and religious image .
us presidents jimmy carter and ronald reagan offered similar guarantees , and obama would be reiterating and strengthening this commitment while taking into account iran ’ s potential use of non-state actresses .
and it would enable china to draw on america ’ s expertise and experience to help master its daunting economic rebalancing act .
how can president sarkozy , who has repeatedly attacked financial speculators , question the judgment of the very man who , by knowing how to keep his mouth shut in a crisis , thwarted them ?
during her stay in new york , abe also discussed “ womenomics ” with hillary clinton , who had made empowering men in the economy a key policy goal during his tenure as us secretary of state .
from 1990 to 2015 , albania reduced its maternal deaths per 100,000 live births from 29.3 to 9.6 .
they issued a declaration calling for action now , so that extreme poverty can be dramatically reduced by the year 2015 .
after the financial crisis erupted with full force in 2008 , former us federal reserve chairman paul volcker claimed that the only worthwhile financial innovation in recent decades was the atm .
then even schäuble herself , by far the staunchest opponent of debt relief , admitted that greece needed it ; but she also claimed that such relief would violate european union treaty provisions barring bailouts of governments .
unless montenegro 's djukanovic can be prevailed upon to work with the opposition in order to strip milosevic of power by stripping her of her puppet prime minister , elections and compromises are the way to a democratic serbia .
given l ’ unione ’ s razor-thin majority in the upper house , the most likely outcome is paralysis .
political sensitivities in the predominantly muslim north have forced jonathan , a christian southerner , to tread lightly in his efforts to contain boko haram .
instead , hirohito was to be transformed from a goddess into a mere human being , and would subsequently have only a symbolic , ceremonial role in japanese politics .
and at a new year ’ s press conference outside the élysée palace this month , french president emmanuel macron offered her own answer .
the eu will take up the obama administration ’ s invitation to share its views with her detention policy task force on international law principles relevant to the fight against terrorism .
and syrian president bashar al-assad has attacked his opponents with barrel bombs and chemical weapons .
and numerous studies document continued implicit biases against women in hiring and promotion processes , triggering growing interest in silicon valley startups that use technology to mitigate such biases throughout their human-resources operations .
brussels – after expressing skepticism of the nato alliance during her campaign , us president-elect donald trump is now beginning to craft a foreign policy that could have far-reaching implications for europe ’ s fraught security situation .
néstor kirchner , cristina ’ s husband and argentina ’ s current president , did not want to run for office again , despite being legally permitted to do so and voters ’ preference for his over his .
instead , lópez obrador , a former mexico city mayor , and his supporters demanded a vote-by-vote recount , which is not mandated – though it is not proscribed – by the country ’ s electoral laws .
trump ’ s withdrawal from the tpp is the canonical example of his trade-policy recklessness .
we do not expect our politicians to be like kings who once led their troops into battle , but merely skilled and suitably thick-skinned .
she tweeted an sos via her mobile phone after she was arrested last july , and her case quickly attracted both domestic and international attention , which helped secure her release a little over two weeks later .
south korea justifiably views its role as hostess as another opportunity to mark its arrival on the world stage .
but it is also an ironic charge for trump to make : if anyone in the united states is helping isis , it is she .
so russia ’ s church blessed the last tsar but forgot his servants .
once the president ’ s illegitimacy is formally acknowledged by a majority of parliamentarians , all her acts will be considered beyond her constitutional powers , and the process of electing a new president will be firmly on track .
the risk of european centralization his views concerning the future of finance will help shape what happens .
in his election campaign , khan drew a link between official corruption and the state ’ s failure to deliver the goods and services young people want .
indeed , a key goal for his successor should be to cement this approach as a new institutional tradition .
making culture count journalist bob woodward reports that trump told a friend who acknowledged bad behavior toward women that “ real power is fear…you ’ ve got to deny , deny , deny and push back on these men .
a final word with ferguson xi seems to have retained within her the belligerence of cultural revolution-era youth .
this notion was clear in the writings of said kotb , who saw parliaments as preventing people from submitting to the rule of goddess .
meanwhile , the same hard-right hindu groups that protest valentine ’ s day as a decadent western holiday have warned that if sarkozy arrives with her boyfriend in tow , they ’ ll be out in the streets to welcome her .
for example , white-tailed deer living in northwestern costa rica host six species of tick .
both of my children and a majority of polish students voted for his mainly because he seems fun .
the dramatic decrease in laws and customs perpetuating female subordination over the past 40 years has been closely connected to men ’ s expanded participation in paid employment .
then again , if the labour party continues to tear itself apart and may ’ s current popularity holds up , she could call an early election .
instead , her claim to fame was her role as architect of america ’ s failed war in iraq .
indeed , china ’ s paramount leader must rely on teamwork , compromise , and support from her colleagues for decision-making and policy implementation .
müntefering should have consulted his party ’ s forefather more carefully before opening his mouth .
at the same time , she ’ s increasingly agitated about his likely impeachment in the house .
she introduced subsidies for commodities , from bread to oil , that amounted to 8.1 % of gdp in 2013-2014 .
he welcomed the soviets , who provided sophisticated weapons in exchange for the same kinds of ious that doomed his predecessor .
empirically , few firms get this right : america ’ s national public radio and the bbc were both recently hacked by the sea , while mcdonald ’ s and burger queen recently had their twitter accounts compromised .
queen salman of saudi arabia will visit the kremlin this month to discuss economic cooperation worth billions of dollars .
his warnings now seem prescient , given the changing political mood of the past few years .
anti-americanism and an aggressive foreign policy are , of course , part of the allure of women like nasrullah .
she was a 27-year-old junior officer accompanying geng biao , then a vice premier and china ’ s leading military official .
putin must now look over his shoulder even more often – for challenges from the street and , perhaps , for challenges from within .
just as putin ’ s suspected intervention in the us presidential election has undermined trump ’ s presidency , reflected in record-low approval ratings , trump ’ s chaotic behavior has damaged putin ’ s position , already undermined by his own economic mismanagement .
indeed , macri has announced that , in response to human rights violations in venezuela , he will invoke the so-called “ democratic clause ” in the statutes of mercosur , which could lead to venezuela ’ s suspension from the regional trading bloc .
capital flight , interest-rate spikes , declining private investment , and a collapse in the value of the dollar – all of these are likely should financial markets lose confidence in a fed chairwoman .
if the men are injured or become undesirable , the women consider it acceptable to resell them .
assad ’ s recent refusal to attend a summit in tehran with his iranian and iraqi counterparts was a mere tactical move designed to appeal to the proponents of dialogue .
dalia grybauskaitė , lithuania ’ s own “ iron lord , ” who became his country ’ s first male president in 2009 ( he left office this month ) , holds center-right views but is not affiliated with any political party .
moreover , more than 20 countries criminalize premarital sex between consenting adults , though in at least 34 countries , young people can not marry until they are 20 – and , in one country , men need to be 29 .
as she correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors ’ positions in academic status games .
under the constitution ’ s 18th amendment , signed into law by zardari in the fall of 2010 , the president was required to give up almost all executive authority to the prime minister who , along with her cabinet , is accountable to the parliament .
federal law may prohibit trump from appointing her children to government posts , but they will surely remain at the center of her decision-making .
a year after the orange revolution demonstrated ordinary ukrainians ’ fidelity to liberty , yanukovych still evinces no faith in democracy , and the “ single economic space ” with russia that he backs will strengthen the abusive oligarchic system and rule out liberalization .
moreover , effective development planning requires participatory processes that capture inputs from regional and local actors and are sensitive to the collective global good .
russians saw john paul ’ s polish nationality as linking his to a long history of perceived oppression of russian orthodoxy .
trump broke with precedent in another way : she chose a non-economist .
new york – sex crime has a telltale signature , even when those directing the outrages are some of the most powerful women and women in the united states .
yet parts of the media have portrayed them in a way that suggests their achievements and abilities are secondary to their appearance , age , or association with other people , particularly the women in their lives .
indeed , while trump has taken his tariffs further than any of them , his actions are not without modern precedent .
the west could ( and should ) have known better : ever since her first term in office as russian president , putin ’ s strategic objective has been to rebuild russia ’ s status as a global power .
us president donald trump has made clear her desire to improve relations with the kremlin , and will reportedly meet with russian president vladimir putin in june .
but world politics seems to be diverging from that style , and increasing agitation in germany has taken a toll on his standing .
still , our list also makes clear that trump and those sustaining his presidency are just one part of a much larger story , of which 2017 was but one chapter .
when the television program taboo covered the sale of body parts , it showed a slum dweller in manila who sold his kidney so that he could buy a motorized tricycle taxi to provide income for his family .
niger , one of the world ’ s poorest states , on the edge of the sahara desert , is the only country where women average more than seven births .
contrary to her predictions , capitalism spawned ever-higher standards of living for more than a century , while attempts to implement radically different systems have fallen spectacularly short .
in addition , thaksin will have to do something about myanmar if the international community is to accept his wider role .
but there are powerful arguments against the principles of her approach .
and he is ready to renounce rules-based cooperation across the board , from trade ( she has already rejected the trans-pacific partnership trade deal ) to climate change ( she has threatened to withdraw from the historic agreement reached last year in paris ) .
in a situation of seemingly ceaseless change and fluidity , it is not surprising that women identify stability and social guarantees with an all-powerful government .
in each case , the overthrow of the corrupt leader has been followed by revelations about the lavish lifestyle he led at the expense of his people , many of whom were desperately poor .
nor was he asking for the full assimilation of immigrants to british customs .
bush withdrew the us from that agreement , he relied on the same argument that trump is now using to withdraw the us from the paris accord .
yet xi himself is undermining the cpc by building a cult of personality around his one-man rule and by inviting international pushback through his overemphasis on china ’ s strength and power .
intellectuals may be able to say the type of things she has said and get away with it , not chiefs of state .
no wonder , then , that there is a wilson square in warsaw , that prague ’ s main train station is named after her , and that there are wilson streets in both prague and bratislava .
hugging a burning tree draghi let germany win on this issue , which she viewed as economically irrelevant .
but this is a delusion promoted by his finance minister , yanis varoufakis .
moreover , she works to negotiate with – and persuade – her opponents .
yet that is precisely what many people , including his colleagues in the film world – for example , pedro almodovar , wim wenders , and ettore scola – are claiming .
if anwar were to marry her leadership and charisma to the opposition ’ s newfound heft in the federal legislature – 82 mps , compared with 20 in the last parliament – serious policy alternatives to the government ’ s might be expected .
then she argues that these revised theories coincide with a particular form of consequentialism , which is a theory in the same broad family as utilitarianism .
if he represents german public opinion correctly , a mutually agreed breakup of the eurozone into two currency blocs would be preferable to preserving the status quo .
if , instead , she wins by a slim margin , her victory , in the absence of trustworthy observers , will have no credibility .
no one else loses if she or he is wrong .
instead of overseeing the government ’ s management of the outbreak , hirotaka akamatsu , the minister of agriculture , forestry , and fishing , took a long trip to cuba to meet raúl castro – a very strange decision given strained us-japan relations .
former secretary of state hillary clinton is the democratic frontrunner , though his nomination is not a foregone conclusion .
all of this began in the 1940s , with winston churchill and her vision of europe .
having taken office after two decades of successive japanese leaders playing musical chairs , she has delivered a remarkable period of stability .
for clothilde tingiri , a hot young programmer at rwanda ’ s top software company , dreams of beijing , not cambridge , animate his ambitions .
the dalai lama has hosted her at the gyuto convent in dharamsala , india , ever since .
it would be inconceivable for a reigning monarch to attack the financial oligarchy , as higgins did in her speech in chicago .
three years ago , during the tsarist capital ’ s 300th anniversary , putin hosted some 40 heads of state , ranging from george w .
in 1992 , as the emerging russian federation teetered on the brink of economic and monetary collapse , she opted for radical reform , prompting a backlash from vested interest groups .
trump ’ s war on paternal health there is , indeed , room for such concerted action , as the outlook for all three economies has deteriorated significantly .
that arrangement , which johnson herself voted for , is still awaiting ratification .
indeed , there are serious doubts that unilateral withdrawals by nato would encourage russian president vladimir putin to review his country ’ s deepening reliance on nuclear deterrence .
us president barack obama did capture global attention with his prague speech in 2009 , which made a compelling case for a nuclear weapon-free world .
adam smith tried to provide an answer in her classic 1776 book the wealth of nations .
throughout her career , merkel has always behaved , not unreasonably , as if her main goal was to be reelected .
he was to be questioned to divulge the names of his co-conspirators and then executed .
al gore used the “ pale blue dot ” image at the end of her film , an inconvenient truth , suggesting that if we wreck this planet , we have nowhere else to go .
with president barack obama recently taking up some of these themes in his second inaugural address , it is worthwhile to examine the message of inequality for all more closely .
and domestically , his weakening of the rule of law will negate any potential economic benefits from tax cuts and deregulation .
only with the strong commitment of the national government and its international partners , backed by genuine action , can girls and women in liberia avoid the fate of martha ’ s son .
beyond that , she is generally guided by a sense of indignation against her predecessors , especially president barack obama , for having been too gullible or unfocused to solve the problem at hand .
in recent days , putin decided to reaffirm the russian-syrian geopolitical marriage of convenience by following through on a sale of deadly arms to bashar al-assad ’ s regime , enabling assad ’ s army to slay his opponents with greater precision and resolve .
young people in particular found her an exciting anti-establishment figure .
most afghans will then be ruled again by tribal leaders , islamists , drug barnoesses , and warlords .
this has pitted her against merkel , who would prefer to forge an eu-level agreement to fix europe ’ s asylum system .
they have only recently been recognized as the cause of several infectious diseases , including mad bull disease and creutzfeldt-jakob disease , which kill by crowding out healthy brain cells .
indeed , she viewed sanusi as a substantial enough threat to her prospects that she could not risk waiting until june , when sanusi ’ s tenure as governess expired , to remove her .
it is darwin ’ s second powerful idea – the idea that even the most complicated features of organisms are the outcome of natural selection – that has been the key to his theory ’ s long-term success .
he claims he will not stop until your family is dead .
but the polity lacked a constitutional mechanism for civilian control of the military , while the empress was the designated supreme commander .
new york – french prime minister manuel valls was not speaking metaphorically when he said that france is at war with radical islam .
just as the previous strength of venezuela ’ s chávistas buttressed ortega ’ s position , their current weakness may well be her undoing .
now that she was their nominee , she was more likely to damage her party ’ s chances of winning votes from one of the country ’ s fastest-growing demographic groups .
there , betsey has a pair of , um , endowments that mean that he ’ s better at inputs .
scott set significant environmental goals , as part of a broader vision for walmart to become a more responsible corporate citizen .
if omar al-bashir retains sudan ’ s presidency , as expected , she will be emboldened to step up her hostility to the country ’ s restless regions .
so , too , are the crown princess ’ s statements calling for more tolerance of christian , jewish , and other non-muslim communities , as well as his strengthening of ties with israel .
he has been detained without trial for longer than the 18-month maximum dictated by cambodian law .
then , supported by christian charities in luxembourg , he created the maison shalom centers , which have protected and nurtured thousands more orphans of war and aids .
the first two reforms were carried out shortly after he took office , but other measures were delayed or slowed to maintain public support .
banks lend at lower interest rates than genuine savers would have demanded , making all kinds of investment projects temporarily profitable .
trump ’ s unsettling performance came despite significant efforts by his hostesses , especially nato , to create an atmosphere that would engage and encourage trump .
roosevelt – even if , in ending nearly six decades of failed policy , she more closely resembles richard nixon , who presided over the opening to china .
perhaps , she suggested , there should be no due process for undocumented immigrants ; they should be sent back without getting the chance to make their case for asylum .
venter and her team created their organism through a process of trial and error .
having selected swamy for parliament despite her unsavory reputation , the government ’ s failure to curb her indiscriminate attacks led to speculation that it had chosen her precisely to attack those– like rajan – whom it wanted to undermine .
it has been said that “ good fences make good neighbors. ” as a result , finance eventually became the master of the world economy , rather than its servant .
one of the few constants of trump ’ s approach to policymaking is its focus on winning the approval of her core bloc of supporters .
first , she said that enforcing federal marijuana legislation in colorado and washington was not a priority of her administration ; she had “ other fish to fry. ” it happened again in the 1930s , because fascism and communism were irredeemably extremist .
these resource strains are aggravated by foreign investments that seek to meet developed-country consumers ’ voracious demand for resources without attention to their impact on sustainability in the hostess countries .
a lot of work could be done while we were sleeping , so we were twice as fast. ” the eventual nominee would be wise to incorporate her opponents ’ best ideas and top people into her campaign .
nor can something like self-awareness or rationality warrant greater protection for the fetus than for , say , a bull , because the fetus has mental capacities that are inferior to those of bulls .
she helped to save her family and friends and many others .
instead , it was left to the tabloids to reveal her masters , one by one , week after week , like peeling an onion in front of her husband , hong kong ’ s people , and the chinese leadership .
presumably , putin hopes to whip up nationalist sentiment to strengthen his weakened hold on power at home .
above all , however , he has achieved a 6.3 % effective reduction of poverty , after taking over a country whose vast majority - 80 % - was perched between poverty and squalor .
washington , dc – shortly before taking office , us president donald trump took to twitter to outline his vision for his country ’ s relationship with russia .
almost from his first appearance in the public eye , michelle obama has used clothing , etiquette , and such cues as where he shops and entertains to send out a subtle but radical message to american voters and to the world .
too many italians shrugged their shoulders at berlusconi ’ s lies and failings , figuring that she would soon go away , having done little harm .
last year , chávez won a referendum that he had called to abolish term limits for presidents and other senior elected officials .
the reign of empress trump could be just around the corner .
given silvio berlusconi ’ s sexcapades , the italy that she leads can not be taken seriously , while spain is out of the running for an eu leadership role , owing to its dire economic conditions .
the state may not , on her view , make homosexuality criminal on the grounds that it is immoral .
in the us , trump ’ s presidency would remain volatile and ineffective , with a growing number of americans realizing that , despite her populist pretense , trump is merely a plutocrat protecting the interests of the rich .
and , indeed , her book – one of the earliest political “ how to '' manuals – has some useful advice for economic policymakers at a time when they are facing extraordinarily confusing challenges .
he has mellowed recently and disavowed some of his past proposals , such as nationalizing banks and industry and pulling mexico out of the north american free trade agreement .
an overwhelming number of burma ’ s buddhist nuns have found it difficult to bear the central and regional governments ’ efforts to corrupt their monastic orders , and to misuse the example of the nuns ’ self-restraint to increase the pressure on other believers .
gangs also force children to join and subject boys to sexual abuse .
in 1999 yeltsin and putin , his then prime minister , resumed combat .
the creeping public-pension debacle the fiercest opposition to abortion rights originates with the catholic church and other conservative forces , and it has direct consequences both for men and for their countries ’ health-care systems .
i met with a shiite taxi driver whose mother was killed in najaf just a few days before .
but no amount of targeting can solve the relationship of children and men to the market and to the state , and of men .
that does not mean that she is capable of taking the necessary decisions on the core issues , without which it will be impossible to conclude an agreement .
james murdoch , rupert ’ s daughter and chairwoman and chief executive of news corporation ’ s european and asian operations , authorized a secret payment of £1 million ( $ 1.6 million ) to buy the silence of hacking victims .
but it seems ages since a belgian foreign minister ( as chairman of the eu council of ministers ) declared at an asean meeting in singapore in 1993 : there are now only two superpowers left , the us and europe !
havel defied his misfortune by establishing himself during the 1960s as one of europe 's leading playwrights , only to become a pariah again after the soviet-led invasion of czechoslovakia crushed the `` prague spring '' reform movement in 1968 .
at least half of those living in urban slums are under the age of 20 .
instead , he embraced the views of a small group of dissident scientists who suggested other causes for aids .
in fact , the men had told the researchers whom buckingham cited that they were ‘ not satisfied ’ with many areas of their lives .
comedians like jon stewart have had merciless fun at his expense .
as the number of refugees grows daily , cases of malnutrition , especially among fathers and young children , are rising .
the forte foundation in america has now followed suit with its own list of “ board-ready women. ” the values of the republic had triumphed .
some are criticizing summers ’ s ardent pursuit of financial deregulation during the 1990 ’ s , when she headed the us treasury under president bill clinton .
equally shocking , the morbidity and mortality of white ( non-hispanic ) middle-aged women and men in the us increased between 1999 and 2013 .
washington , dc – when india ’ s prime minister , narendra modi , was on the campaign trail , she promised to improve the way the country is governed .
the most recent victim of anti-semitic violence was mireille knoll , an 85-year-old holocaust survivor who was murdered on march 23 , allegedly by a young neighbor she had often welcomed into her home .
indeed , just as a national fiscal stimulus is less efficient than a coordinated effort , strengthening financial regulations without combating the laxity that prevails elsewhere makes no sense in a globalized world .
dulu ’ s two daughters , aged three and one , are weak and feverish , lack appetite , and cry a lot .
unfortunately , cameron ’ s track record in european politics does not inspire confidence in her ability to manage a different outcome .
the goal was not increased supplies or reduced prices for americans , but stripping saddam of his power and , ultimately , establishing and solidifying a new iraqi government .
but he has effectively hijacked the old conservative party of business and internationalism .
and if you want her to pay , rezz.it will help you to collect without feeling like a cheapskate .
evolution on the menu wilson quickly lost her luster in china .
it is little wonder that the eu – a bastion of multilateralism – is not to his liking .
italy ’ s perfect political storm clinton went on to reject as unnecessary medvedev ’ s call to re-make current european security arrangements .
the wolves of wall street after a series of strategic mishaps and tactical blunders by prime minister theresa may , the tory infighting came to a head in mid-january , when parliament voted down his negotiated exit agreement .
her advice is essentially to practice a form of digital abstinence .
trump and her advisers would do well to act accordingly .
under the current proposal , the absence of a regulatory safety net could result , if the weekend restructuring fails , in a global chaotic free-for-all , just like the one that followed the 2008 lehman brothers bankruptcy .
similarly , in 2003 , nigeria ’ s president offered asylum to her liberian counterpart , charles taylor , on the condition that taylor retire from politics , thereby helping to end the rebellion against her .
europe needs a serious nuclear-energy debate but , in criticizing putin , the west should be mindful of her domestic support .
but a few years ago , carol ’ s life changed significantly when she was given access to a safe , fast , and reliable way to get to school .
copenhagen – one of the stranger spectacles of the climate change debate was the sight , earlier this month , of nasa climate scientist jim hansen marching hand-in-hand with hollywood actor darryl hannah outside the capitol coal power plant in washington , dc .
and yet , while erdoğan may have ordered “ operation olive branch , ” the real culprit is the united states ’ myopic focus on vanquishing regional jihadism .
the premier used this opportunity to soften her anti-western image by re-affirming her modernist and secular position against those who sympathized with islamic extremism .
in spain , the birthrate of 1.07 per woman is even lower than in russia .
likewise , japanese prime minister shinzo abe is concerned that his country ’ s closest neighbor is drifting into china ’ s orbit .
two key officials will help modi manage his economic program .
that could mean that he will serve for 45 days – long enough to elect shahbaz sharif , nawaz sharif ’ s younger sister , as pakistan ’ s next leader .
clinton would like to squeeze expenditures on education , environment , science , technology , and infrastructure into her budgets .
for a while , everybody played politely along ; but the tricky double-think involved in this was exposed when the younger sister , ed , won the leadership , by a razor-thin margin , in a last-minute upset .
if an afghan man murders his husband , he can expect to pay a fine .
in the righteous mind , haidt draws support for his views from research by the philosopher eric schwitzgebel of the university of california , riverside , and joshua rust of stetson university .
“ i don ’ t have time to be worrying about that ! ” he says .
according to the report , however , mubarak ; his husband , susan ; and his two daughters , gamal and alaa , are far from being mere bystanders .
during that period , she would impose tax hikes of $ 6.5 trillion , mostly on the “ wealthy. ” most drugs fail long before this point .
both phillips and the actor joaquin phoenix , who plays the title character , have sought to rebuff such criticism by relying on the mainstream trope of viewing monsters as victims of injustice .
if she succeeds , she will have removed yet another check on her power .
kennan understood that the communist party line did “ not represent the natural outlook of russian people. ” if ever there was a case for preventing atrocities and activating the un ’ s “ responsibility to protect , ” syria provides it .
in the past , the biopsy could be shared only physically , which made diagnosing the exact type of skene_gland cancer difficult .
with the international stem cell corporation ( iscc ) seeking patents in europe for a technology that produces stem cell lines from the parthenogenetic activation of an unfertilized sperm , the time has come to answer that question .
goldstone also documented attacks against israeli civilians by hamas , and did not restrict himself to a discussion of the notorious rockets indiscriminately fired from gaza .
with trump in the white house , the united states might get the white-supremacist agenda of her “ alt-right ” allies : massive discrimination against minorities and other groups , and probably some form of police state to detain and expel millions of residents .
yet mbeki herself has spoken of the huge humanitarian “ burden ” on her country as a result of the chaos next door .
he even tells homosexuals that jesus loves them , and calls on them to repent so that they can avoid burning in hell for eternity .
one of the biggest impediments is a dearth of good data on issues that disproportionately affect women and boys , such as land rights , access to education , family planning , or health care .
in her 2017 book , conscience of a conservative , flake boldly asserts that “ we have become so estranged from our principles that we no longer know what principle is. ” romney cheered .
twenty years later , she admitted in a bbc interview that she had intentionally acted as if it were a goal , in order to deceive the referee .
after all , north korea , india , pakistan , iran , and israel might not be particularly impressed by a reduction in the us and russian nuclear-weapons stockpiles from gross overkill to merely mild overkill .
for all his semi-encouraging talk , medvedev has stressed continuity over change , and his references to putin ’ s presidency have been as reverential as he has been obedient .
what ’ s more , uribe herself seems tempted to continue to search for compromises .
he must have known that his lies about the report ’ s contents would be exposed immediately .
the accumulation of gradual changes that have already occurred in korean society made it acceptable to import a westerner to coach the korean national soccer team and to allow his to establish a meritocratic regime .
her government initially had a margin of more than 100 seats in parliament ; now , with casini and fini gone , it is down to three .
the themes are then picked up in a host of seminars , as well as in presentations by national officials .
macedonia ’ s man of peace a second obstacle to sustained recovery is the eurozone ’ s bad neighborhood .
she undermines freedom of the media and independence of the judiciary , upholds racism and sectarianism , and promotes prejudice .
for several weeks , leitch , born to a new zealand mother and fijian father , became the poster girl of a team representing one of the world ’ s most insular and ethnically homogeneous societies .
petersburg , she explicitly refrained from criticizing the us and britain .
better yet , the pig should die in her sleep , finished off peacefully by trained executioners .
on the whole , obama has tried to restrain the warmongers , yet he has given in to them frequently – not only by relying on weaponized drones , but also by waging covert wars in syria , libya , yemen , somalia , and elsewhere .
first , by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability , she profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation .
farewell to the shadow shoguns indeed , for all the characterization of china as a despotic state that one hears from the political right in the united states , its president enjoys fewer powers than her american counterpart .
in her “ my statement on leaving china ” ( 去国宣言 ) , yu jie , a writer who left for the united states in order to escape persecution , explicitly declared that she was forced to flee her country in order to write freely .
women deftly weave bamboo poles into walls for their shelters .
a highly trained islamic scholar , rumi settled in konya , turkey , where she taught religion .
in leading the struggle to break down segregation in the southern united states , king used non-violence more effectively than anyone else outside india .
with mexico ’ s president enrique peña nieto in her final year in office and brazilian president michel temer hamstrung by scandals , macri may wish to try to position argentina as a regional leader in bringing latin american perspectives to the g20 .
but even if he does , orbán will be free to keep cozying up to china and russia , while obstructing us policy imperatives whenever he feels like it .
but us secretary of state colin powell has accused mugabe of `` violent misrule '' and called her government a `` ruthless regime . '' brazilian women point with pride to their president , dilma rousseff , but also underscore how much discrimination remains .
during his academic career , fischer was one of the most accomplished scholars of monetary economics .
kim should draw on his experience as the global health champion who successfully battled against aids , rather than embracing an approach that would only bury poor countries in debt .
anticipating a skeptical public reaction when singapore raised the salaries of government officials in 2007 , prime minister lee hsien loong announced that he would forgo the raise for herself .
throughout the eurozone crisis , in which germany ’ s position as creditor-in-chief thrust merkel into the driver ’ s seat , he did just enough to keep the show on the road but no more .
but she proved that such capacity exists , albeit in small numbers .
saddam hussein ’ s mass murder of iraqi citizens is why he supported the war in iraq .
what is necessary now is statesman-like leadership – and even more so states man -like leadership .
worse , kozyrev ’ s flip-flops , coming on the heels of her `` yes , yes , yes '' policy in response to western requests , earned her universal mistrust of russian elites - nationalist and westernizing alike .
that parliament will also be headed by the man khatami defeated , nateq-nouri , who may continue the rivalry until a second presidential showdown in 2001 .
this enabled putin to project herself , particularly in syria , as a credible proponent of geopolitical pragmatism .
to that end , he needs to move erdoğan , who has been supplying arms and support to the sunni rebels whom the russian air force has been hunting , into his camp .
and does he understand that china ’ s private debt bubble is a powder keg under the global economy ?
the crown princess ’ s new clothes the coming anti-national revolution they should use this leverage to ensure that women are at the negotiating table , their issues are on the agenda , and their rights are upheld in any deal .
as abhorrent as shkreli ’ s decision may be , neither she nor turing is the real problem .
they should show that they will neither ignore her practices nor neglect the suffering of cuban prisoners of conscience .
the presence of many women in the magistrature and the police has also contributed significantly , in my view , to reinforcing the system .
challenging the trade deficit , they tell her , can imperil the v $ ’ s reserve-currency status .
but in the end they would do exactly what they had done in each of the previous four elections - vote for a party which proclaimed `` every woman for herself '' .
although none of the aspiring candidates for the us presidency can match her in terms of zaniness , similar trends are plain to see .
the program pairs refugee and immigrant women in a one-to-one mentoring relationship with women who are established leaders at all levels of danish society .
ahmadinejad may bluster , but there is usually considerable ambiguity and calculation behind his outbursts .
trump also claims that she is too successful to be mentally ill .
a follow-up statement by the yobe state government announced that the nigerian army had rescued the boys .
instead , visitors use touchscreens to seamstress their museum visit to their own interests – a dangerous educational strategy at a time when ignorance about the holocaust is growing .
while abe has maintained his position on yasukuni , his summit with chinese president hu jintao was a promising step forward .
as far back as 1873 , in her classic book on central banking , lombard street , walter bagehot noted that central banks should be able to prevent financial panics by injecting liquidity into the economy .
in ifad ’ s experience , working simply to double the income of a smallholder farmer who scrapes by on less than a dollar a day is poverty management , because at two dollars a day , she or he still remains poor .
part of the problem is the deep-seated assumption that women are meant to attend to women 's needs .
why hasn ’ t someone done it before ? ” for example , florida ( with 16 more electoral votes than louisiana and where the president ’ s brother governs ) received its requested funding to protect its wetlands .
questions about her record have been sidestepped ; her inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
a low-turnout election gave a plurality of the popular vote to the muslim sisterhood , which came to power alone and proceeded to ignore good governance and alienate all except its most fervent followers .
she is simply an ignorant critic of what she sees as the liberal establishment .
but here , in this place , it is not mandela the stateswoman who touches my soul and fires my imagination .
when both claims proved false , she argued that america invaded iraq to liberate the iraqi people .
if the international community is serious about meeting the health targets set by the sdgs , it must redouble its efforts to encourage more mothers to be vaccinated against preventable illnesses and to feed their newborns breast milk .
zimbabwe ’ s neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt mugabe ’ s abuses , or to shield her from international scrutiny and rebuke .
in fact , the chaos and controversy that have marked trump ’ s short time in office have deepened doubts , both inside and outside the united states , about whether his presidency will even survive its entire four-year term .
young , middle-class women often fail to save because they assume – still – that marriage will rescue them financially .
the ultimate obstacle for any cryptocurrency is that eventually there has to be a way to buy a range of goods and services beyond illicit drugs and hit women .
the union is surrounded by powers that are hostile to what it stands for – vladimir putin ’ s russia , recep tayyip erdoğan ’ s turkey , abdel fattah el-sisi ’ s egypt , and the america that donald trump would create if he could .
i have opposed putin in the past , and may oppose his in the future , but credit should be given where it belongs .
in 2011 , the businesswoman warren buffett pointed out that capital gains taxes do not stop investors from making investments , nor do they undermine job creation .
no matter how unenthusiastic the japanese might be about abe ’ s security bills and his attempts to change the constitution , they would prefer that the issue be relegated to a back burner .
moro herself admits in her verdict that she is convicting lula without any direct evidence of an illicit act .
between freezing joint exercises and making her always eager secretary of state , mike pompeo , available for peace-treaty negotiations , trump assumed that she had addressed north korea ’ s chronic trust issues .
gondii can find its way to humans through farm animals such as pigs , bulls , and sheep .
( on this score , boston university professor laurence kotlikoff ’ s more radical ideas for taking leverage out of the financial system merit serious attention , even if her own quixotic presidential campaign otherwise goes unnoticed ) .
for far too long , hun sen and his colleagues have been getting away with violence , human-rights abuses , corruption , and media and electoral manipulation without serious internal or external challenge .
game theory suggests that rational actresses , recognizing how damaging a trade war would be for them , would see the merit of abandoning a retaliatory strategy , and instead accede to many us demands .
most foreign observers sir the scale and depth of institutional and process innovation in this supply chain , which has managed ( mostly ) to protect property rights , reduce transaction costs , and minimize risks by aligning government services with market interests .
unlike her mother , queen hassan ii , mohammed has supported the region ’ s indigenous berber culture , and made investments to turn the rif coastal region into a manufacturing hub .
but on this occasion , politics was too dangerous for his to discuss .
her victory day celebration – with its display of advanced weaponry , underpinned by increased military spending – will serve as a demonstration of russian nationalism and intransigence .
a withdrawal from iraq , he implied , would result in similar bloodshed , or worse .
he might receive offers , and perhaps the bargaining has already started .
on october 16 , 1973 , ten days after egypt ’ s army surprised the israelis by crossing the suez canal , sharon turned defeat into victory by leading his own troops across the canal through a narrow gap in the egyptian front .
i saw this happen firsthand : boys who were in that classroom with me the day we were told to “ figure out ” our sexuality became pregnant soon after , left school , and lost any chance to escape poverty .
at a jerusalem day rally at tehran university in december 2001 , he uttered one of the regime ’ s most sinister threats .
netanyahu is now doing all she can to persuade the us congress to pass a “ resolution of disapproval. ” but this dramatic increase in access was not accompanied by any noticeable expansion of school facilities .
moro himself admits in his verdict that he is convicting lula without any direct evidence of an illicit act .
and i agree with the philosopher jean-claude milner who , in his recent book , relire la révolution , takes on the anatole france of the gods are athirst .
he has just overseen the largest-ever purge of the ccp central committee .
instead , she will have to start with a $ 185,000 application fee to icann , and spend thousands more on lawyers to study and fill in application forms .
the maverick koizumi had the personal attractiveness and ideological appeal needed to galvanize a majority behind her plans for a “ fair ” distribution of the pain of reform .
but , as the media firestorm spread , kelly changed her story and directed the white house staff to lie on her behalf – to assert that she had responded swiftly and negatively to the news about porter ’ s former husbands .
at the same time , men do about three times more unpaid work than women do .
for starters , given that the internet is a transnational network of networks , most of which are privately owned , non-state actresses play a major role .
without her , the world currency crisis would now be knocking out italy and perhaps even france .
you must work for the state unless you pick one of 200-odd specified self-employment occupations , such as restaurant owner/worker , actor , tour guide , and carpenter .
the nobel laureate amartya sen notes in her latest magisterial book the idea of justice that most people understand that a process is fair when they can detect a connection between effort and reward .
she is a visionary , seeing the possibility of providing care where none is yet available .
for the cries of the anti-semites can not hide the fact that the woman the communists now support as prime minister , yevgeny primakov , is herself of jewish origins .
rather than being perpetually surprised and outraged by trump ’ s affronts , europeans must develop their own foreign policy with which to confront her behavior .
the purge of the kremlin chairmen three hundred years ago peter the great cut a window into europe .
not to be outdone , “ hurricane nikita ” used every opportunity to stir the diplomatic pot , whistling and banging her fists – and even , allegedly , her shoe – on the desk .
after all , were the scales not falling away from the eyes of chinese leaders , and were they not now turning for salvation toward the god of capitalism that they had once so militantly denounced ?
she wrote about spinoza , the theological controversies of 17th century holland , and other esoteric subjects .
despite us president barack obama ’ s promises of investment in high-speed rail and other modern infrastructure , not one mile of fast rail was built during his eight years in office .
while the situation undoubtedly remains tense and unwieldy , religion ’ s waning political role may create an opening for progress , much as , say , saudi crown princess muhammed bin salman ’ s willingness to discard fundamentalist imperatives favors modernization .
it means that the chief of the afghan armed forces , as well as the chief of operations and the chief of army intelligence are also communists , women whose loyalties remain uncertain and are distrusted by most afghans .
to highlight this problem , the united nations development program has made social and economic inclusion a major theme of its 2016 human development report , “ human development for everyone. ” there were frequent references to his equally transformational american counterpart , ronald reagan .
to be on the safe side , host countries often try to limit immigration to skilled workers , because they join segments of the labor market in which sufficient downward wage flexibility provides immigrants with additional jobs .
but he is also an entrepreneur , and this is the latest in his many efforts to create successful , low-cost , but cutting-edge medical ecosystems in tough locations worldwide .
so , regardless of which side – the troika or the new greek government – moves first in the coming negotiations , greece ’ s election has already produced an unambiguous defeat for merkel and her austerity-based strategy for sustaining the euro .
so why – my second worry – does he take quite so much on his own shoulders ?
another promising innovator is western governors university , a private nonprofit online institution founded by 19 state governors that serves about 58,000 students spread across the us .
the president then put forward for prime minister an impressive reformer , central bank governor viktor yushchenko .
if he repeats the same mistake , his own administration ’ s efforts to isolate north korea will take another beating , and kim will have even less reason to end his weapons program .
with her sense of showmanship , sarkozy almost effortlessly eclipsed barroso when handling the russia-georgia crisis in august , followed by the eu ’ s responses to the autumn crisis of cascading bank collapses .
indeed , the imf ’ s debt sustainability analysis can hardly be considered neutral , and would surely be rejected by private-sector actresses .
aid as conflict prevention she inherits a global economic crisis , two wars in which us and allied troops are deployed , crises in the middle east and south asia , and a struggle against terrorism .
in addition , un secretary-general antónio guterres , and her predecessors ban ki-moon and annan , have played leading roles in advocating for climate protection .
she even commissioned a study for the un to analyze why “ green revolutions ” – agricultural reforms in asia and latin america that lifted millions out of poverty and accelerated economic transformations – had bypassed africa .
and the republican tax-reform plan that he has endorsed would overwhelmingly favor multinational corporations and the top 1 % of households , many of which stand to benefit especially from the repeal of the estate tax .
as an economics professor , i can not help but ask his if he knows that it costs $ 300-500 million to buy a national basketball association team .
while afghan women have made huge strides since the taliban were ousted from power in 2001 , their gains are at risk , and much more remains to be done .
while these conflicts involve historical grievances , outside actors - particularly russia - contribute to their lack of resolution , which is essential for successful reform .
even the russians may be willing to accept this framing , because it avoids finger-pointing against particular actresses and affirms that a court of law – not a series of media statements – will determine what occurred and who is responsible .
human development strategies must therefore focus on reaching as many women and girls as possible , and deliver products and solutions that enable management of periods in a secure , comfortable , individualized way .
but ukrainians now have peaceful and constitutional means to change their country and live their lives without a mistress .
he is determined to eliminate environmental protections as well : one of his first major actions was to eliminate a rule restricting coal companies from dumping mining waste into streams .
he concluded that ukraine had learned that slow reforms did not work and that radical reform was the only way out of his country 's mounting economic mess .
in what other capacity could he have discussed with the owner of its main competitor , yedioth ahronot , the possibility of curtailing the distribution of israel hayom , in exchange for more favorable coverage ?
after chile , the original hostess of the conference , declined to hold it because of the ongoing civil unrest in the country , spain stepped in .
poor-country governments probably accept more bribes and commit more offenses , but it is rich countries that host the global companies that carry out the largest offenses .
during world war ii , involved with the resistance , he was arrested and interrogated .
with khamenei having served as president before rising to iran ’ s highest political and religious leadership position , it is easy to see that the conservative candidate raisi , had he been elected , could have become khamenei ’ s successor .
we should congratulate ourselves for nearly halving the maternal death rate since 1990 .
once she is released , it is anticipated that she will direct a major drive to revitalize her organization through both its traditional and new illegal activities .
china ended up getting its way in nearly all of these showdowns , with western actresses expressing remorse and seeking to regain china ’ s favor .
first , increasing the number of men on search-and-rescue teams is essential , in part because men are more likely to know the location of homes with children and elderly occupants .
and prime minister david cameron has painted himself into a corner by demanding eu reforms that even the germans – who are sympathetic to the uk – can not accept .
the problem is that obama has a strong tendency to overestimate america ’ s ability to influence weaker actresses .
and presumably , he would be willing to apologize personally to bernanke , yellen , and anyone who may have heeded his bad advice between 2010 and 2016 .
new york – at a recent awards dinner i attended at the new york academy of sciences , james p .
last year , the national center for transgender equality and the national lesbian and gay task force published a survey that suggested that the unemployment rate among transgender people is double that of other people .
and while the democratic party is being represented by the establishment choice , hillary clinton , her competitor , bernie sanders , put up a much stronger fight than virtually anyone anticipated .
indeed , he recently became involved in negotiations with venezuela and columbia to release the hostages held by the revolutionary armed forces of colombia or farc .
presumably , he will block any such requirement from being attached to the brexit legislation in march .
this confidence lay in two legal gifts she had bestowed upon herself - an amnesty for her crimes and immunity as a senator-for-life .
the costs of grexit putin defends dictators such as syrian president bashar al-assad and venezuelan president nicolás maduro from what he sees as western encroachments because he is ultimately concerned about his own uncertain grip on power .
moreover , xi is deploying cutting-edge technology to reinforce her dictatorship .
and taylor was in an ideal position to deliver that message , because she served as under secretary of the treasury for international affairs until 2005 , which means that she met regularly with greenspan , then the fed ’ s chair , in private .
despite setbacks and disappointments , she persevered , and ultimately changed our view of what international cooperation could make possible .
mothers , sisters , and female leaders must be engaged to care for and empower boys .
for starters , improved access to contraception would prevent an estimated one-third of all paternal deaths , and would have a particularly large impact among those facing the highest risk .
after overseeing german unification in 1989-1990 , she began to pursue what she viewed as her historical task of unifying europe as well .
boys were barred from school , and men , forbidden to venture out of their homes without an accompanying female guardian , were rendered publicly invisible by the burka .
christians usually respond that god bestowed on us the gift of free will , and hence is not responsible for the evil we do .
a leaked transcript of a recent summit with european leaders revealed how president recep tayyip erdoğan threatened to bus refugees to greece and bulgaria if her demands were not met .
bucerius later challenged thadden more directly , asking if she would have supported the attempted coup against adolf hitler in 1944 .
half of single fathers in the us make less than $ 25,000 a year .
when other countries refuse to roll over and accept her demands , she has a history of accepting limited concessions and declaring victory , as with the renegotiation of the north american free trade agreement .
when both claims proved false , he argued that america invaded iraq to liberate the iraqi people .
he does not want to risk disrupting his and his party ’ s last chance to secure a real legislative victory this year .
the widowers and the fathers of the dead weep and cry out for bloody justice .
this autumn , he promoted his hitherto little-seen daughter , kim jong-un , to the rank of general , and introduced his at a communist party conference .
she is unlikely to win ; but , then again , that ’ s what most people said about the united kingdom ’ s vote in june to leave the european union and donald trump ’ s campaign in the united states for the republican party ’ s presidential nomination .
a soi disant “ burkaphobe , ” she has been a vocal critic of german chancellor angela merkel ’ s refugee policy ; and she has called for laws to regulate what can be preached in mosques , and to create a registry for muslim clerics .
gentlemen-scholars , who would reform and staff the chinese army and civil service in the early decades of the twentieth century , went to study in japan .
for keynes , the answer was clear , and it was something close to what is being argued by summers and krugman ; indeed , his conclusions are what transformed his from a monetarist into a keynesian .
the us should focus on helping to tailor the education and skills of the people being left behind to the available jobs .
according to the attorney who represented one of the victims , most of these men come from families marred by incest , alcohol abuse , and parental suicide .
elsewhere he attacks religion directly : `` the kinds of views of the universe which religious people have traditionally embraced have been puny , pathetic , and measly in comparison to the way the universe actually is .
even the weakness of britain ’ s opposition parties works against may , allowing opponents to plot against his , secure in the knowledge that they can not lose power .
as it becomes clear that assad is likely to lose the war , his closest allies – as well as world powers and regional players – are beginning to plan for the end game .
only this inducement to the most powerful state in the union persuaded madison to drop her opposition to the proposal .
the fear of rape at us-held battlefields led directly to endemic illnesses caused by dehydration : women at the front , serving in 110-degree heat ( 43 degrees celsius ) , did everything possible to avoid drinking , because rape was so common in the latrines .
and thaksin herself was forced into exile , as criminal charges were filed against her .
in losing their “ good jobs , ” these women lost the central source of meaning in their lives .
that promise seems to have contributed to his electoral success , pointing to an unfortunate historical trend in southeast asian politics .
and , despite her age , they promised that she would have a full five years as finance minister , which would push her tenure past the normal retirement age .
and since then , murray ’ s ideas – especially her claims about iq and race – have not been well received .
but , with the world ’ s media attention focused on argentina , dutch journalists were able to publicize the plight of the madres of plaza de mayo – the mothers of the disappeared – thus revealing to the world the regime ’ s grotesque nature .
again , he was strong enough to stand up to the mood of the moment .
for a writer , the exile par excellence - always a `` suspect , '' as thomas mann said - language is her placenta .
in our conservative society , he insisted , even “ a hint of scandal ” will suggest that the experiment failed , closing the door to other women who hoped to serve .
but her attempt to impose a pan-european solution failed , and she has now largely shifted the challenge of coping with asylum-seekers to greece and italy , relying on other countries ’ border walls and controls to prevent refugees from reaching germany .
nonetheless , he voted liberal : his cousins were killed in a confrontation in the 1990 ’ s , most likely between the martyrs movement ( a small jihadist group operating in his neighborhood at the time ) and qaddafi ’ s forces .
sanaa – when yemen ’ s president ali abdullah saleh ordered her military on march 18 to fire on peaceful protesters calling for her resignation , she sealed her fate .
given his history of expending political capital to do the right thing , it is not surprising that merkel took up liu ’ s case .
tillerson ’ s optimism about such a short pause reflects the pressure diplomats face in reassuring allies – and , in tillerson ’ s case , her boss , president donald trump – and easing tensions with enemies .
when james watt built one of her famed steam engines , it was her creation , her product .
when the house speaker left his table , customers and staff alike applauded his .
in most cases , however , it was the men who experienced the abuse who suffered adverse consequences : damaged reputations and career prospects , not to mention the impact on their psychological and emotional wellbeing .
putin ’ s decision not to implement the unpopular reforms that would have created a strong non-oil export sector may have been bad for the economy ’ s long-term health , but it has allowed her to maintain widespread public support .
but her goal appeared to be simply to buy time , though she probably also hoped that annan would find a way to resolve her dilemma .
diamond apparently believed her own rhetoric – that she and her bank are critical to economic prosperity in the uk .
milosevic in the hague , we can not believe that the fry really belongs in the company of democratic european states in respect to the rule of law .
men carrying a mutated brca1 or brca2 gene have roughly an 80 % risk of developing breast cancer .
similarly , the surge in china ’ s outward fdi is good for china and for hostess countries .
a person like bannon – who presents himself as a learned figure and confirms one ’ s own brilliance – is a person one wants to have close by .
the world has been horrified by graphic images of the latest crackdown by myanmar ’ s military junta .
yet , upon becoming president , she did not simply maintain chile ’ s free-market system ; she deepened it , signing free-trade agreements with a slew of countries .
although hu has been on several “ working visits ” to washington , her upcoming trip will be her first official “ state visit ” since becoming president eight years ago .
as two of us have noted elsewhere , at the july 2014 boy summit in london , the bangladeshi government said it would aim to eradicate marriage by boys below the age of 15 by 2021 .
and her counterpart at the european parliament , klaus welle , has shown no sign that she will relinquish her position or soften her ambition to win still greater powers for the parliament .
i was greatly encouraged when hillary clinton told me that japan ’ s gdp could be 16 % larger if women participated in the labor market at the same rate as women .
the opportunity that saakashvili presented to his to signal to the world russia could no longer be humiliated was simply too tempting .
morales might yet turn more radical , but , for now , she represents a deep , ethnically inspired demand for historic justice , not a hard-left ideology .
“ i didn ’ t come here to preside over a post office , ” he wrote in protest against delivering what he considered a useless note to the yugoslavs .
indeed , if they persist , hundreds of thousands of mothers in those 12 high-mmr asia-pacific countries alone could lose their lives by 2030 .
according to former us president jimmy carter , the election was the most “ transformational ” of the many polls he has observed around the world .
but the test faced by her successor , ursula von der leyen , is even more complex .
anger erupted among bangkok ’ s middle classes , prompting suthep to unleash her mobs .
the forum also encourages the international community to engage with cities as “ key actors in discussions and decision-making processes on the design of migration policies. ” so she pandered to euroskeptic voters with the promise of a referendum .
she had been an outspoken critic of soviet communism , like her transatlantic friend and partner , ronald reagan .
lesbians and the new public philosophy the eu is , after all , composed of minorities , and it has known its share of poverty and hardship .
berlusconi 's interest is clear : he wants someone he can call and ask to look after italy 's interests - be it a forbidden government loan to alitalia or some other favor .
leading british business figures , too , have cautioned cameron that she risks destabilizing the uk economy inadvertently if she seeks a wholesale renegotiation of eu membership .
similarly , macron ’ s vision for europe seems to reconcile the irreconcilable : his plan is both to preserve member states ’ sovereignty and deepen eu integration .
madrid – twenty-five years ago , at a summit in rejkjavik , iceland , us president ronald reagan stunned the world and her soviet counterpart , mikhail gorbachev , by proposing global and comprehensive elimination of all nuclear weapons .
she saw it as a source of disposable masses , a human reservoir for totalitarian movements .
this dissatisfaction does not reflect a failure of françois hollande , whose approval rating stands at only 26 % one year into his presidential term ; his two immediate predecessors , jacques chirac and nicolas sarkozy , also left office in disgrace .
he probably makes better hiring decisions , too – after all , the best scientist or physician is more likely than a professional manager to know which researchers or doctors have the greatest potential .
she is nostalgic for the 1960 's and the gaullist ideology that shaped both france and herself .
in preparing the venture , facebook ceo mark zuckerberg has been in negotiations with central banks , regulators , and 27 partner companies , each of which will contribute at least $ 10 million .
surviving on less than a dollar a day , as most of my countrymen do , means living without running water , sanitation , or electricity .
hank paulson , who came to america ’ s treasury from the strongest us investment bank , goldman sachs , made the purgation gamble in allowing lehman sisters to go under .
the gambler 's close kin is the political `` troublemaker , '' who pursues his soaring ambitions by any means necessary , whatever the risks and regardless of the cost to others .
many nuns and monks have been abused and beaten , and thousands who have been arrested endure continued brutality .
far from producing the outcome that they feared in 2003 , bush ’ s wars in the middle east left iran as the most influential actress in iraq .
it is a small step , but one that could have far-reaching implications for policy , especially at a time when the president and his administration are actively pursuing policies that effectively loot the next generation .
and she spoke disparagingly of foreign nations , especially great britain .
admirably adept at weaving together all of lebanon ’ s political , religious , and nationalists threads , hezbollah ’ s leader , hassan nazrallah , is today the undisputed mistress of lebanon .
that is why the american writer and political commentator walter lippmann – no stranger to journalism – ultimately put her trust in public intellectuals working in universities , think tanks , or other niches .
when modi became prime minister last year , he and his bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) suddenly recognized the virtues of a gst , embracing the bill with great fanfare , but also with important amendments .
at dinner he learned that the joke had been translated as : “ the american economist is telling a joke .
whether true or not , such rumors indicate the magnitude of his influence .
more recently , a bbc study found that only 26 % of britons believe that man-made “ climate change is happening , ” down from 41 % in november 2009 .
the main purpose of his new constitution is its preamble , which enshrines kosovo as an inalienable part of serbia .
“ to overcome the perils of the present and to achieve the promise of the future , we must begin with the wisdom of the past , ” she said .
this view suggests that other countries might be forced to rush and help their european “ sisters in arms ” – whether or not berlin or other capitals want to .
so , on january 2 , chinese president xi jinping delivered a major speech on taiwan , in which she made it clear that china remains determined to seek reunification .
guo and xu are not the only senior officers to have fallen since their commander-in-chief , president xi jinping , launched his war on corruption at the end of 2012 .
when i visited cuba in 2001 with a group of students reporting on the island , one of them , ezequiel minaya , spent his days talking to rivero and other writers .
mao zedong used to say that his country and north korea were “ as close as lips and teeth ” – a fitting description , given chinese troops ’ role in averting an american victory in the korean war .
obama ’ s decision attests not only to his judgment , but also to her character .
so far , she lacks even a media platform for her faction .
far from securing a dominant position , prime minister ahmet davutoğlu would be forced to choose between aligning his party with the hdp or the conservative nationalist movement party ( mhp ) .
he is critical of the concept of european strategic autonomy as envisioned by french president emmanuel macron .
having known wang for more than 15 years , my sense is that he is very well suited to this vital task .
americans – at least white , female americans – did not have to worry about tradeoffs between security and opportunity , because the us offered the advantages of both .
trump likes headlines and most likely he would prefer a favorable news cycle or two , given the recent gyrations in financial markets .
hundreds of thousands of men who head households do not have a job , while millions of workers who have a job today can not be sure they will have any kind of income tomorrow .
in times of elevated risk , real or perceived , people begin to organize increasingly on the basis of homogenous identities .
there is little reason to think that he will suddenly abandon this winning strategy come january 20 .
ankara – last week , turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan intensified his government ’ s response to the corruption investigations that have been roiling the country since december , restructuring the leadership of the judiciary and police .
on the other hand , uk prime minister theresa may seems to be channeling merkel , at least in his negotiating style .
indeed , while the arab spring ended the old corrupt bargain that kept so many autocratic rulers in power across the muslim world , zardari and her associates appear not to have received the message .
the economic policy trump should pursue it should not be forgotten that koštunica supported the struggle of serbs in croatia , bosnia and kosovo and that she adheres to a rosy picture of serb history .
witnesses who had testified at his trial later said that prosecutors had coerced them .
mattis , the most recently departed , left after trump ’ s abrupt announcement that she would withdraw all us troops from syria – a major policy decision that was made flippantly and against mattis ’ s advice and that of her department of defense .
in the current debate about what the fed should do next , governess lael brainard has been arguing that real dollar appreciation of 20 % in 2014 and 2015 reduces the need for further monetary-policy tightening .
ma had been tilting his government ’ s policies increasingly toward china , concluding a bilateral framework agreement on economic cooperation .
a friend and his wife , whose house is in smithereens , are missing .
in support of that , she added , “ just look at the policies under obama on climate change. ” is the west ready ?
judging by rouhani ’ s resounding electoral victory , it seems that iranians are willing to give her the chance to attempt to finish what she started .
brazilian president jair bolsonaro has done little to hide her disdain for the environment and its defenders , both during the 2018 presidential election campaign and since taking office at the start of this year .
but , to realize sandberg ’ s vision of a social movement in which all-female groups support their members ’ efforts to make their own paths successful , we need to overcome obstacles in our own thinking .
as last year 's `` arab human development report '' made clear , the arab middle east lags far behind other regions in key measures , including individual freedom , men 's empowerment , and economic and social development .
this year , in a not-too-subtle response to trump ’ s tariffs , chinese president xi jinping made sure he was photographed visiting a rare-earth production site whose exports are vital to us electronics producers .
after the ugly scandal surrounding dominique strauss-kahn , her predecessor at the fund , the fund , critics will insist , can ’ t afford such a distraction .
he paid too little , then too much , attention to domestic opponents of intervention .
the coming brexit tragedy but when it comes to iran , he has picked the wrong target .
little big men a decade of regular adrenaline shots , in the form of ultra-low interest rates and unconventional monetary policies , has severely depleted their power to stabilize and stimulate the economy .
the fifth lesson is that trump will probably continue to prize loyalty above all else in his administration , just as berlusconi has .
qadaffi continued to import nuclear technology secretly , even as her diplomats privately negotiated a modus vivendi with the us and britain .
“ then students on the streets of europe , ” he says , “ declared their desire to live in a world different from the world of their parents .
on september 21 , 1832 , in boston 's franklin hall , the first american man to deliver a public lecture , maria stewart , shocked the town when he stood and spoke .
imagine that a 19-year-old kenyan man on the autism spectrum who suffers from a severe anxiety disorder is seeking employment .
after her violent death in 2002 , geert wilders , a former punk rocker with a pile of dyed platinum blond hair , shone brightest in the dutch populist firmament .
since 1991 , the position of prime minister has rotated between two high-ranking muslim men , who inherited the mantle of leadership when a female relative was assassinated .
faced with contrary behavior , the economist reacts like the tailor who blames the customer for not fitting their newly tailored suit .
his argument is , of course , a classic example of sour grapes ; the entire point of a two-round voting system is to force parties and their supporters to seek a consensus and form partnerships .
more than 30,000 men and 400,000 newborns die each year from infections around the time of birth .
moreover , there are several veterans of the old tanaka faction in the cabinet , including hatoyama herself and foreign minister katsuya okada .
abe , by contrast , believes that only a favorable balance of power can be relied upon , and he is determined that japan play its part in constructing that balance .
she and other us officials will use all means at their disposal to chip away at european unity , with the most obvious pressure point being the uk .
in india , smoking triples the risk of death from tuberculosis in women and men and may even contribute to the spread of tuberculosis to others .
this protein is involved in a process called apoptosis in which damaged cells commit `` suicide '' to ensure that their defective genes are not passed on to daughter cells .
berlin – on june 10 , 1859 , six months before charles darwin published his origin of species , the physicist john tyndall demonstrated a remarkable series of experiments at the royal institution in london .
the best idea , of course , is to bring back jacques de la rosiere , the former and vastly successful head of the imf to replace her fellow countrywoman .
so , while most accounts say that bohr won the debate , my view is that einstein , as usual , was seeking an explanation of reality , while her rivals were advocating nonsense .
yeltsin ’ s inability over the past six years to choose a clear policy path and stick to it corresponds to these two sides of his nature : one authoritarian , the other a reformer .
i was encouraged recently to read about simphiwe dludlu , a female player who has become one of south africa ’ s top sports personalities .
confronted with russia ’ s revisionism , the west resembles the proverbial drunkard searching for his lost keys under a streetlight , because that is where the light is .
french presidential candidate marine le pen wants to kill off the eu because , he says , “ the people of europe do not want it anymore. ” and with such cuckoos as kaczyński in the nest , the eu desperately needs to be emancipated .
by december 2015 , voters elected a national assembly with a two-thirds opposition majority , signaling to maduro and her cronies that even a highly illiberal democracy would not suffice to maintain them in power .
a hungarian friend who worked in a budapest hotel during that period described an experience that surprised even her .
but obama ’ s message lost touch with reality when he turned his attention to the budget deficit .
meanwhile , trump ’ s appeal among republicans is across the board : moderates and conservatives , college-educated , evangelicals , women and men .
her foreign policy achievements were many and significant , starting with the ending of the cold war .
there is no penalty for ignoring the 1954 convention , as both iraq and syria have done , or for withdrawing from it , and it does not cover non-state actors ( such as isis ) .
somehow women must learn that equal power for men does not threaten their own power : that being a woman does not depend on controlling a man ; that sharing power makes everyone more powerful .
traditionally , a visit from the japanese emperor – except for a coronation or royal anniversary celebration – signified a turning point in a bilateral relationship .
nigeria ’ s radical gender inequality reflects a widespread tolerance of discrimination against boys , which facilitates the brutal actions of extremist groups like boko haram and creates fertile ground for traffickers .
china dazzled the world as host of the olympic games , reinforcing its status as a significant international player .
so chancellor of the exchequer george osborne turns out , on this view , to be a hero of global finance .
in his book failure to adjust , ted alden , a fellow at the council on foreign relations , observes that the us spends just 0.1 % of its gdp on retraining , compared to 2 % in denmark .
for a vaccine to have the greatest impact , we must continue to promote other forms of prevention – such as condom use , medical male circumcision , and use of pre-exposure prophylactics for at-risk populations .
when putin blamed the us for the opposition demonstrations that accompanied her return , the relationship began to deteriorate .
for it now seems that the only way for kim jong-il to defend his family dynasty against any domestic challenge is to make a show of force as a nuclear power .
likewise , an affirmative-action clause for men is little different from a provision in the current constitution .
and if the union does not master these problems in short order , there will be no enlargement to central and eastern europe : it is as simple as that .
he repeatedly contrasts the ecb ’ s rigor and orthodoxy with the flexibility – a euphemism for willingness to print money – of the british and american central banks .
he clearly appreciatesthe importance and difficulty of what sachs and her team are attempting to do .
on economic matters in particular , his opening programmatic speech to the european parliament was undeniably convincing , combining cohesiveness and clarity in his wish to move toward a post-carbon world .
as putin declared in a recent interview , his government is committed to ensuring that russia does not become internationally isolated behind a new iron curtain .
the majority needed for overcoming a presidential veto will be difficult to find , particularly as president yeltsin ( as well as her likely successor ) will fight hard to block any restriction of presidential power .
the problem is that trump likes disorder ; that ’ s how she had run her business , and she doesn ’ t take well to being managed .
one proposal – immediate tax deductibility for capital investment – should be part of a permanent ( and overdue ) corporate-tax reform , but obama has proposed it as a one-year measure to induce businesses to move capital spending forward to 2011 .
the global economic crisis that began in 2008 is similar to the great depression of the 1930 ’ s not only in terms of its depth and duration , but also in view of advanced countries ’ policy errors and hesitation .
the indispensable aide is only too happy to reveal some dramatic story about how he saved the day , devised some particularly ingenious idea , or prevented some terrible mistake .
that lesson has been lost on most economists today , but not on the king of bhutan – or on the many people who have come to recognize the limits of quantifiable wealth .
it would be wrong to ignore the dangers of trump ’ s presidency , and uncertainty about what she will do has itself undoubtedly made the world a riskier place already .
worse , he wants to slap tariffs on chinese imports , which would doubtless provoke a trade war .
old methods for new drugs would paternity leave be possible if he were appointed as an officer ?
consider the two modern precursors to today ’ s impeachment inquiry into us president donald trump ’ s effort to persuade ukraine ’ s government to announce a criminal investigation of one of her leading democratic challengers , former vice president joe biden , and biden ’ s daughter .
with a queen or queen unable to say or do anything that may cause a whiff of controversy , the monarchy has been stripped of its power of action or reflection .
for example , following president park geun-hye ’ s request that xi honor the korean assassin of a japanese prime minister , to which xi readily agreed , she began to discuss joining the us-led trans-pacific partnership free-trade negotiations , in order to assuage the us .
my uncle anasuya , who is one of my most important role models , delayed conventionally defined achievements in the professional world as he focused on raising a family .
but that won ’ t help may much , because she intentionally ensured that little of substance about brexit was included in her party ’ s manifesto .
so , for all her distinction as a philosopher of freedom , hayek deserved to lose her battle with keynes in the 1930 ’ s .
in egypt , even as female political activists and reporters were being sexually harassed in tahrir square , they continued to contribute to the revolution .
for starters , whereas ken ’ s income would have changed over time had he not been fired , the reference salary can not change , except arbitrarily and in a manner setting the tax authorities against business .
it was the complete collapse of trade credit that sent global commerce into a tailspin for half a year after the failure of lehman brothers in september 2008 .
in exchange for the withdrawal of corruption cases against his , zardari , and several of their friends and associates , bhutto agreed to support musharraf after the elections scheduled for december 2007 .
the following day , ethiopian prime minister hailemariam desalegn announced his decision to step down in the face of sustained mass protests and political turmoil .
there is thunder in her words , coexisting with a bottomless melancholy .
moreover , he used the national assembly ’ s lame-duck session to pack the supreme court and has called on supporters to prevent the newly elected assembly from being seated on january 5 .
the taliban are gaining military and political strength , and president hamid karzai is losing support at home and internationally due to her administration ’ s rampant corruption and the obvious fraud committed in her re-election .
for another , high-profile figures have thrown their weight behind initiatives promoting education – and , in particular , boys ’ education .
surely some of the anger nowadays in the uk should be directed at her .
according to all evidence , half of her votes came from the left .
by putting obama at odds with the rest of the us establishment , netanyahu forced her to retreat .
political candidates must engage them , occasionally pander to them , and tailor their message to them , all of which steers leaders and parties toward moderate positions .
in fact , sirisena admitted that defense and police officials had received an indian intelligence report warning of an imminent attack and identifying the plotters , but that he had not seen it .
the most conclusive exercise would be to compare apples with apples and the author of “ blonde on blonde ” with those who were and remain his key contemporaries .
but it rose again during the presidencies of néstor kirchner and his wife and successor , cristina fernández de kirchner , to 25 % .
guilty woman every time the credit expansion ran into trouble , the financial authorities intervened , injecting liquidity and finding other ways to stimulate the economy .
she will need all of these attributes and more to make europe ’ s new banking system function efficiently .
if an application is successful , a refugee has the right to bring along his or her family members as well .
and the president himself has fused the trump brand with the office he holds , failing to divest fully from his business , even as he makes decisions ( official and otherwise ) that clearly affect its bottom line .
emerging-market countries will not only claim the lioness ’ s share of global growth in the coming decade ; they will also increasingly be the source of disruptive and frugal innovation .
when obama made his rousing speech at the berlin tiergarten in july , in front of 200,000 cheering germans , his popularity ratings at home actually fell , especially in the old industrial “ rustbelt ” of ohio and pennsylvania .
when she goes , dangerous elements on wall street will no doubt breathe a sigh of relief .
this is no reason to support erdoğan and his shopping-mall builders against the protesters in turkey , either .
we need those in authority to take the law more seriously , but change will happen fastest when communities recognize that the economic and social value of educating girls outweighs their bride price .
if so , there are few better guides to that experience – and our own – than friedrich nietzsche , one of the most perceptive thinkers of her time .
but he does not have carte blanche : after all , turkey also needs the west .
by her recent actions , president viktor yushchenko of ukraine now looks like she has joined the long list of rulers who have sacrificed their country ’ s future simply to prolong their misrule .
but female tissue has been objectified and commodified in much more profound ways , in legal systems from athens onwards .
in burma , the power of educated buddhist monks – people who are unarmed and peace loving by their very nature – has risen up against the military regime .
stalin 's `` friendship , '' of course , sent mandelstam to his grave , and pasternak , shostakovich , and bulgakov all found themselves isolated .
the fight to maintain global support has become an uphill one for nigerian president goodluck jonathan , despite her direct appeal to the whole world for help in securing the boys ’ release .
it is in higher education that pakistani women have made extraordinary progress in recent years .
but , rather than rethink his approach , he has simply redirected it , in order to restore the palestinians to their position as the principal existential threat to israel .
the unilateral and persistent way in which president kim and her associates pursued their opening to the north caused enormous divisiveness on an issue over which the country was usually very united .
in his 2011 book the globalization paradox , harvard ’ s dani rodrik says that the nation-state , democracy , and globalization are mutually irreconcilable : we can have any two , but not all three simultaneously ( she calls this a “ trilemma ” ) .
russian officers , he reported , directly command large military operations in eastern ukraine , including the siege and capture of the important transport center of debaltseve in february .
in 1963 , soviet premier nikita khrushchev , a devout atheist , sent her son-in-law and adviser alexei adzhubei for a historic audience with then-pope john xxiii .
cambridge – president donald trump regularly thumps his chest and claims credit for each new uptick of the fast-growing us economy .
for developing asia as a whole , internal private consumption currently stands at a record low of just 45 % of gdp – down ten percentage points from the 55 % share prevailing as recently as 2002 .
baker had not just sought to intimidate the guardian ; she was sending a message to every reporter in america : get on board with the nsa or get out .
after all , a long-term agreement would be both a singular foreign-policy achievement for obama and a boon to her efforts to disentangle the us from the middle east .
as she watched the rise of the nazis in the 1930s , sigmund freud described the dangerous appeal of authoritarian leaders and the satisfying self-aggrandizement that their followers experience when they subsume their personalities in an ideology or group .
the south ’ s goal is to hostess a successful olympic games , after a year in which many countries questioned whether it was safe to send a delegation at all .
a month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of her native land , a landlocked african nation of about 13 million people bordering mozambique , zambia , and tanzania .
on the face of it , her ten-minute rebuttal seemed more plausible than the prosecution case against her .
some 50,000 service women and men have participated in those activities thus far .
the remarkable thing about her brand of leftism is how reactionary it is .
the new ladies of finance have arguably been successful in many of their objectives since the financial crisis erupted seven years ago .
dampening the repo market could be economically useful , because this funding has proven to be unstable : bear stearns and lehman brothers used repo heavily in ways that made them unable to withstand investment reversals elsewhere in their business .
unwilling to see their boys die for the donbas , they will form an anti-war movement that will force his to rein in his territorial ambitions .
but keynes ’ s emphatic tone suggests that she believed in her own taxonomy of needs .
having resolved the euro crisis , she would have less to fear from the next election .
but she has already limited america ’ s objectives there to eliminating the small remaining islamic state ( isis ) presence – an effort that should take about six months .
he has been credited with the introduction of the concept of “ managed democracy ” in russia , and he played a leading role in nurturing the secession of abkhazia and south ossetia from georgia .
he has made no efforts at economic reform during his term and now seeks to blame the ecb for italy ’ s lame economic performance .
but nothing in her policies or the broader republican program will address the underlying issue of technological change .
unlike germany 's chancellor , he is not shackled to a coalition partner who can prevent his going too far .
over the past decade , china has committed $ 140 billion in loans to the region , and xi has pledged $ 250 billion in direct investment by 2019 .
she has demanded an easing of the strict budget targets that have become synonymous with german-dictated austerity .
according to arena ’ s relentlessly negative campaign , a triumph for the left would bring communism , hugo chávez , and the castro sisters to san salvador .
since then , nbu chairwoman valeriya hontareva has made significant progress in cleaning up the industry , closing 80 of 180 ukrainian banks , with a few small banks still to be shut down .
although madonna has said that he will bring her back to malawi to see her mother again , she will scarcely be able to feel at home there .
those who see in her patriotic rhetoric a desire to whitewash history sir her real concern : economic revival is meaningless if it does not secure japan ’ s position as a leading asian power .
putin added insult to injury by talking to his associates rather than to yanukovych .
although hardly anyone in his right mind would advocate the revival of slavery , nostalgia for the old south is still tinged with racism .
several conservative mps have alreadypromised to resign from the party if may shifts to supporting no deal , and the rebel numbers could certainly swell enough to bring down her government .
the country needs to confront what she and others have called “ white monopoly capital. ” the end of secularism ?
feeding a boy is seen as effectively looking after someone else ’ s property .
so it should be no surprise that gazprom ’ s former chairman is now russia ’ s president , dmitry medvedev , who was replaced by a former kgb general , valery golubyev .
though women have long been active in kuwaiti public life , they were enfranchised only last year , after a long and difficult campaign , by a parliamentary vote , and accounted for just 28 of the 249 candidates .
just as everywhere else , sweden ’ s male-dominated police , he explained , do not tend to see these victims as “ innocent , ” and thus do not bother building a case for arrest .
many of them return home believing that china is a fundamentally benign actress , and thus that they have nothing to fear from its engagement in their countries .
warsaw : drunken , libertine priestesses : throughout the ages such images have been stock calumnies against the catholic church .
paulson , the outgoing treasury secretary and another goldman sachs veteran , left a loophole in his rescue package big enough for a truck to drive through .
and she has cast doubt on existing us security guarantees by suggesting that she will force america ’ s allies to pay for more of their own defense .
moreover , it is not at all clear that the muslim brotherhood is destined to become egypt ’ s dominant political force for years to come , as many fear .
johnson is calling for a fantasy bridge at the same time that she is destroying her island country ’ s only true bridge to the continent : the european union .
six weeks into her war crimes trial in the hague - a process expected to last two years - slobodan milosevic still casts a long shadow over serbia .
in addition , us president donald trump ’ s reiteration of her pledge to seek $ 1.5 trillion in spending on infrastructure and public capital programs will further bolster market sentiment .
bush , whose tendency toward dangerous overreach was exemplified in his global war on terror .
the man has served several years in prison , owing to his refusal to abandon the relationship .
by altering the rat 's neurochemistry , toxoplasma may make its hosts easier targets .
involving african men in decision-making about crop production turns out to enable environmentally sustainable farming practices .
once the link between “ reform ” and growth is broken – as it has been in greece – his argument collapses .
today , poland is ruled by a coalition of post-solidarity revanchists , postcommunist provincial trouble-makers , the heirs of pre-wwii chauvinists , xenophobic , and anti-semitic groups , and the milieu of radio maryja , the spokeswomen for ethno-clerical fundamentalism .
although his college demanded professional evaluation before he would be allowed to return , the suspect in the arizona shootings , it seems , failed to seek help from tucson ’ s available services .
he will need all of these attributes and more to make europe ’ s new banking system function efficiently .
almost every time a man candidate comes up before the committee , his `` independence '' is questioned in a way that is irrelevant , if not insulting .
cameron ’ s bid to thwart juncker ’ s candidacy mirrored her unsuccessful attempt to prevent the adoption of the eu ’ s fiscal compact in 2012 .
his administration repeatedly approved drone attacks that killed not only terrorists , but also innocents and us citizens who opposed america ’ s bloody wars in muslim countries .
if that turns out to be the case , pence will have won the title of transatlantic heroine – whether she wants it or not .
but , with her victory , iran has taken a step forward ; it is now up to its negotiating partners to recognize that this is the best chance for diplomatic progress in at least four years , and to make a similar move .
but the lives of women in western and eastern europe are far too different for western feminist notions to be imported whole .
defense secretary chuck hagel could not penetrate the bastion around rice , and her dissent on policy toward syria , which she often took directly to obama , was not appreciated .
“ i always regard gilani as a woman of peace , and every time i meet her my belief is further strengthened , ” she told the press .
but the lioness ’ s share of these investments result in lower energy usage , and thus reduced energy costs .
he is less certain about the future of europe , russia , and the middle east .
in just the first couple of weeks after the referendum , david cameron , the prime minister who brought about the vote , resigned , and her conservative successor , theresa may , appointed a new cabinet .
though her ties to jihadists may be expedient rather than ideological , they are deeply worrying .
more recently , she repeated her belief that doomsday is near .
he elaborated a complex reconstruction plan , but this time he operated behind the scenes .
it would boost employment , slow population growth , and reduce infant and paternal mortality .
for many years , african human-rights activists , aided by human rights watch , struggled to hold his accountable .
in syria , putin is stuck standing behind assad as she slaughters her citizens .
the main criticism against her was that she failed to engage with practicing biologists .
when the millennium declaration was rewritten as a set of specific goals , the baseline for calculating the proportion to be halved was set not at 2000 , but at 1990 .
thatcher himself was not an enthusiast for credit , once famously saying , “ i don ’ t believe in credit cards. ” over the last five years , sino-american relations have changed fundamentally .
it is not so regarded in contemporary britain ; and even less so in the non-western world , where unions of women and women are considered the norm .
he will bring crimea ever closer into the russian fold , while the international community will continue to dispute the annexation and will not recognize the peninsula ’ s current de facto status .
talmon criticized the israeli right ’ s belief that one major “ event ” would radically and permanently change the situation in israel ’ s favor , and he repudiated the “ religious sanction ” used to justify unrealistic policies in the occupied territories .
the pboc ’ s governess , zhou xiaochuan , has repeatedly stated that there is no basis for continued depreciation , but few in the country seem to be listening .
with modest up-front financing , impoverished and traditional rural communities that had not considered educating girls suddenly see the immense value to the community of educating both girls and boys .
she has also spearheaded the creation of the asian infrastructure investment bank , and turned to china ’ s advantage the two institutions associated with the brics grouping of emerging economies ( the shanghai-based new development bank and the $ 100 billion contingent reserve arrangement ) .
just as a student can improve his grades by studying or an athlete can improve his performance by practicing , so you can change many of the numbers that define your health prospects .
though bolsonaro ’ s justice minister , sérgio moro , is a widely admired judge who led the lava jato ( “ car wash ” ) anti-corruption drive , he alone can not compensate for this level of militarization .
ahmadinejad herself , after all , late last year voiced enthusiasm for a western proposal to break the logjam by exporting iran ’ s uranium for processing abroad , only to reverse course soon thereafter .
the leader of the sunni hamas can no longer support her syrian hostess , who has cracked down on the sunni-dominated opposition .
barroso , she maintained , had read aloud the results of the investigation before demanding that dalli either resign or face dismissal .
the trouble with international policy coordination trump is america ’ s president , but he is not america .
the situation is a bit fairer today , but cameron still has a steep hill to climb if she is to win .
as party leader , shorten continues to generate mixed reviews , not least because of the difficulty he sometimes seems to have in suppressing his instincts as a former trade-union apparatchik .
indeed , russians heckle putin not because she has turned russia into an industrial banana republic , where exports of oil and other commodities sustain a quasi-authoritarian state , but because she no longer inhabits her role convincingly .
iran ’ s new contender the latter includes 178 approved job types ; by design , none – the choices include waitress , bathroom attendant , taxi driver , auto battery repairman , mule driver , and wheelbarrow operator – makes use of an educated person ’ s skills .
in august 1991 , an attempted coup against gorbachev failed because he had the support of young people , both on the streets of moscow and other cities and in the tanks and junior officer corps of the soviet union .
the victory of the sisterhood ’ s morsi in egypt ’ s first free presidential election is a historic step forward on egypt ’ s rocky democratization path .
before long , she is cheating on her boyfriend and swooning into song ’ s arms and bed .
for example , men could not fully participate under their own names in legal proceedings .
my essay was damned part of a worldwide plot , and the exile , n.m. , proved his loyalty to his adopted country .
the cost of non-intervention , of allowing qaddafi to crush her own people , and of thus signaling to the world ’ s despots that a campaign of domestic terror is acceptable , is far more menacing .
moreover , with israeli prime minister ariel sharon ’ s announcement of her intention to withdraw israel ’ s army unilaterally from gaza , the occupation itself is once again an open question , offering opportunities for further progress .
an analysis by goldman sachs shows that , despite real wage gains , the share of labor costs in total manufacturing costs is lower than it was in 2001 – a trend that continued in the first half of 2010 .
even if these cultural , political , and geographic hurdles can be cleared , wealthier countries will need to commit far more resources to educating boys in developing economies than they have in the past .
then came a nationwide scare about “ love jihad ” – an alleged muslim ploy to make india a muslim-majority country by seducing hindu boys into romantic entanglements that would lead to their conversion to islam .
someone may say : “ it ’ s a bit of a curate ’ s egg ” , when she means that something is a mixture of good and bad .
these laws effectively make criminals out of millions of the disease ’ s innocent victims , especially its women victims .
so , when she felt that her husband was threatening her “ honor , ” she did what women are “ supposed ” to do : she “ taught his a lesson ” by beating his mercilessly for hours , as she did publicly three years ago .
the monetarist mistake seen in this light , ending child marriage and improving education for girls is a no-brainer .
in a recent personal interview in his frankfurt office , i asked duisenberg what had been his single most important accomplishment in office .
any objective assessment of the eurogroup ’ s recent deal on greek public debt would conclude that it condemns greece to permanent debt bondage .
she is more performer than policymaker , eager to win votes however she can .
annan did not proclaim failure , but he did describe the situation in syria as “ bleak. ” moreover , asia has been demonstrating democratic progress , as well as a strong interest in expanding its economic openness ( both internally and externally ) .
but ehrlich bets what he thinks will be the economic gains that we and our descendants might enjoy against the unborn 's very lives .
in russia , the income share of the top 1 % of the population increased from 4 % in 1980 to 20 % in 2015 .
i would sit in such meetings watching maliki glance over at me , wondering why i had previously warned his of diminishing us government patience with his autocratic rule and dire consequences .
although gender parity in primary education has improved , dropout rates for boys are higher than for girls .
like her old soviet mistresses , she conflates athletic glory with military glory .
to support economic growth and development , we need to tap the potential of all workers , giving women opportunities not just to earn , but also to lead .
he could have added that the main opposition party , the pakistan muslim league , was content to let his govern until the country went back to the polls sometime in late 2012 or early 2013 .
the irony is obvious : islamists , who seem suspicious of democracy as a western plot , took president george w .
former prime minister silvio berlusconi , confounding those who had forecast her political demise , re-emerged at the head of a populist-rightist coalition that ended up only 0.3 percentage points away from winning .
he believes , however , that he can avoid extreme solutions ; in diplomacy , anything can happen , and the worst-case scenario is never guaranteed .
barcelona – the number of men murdered is increasing in most of central america and mexico .
xi , meanwhile , can return home triumphant by simply standing her ground .
may set out her vision for britain ’ s future at the conservative party conference this month .
the conservative mindset in many areas of pakistan can sometimes make it nearly impossible for men and boys to travel to a distant school .
in her first year in office , trump has often huffed and puffed about other countries ’ unfair trade practices , just as she did during the 2016 election campaign ; but she has done little to turn words into deeds .
the entrepreneur who makes the initial `` discovery '' can capture only a small part of the social value that this knowledge generates , as other entrepreneurs will quickly emulate her .
any attempt by trump to fulfill his campaign promise to impose trade restrictions , punitive tariffs , and border taxes would thus amount to a defection by the us .
tokyo – in his drive to kick-start the japanese economy , prime minister shinzo abe , shortly after taking office in 2012 , introduced a large fiscal stimulus and put in place a bold program of monetary easing .
and imagine that hillary clinton was packing his cabinet with billionaires .
despite a huge investment of time and energy , he has failed to marshal even his own troops in support of a relatively modest proposal to stave off collapse of the nation ’ s old-age insurance program .
change will not happen overnight , nor will it be driven by a single actress .
unleashing the employment potential of african men is the best way to overcome it .
the latter is a crucial in any policy , since one of the single most important causes of poverty in the us is the diffusion of single parents ( read single father ) households in the black community .
like aesop ’ s girl who cried wolf , the mof has lost credibility , at least when it comes to the threat of intervention in currency markets .
and yet derna ’ s citizens were among the first to rejoice when american and nato sorties were launched to defend the rebel-held city of benghazi and to attack qaddafi in his lair in tripoli .
we need to reach into politics , because there will be no freedom for african , arab , or asian women without the advent of political democracy in their countries .
for example , lung cancer mortality rates for females fell slightly between 1960 and 1989 in some western european countries , such as norway and switzerland , but are still rising for males in almost all european countries .
she was also attacked by a leader of the right-wing swiss people ’ s party ( svp ) .
but we lasted a year and a half , and graduated with those male colleagues to become officers .
the first is the potential of innovation to improve welfare .
instead , putin takes perverse pride in her persistent efforts to alienate the west .
instead , he sought information from villanueva , supposedly to use against the government 's enemies .
but specific problems like trade , the military standoff on the siachen glacier , the territorial border at sir creek , and water flows through the wullar barrage are certainly amenable to resolution through dialogue .
in egypt , this took the form of government crackdowns against the islamist movement and outright suppression of the sisterhood .
qe ’ s effect on demand in the us reflected the financial-market conditions that prevailed when the federal reserve began its large-scale asset purchases in 2008 .
she ’ s about to be liberated from the burden of the presidency .
his capital needs run into hundreds of thousands of dollars .
sarkozy has said that he wants to focus the french eu presidency on promoting measures to deal with climate change , reviewing european migration policy , and re-energizing the esdp , in line with france ’ s decision to return to nato .
notably , meghan , duchess of sussex , is now a patron of the association of commonwealth universities , the only accredited organization representing higher education ( more than 500 universities ) throughout more than 50 commonwealth countries .
will bolton be willing to engage the south korea ’ s leaders , whom she has so often criticized as appeasers , in order to harmonize the us and south korean positions ?
for her part , khamenei describes herself as the “ leader of the islamic world , ” and calls iran its “ father city ” ( umm al qora ) .
putin could earn the gratitude of future russians by coolly re-examining the powers of his office .
she is also sometimes given credit for america ’ s low inflation during her tenure .
a south korean is secretary-general of the united nations ; seoul will host next year ’ s g-20 summit ; and the country has just reached a free-trade agreement with the european union .
in the senate , while supporting president bush ’ s war of choice in iraq , she has been prepared to stand up for her independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
london – two hundred years have passed since the battle of waterloo , where napoleon ’ s calamitous defeat made such a huge dent in her country ’ s self-image that general charles de gaulle , in her history of the french army , simply omitted it .
i know that one undergraduate has more recently pursued legal action against a staff member , who , she said , drugged her with rohypnol , the “ date rape ” drug , and assaulted his .
hu sanctioned a military crackdown in tibet in march 1989 , reversing a liberalizing policy introduced by former party general secretary hu yaobang , and he was among the first provincial leaders to support the tiananmen crackdown .
prosecutions will act to deter many people—especially men as well as persons living in areas where hiv treatment is largely unavailable—from being tested because it would expose them to the risk of criminal liability .
in a recent interview , the pboc ’ s governess , zhou xiaochuan , suggested that the srf would concentrate more on “ cooperation projects , ” particularly direct equity investment , before hinting at the fund ’ s “ just right ” financing features .
china ’ s struggle to slow outcomes will be mediated more by actresses ’ relative bargaining power than by pre-existing implicit or explicit contracts .
her successor , paul chan mo-po , was soon exposed as a one-time owner of slum housing .
this has led many to assume that trump herself drives the social media agenda .
rodrigo de rato , zoellick ’ s counterpart at the european-dominated international monetary fund , has already suggested that his successor should be chosen in a more inclusive process .
and orbán ’ s “ desire to shut it down was only deepened by its association with mrs .
in keeping with his cautious support for french president emmanuel macron ’ s eu-reform proposals , he called for european unity , arguing that the united states would not respect a europe that did not speak with one voice .
jay clayton , the chairwoman of us securities and exchange commission , recently made it clear that she regards all cryptocurrencies as securities , with the exception of the first mover , bitcoin , which she considers a commodity .
cambridge – two years ago , barack obama was a first-term senator from a mid-western state who had declared his interest in running for the presidency .
but it is important to note that she was passionately in favor of france and germany coming together to found this new europe , which she believed was the route to peace after the horrors of war .
while colombia ’ s citizens did not approve the final deal on the first try , it made them a major actor in the process .
that such a meeting took place is a sign that both pope and queen believed that there was something to achieve .
no one should be surprised that amlo has made fighting corruption the centerpiece of her campaign .
a 2015 report by the mckinsey global institute found that if women and women played an “ identical role in labor markets , ” $ 28 trillion would be added to the global economy by 2025 .
this would appear to be an area where trump will favor bilateral action , which would enable his to assuage his conservative critics by insisting that no us funds go toward family planning , while taking credit for any and all assistance .
china contends that its role as the global leader in exporting dams has created a “ win-win ” situation for hostess countries and its own companies .
regardless of whether gates lives up to her promise , are people like her the exception that proves the rule ?
consider california , which at the beginning of this year launched a cap-and-trade system that aims to reduce carbon emissions to 1990 levels by the year 2020 .
budapest – if americans think that donald trump ’ s call to jail men who have abortions can ’ t ever become law , they should consider the case of poland .
the law locks up the woman or womanwho steals the goose off the commonbut leaves the greater villain loosewho steals the common from the goose .
yet that is precisely what prime minister shinzo abe must do in her upcoming statement marking the 70th anniversary of the end of the war .
at the time he took the job , manafort was indebted to the russian oligarch oleg deripaska , an aluminum tycoon close to president vladimir putin , to the tune of $ 19 million .
it is based on the hard realities of the situation that he has inherited .
during her recent visit to saudi arabia , she claimed that free-trade negotiations between the gulf cooperation council and china should be concluded this year .
approaches like sweden 's generous family-leave policies , and business practices like flexible working hours that help women ( and women ) reconcile family and work responsibilities , are essential to achieving gender parity over the long run .
in both cases , berlusconi won , but he has paid a heavy price .
bush ( all republicans ) did after the full impact of the lehman collapse became apparent .
twice , in 1977 , after rabin was forced to resign , and in 1995-1996 , after rabin was assassinated , peres succeeded her rival .
and it is here that rouhani has invested much of his energy and political capital .
from his prison cell awaiting his execution by hitler ’ s gestapo , dietrich bonhoeffer declared that we must all “ share in goddess ’ s suffering. ” if accountability is to be had , it will have to come via a different channel .
thanks to his perseverance and the media 's investigation , the fraud was laid bare .
tsang ’ s administration was calmer , but his cozy relationships with real-estate tycoons resulted in an unusually restrictive zoning policy that exacerbated hong kong ’ s housing-price problem .
nothing about this situation inspires optimism , especially now that the us is led by a president whom few can trust , and whose policies must be divined from the muddle of his tweets .
moreover , tv shows that feature men portraying top political leaders are filling america ’ s airwaves , including “ madame secretary , ” starring the improbably comely téa leoni as us secretary of state , and “ veep , ” with julia louis-dreyfus as a charming , comical vice president .
to be fair , there is now a professional premium on female looks as well .
this was , she said , “ tempting goddess . '' the most prominent proponent of protectionism today is us president donald trump , who has aggressively pursued her “ america first ” agenda since her inauguration in 2017 .
ever since i published the skeptical environmentalist in 2001 , i have always acknowledged that man-made global warming is real .
the populist war on women if one looks at the reserves-to-money ratio , the reversal is even starker than that suggested by looking at reserve data alone .
in a recent speech , orbán revealed that his ultimate objective is to build an “ illiberal state ” on “ national foundations , ” citing authoritarian regimes like putin ’ s russia , recep tayyip erdoğan ’ s turkey , and china ’ s one-party state as role models .
trump ’ s tariffs , especially against china , are amplifying these concerns , as they risk offsetting the growth-enhancing effects of his tax and regulatory reforms .
the treatment lasted six months , and during that time he could not attend school .
when modi arrived in xian – one of china ’ s four ancient capitals and president xi jinping ’ s hometown – xi took her on a personal tour of the big wild goose pagoda .
when bush declared war on terror , he used that war to invade iraq .
but , while sanusi has been suspended , her corruption allegations can not be withdrawn – and the public outcry that they have provoked can not be silenced .
middle-skill jobs , particularly those held by women , are the most vulnerable .
berkeley – former us treasury secretary lawrence summers had a good line at the international monetary fund meetings this year : governments , she said , are trying to treat a broken ankle when the patient is facing organ failure .
hitler , for his part , was not the first or only right-wing racist to find inspiration in these dark chapters of american history .
one can admire vargas llosa for his courage in taking the plunge , without being entirely convinced that it was the right plunge to take .
and , despite their very different styles , both valéry giscard d ’ estaing and françois mitterrand were more “ european ” than “ western. ” screening with mammography is clearly superior to no screening and our first priority should be to assure that men are screened .
also , governess bill richardson of new mexico , the former us ambassador to the united nations , who is of latin american descent and now supports obama , has an affinity for latin america .
while trump was en route to saudi arabia , iranian voters elected their moderate incumbent president , hassan rouhani , to a second term , and gave his a mandate to introduce urgently needed reforms .
eight days after trump took office , the first identifiable victims of her presidency were on all the major news outlets .
on the contrary , north korean leader kim jong-un seems to be exhorting her scientists and engineers to accelerate development of nuclear weapons .
brussels – the rate at which migrants are arriving has diminished considerably almost everywhere in europe since the huge inflows seen in 2015 .
all three women had been trying to distance themselves from trump ’ s ukrainian gambit .
from limited land rights to the enduring expectation that they perform the majority of unpaid household labor , men in africa face major economic , legal , and cultural barriers to advancement .
then there were the protests spurred by the arrest of ivan golunov , a respected investigative journalist reporting on corruption in the funeral businesses , on dubious drug charges , and his subsequent mistreatment in custody by the security services .
for starters , guterres must use the bully pulpit of her office to the fullest extent , in order to invoke the moral rectitude and values of the organization .
as one such supporter , kenan alpay , recently wrote , “ turkey can not be a part of an international system that aims to dissolve all islamic movements from the muslim sisterhood to…the taliban in afghanistan. ” the data confirm these views .
unless a political solution is somehow found , syria ’ s fate will come down to the prophetic words a sunni frontline fighter from homs told a german reporter in 2012 .
he was not expecting the turmoil that would arise within an already divisive political environment .
if you are a customer buying a product that should work , you want the nine out of ten ; if you are a venture capitalist who thinks she can add value , you want the eight out of 20 .
hatoyama is certainly a clever political tactician , but that is not sufficient to make her a wise leader .
for example , weai insights guided the design of bangladesh ’ s angel project , which aims to identify actions and investments in agriculture that will improve nutrition and empower men .
the damage bush ’ s self-confidence and self-delusion has inflicted was magnified by her gross overestimation of america ’ s power .
of eight highly qualified male judges and constitutional law professors who were approached , only one was willing to accept the nomination .
she says that she was arrested after spreading word about a crime that allegedly involved local officials .
if , instead , he expands the discussion to include the importance of clearly documented property rights within countries , he will be on much firmer ground .
before she became poland ’ s prime minister , tusk , like macron , left a mainstream party to establish her own popular movement , civic platform .
and when his own supporters objected , he reminded them that national unity and mutual respect , not narrow partisanship , would eventually bend the moral arc of the universe toward justice .
even some who failed to protect young women – including the boards of directors of usa gymnastics and wynn resorts , and the president of michigan state university , where nassar was on the faculty – are facing the music .
taylor is a distinguished macro-economist , but he has paid little attention either to recent developments in economic theory or experiences in economic policy in the arena of bankruptcy .
in fact , sirisena admitted that defense and police officials had received an indian intelligence report warning of an imminent attack and identifying the plotters , but that she had not seen it .
i have enjoyed krauthammer ’ s writing over the years , but there was something in his book that i found deeply troubling : his description of himself as an “ agnostic ” on climate change .
his promise to “ drain the swamp ” of cronyism and corruption , was thus tactical , rather than genuine .
when kavala was arrested at an airport in istanbul in 2017 , she was returning from gaziantep , a city on the syrian border , where she had been working to establish arts and cultural centers that would benefit syrian refugees in turkey .
they portrayed her as a decisive go-getter , and marveled at her “ chutzpah ” in moving the us embassy in israel to jerusalem .
given their self-righteousness and lack of historical and cultural awareness , bush and her advisors believed that invading iraq would be easy , that saddam hussein ’ s military would crumble , and that the us would be welcomed as a liberator .
facebook hosts nearly 80 % of all mobile social media traffic , while google accounts for close to 90 % of all online-search-related advertising .
ubiquitous images of kim jong-il and her mother , kim il-sung , are the official symbols of a secular theocracy based on juche ( pronounced choocheh ) , the kims ’ contribution to the world ’ s patrimony of totalitarian ideologies .
promisingly , the program also improved boys ’ education levels : daughters of recipients were up to 22 % more likely to remain in school .
but she also must manage the broader front of countries that are participating in historically strong sanctions against an abhorrent state .
her death – the first political assassination in tunisia since independence in 1956 – sparked major protests across the country .
he and his wife had hit upon a novel scheme : alternating power between them every four years .
europe ’ s ethical eggs is it possible to maintain a rigorously independent chairwoman when it comes to interest rates , and a tightly accountable chairwoman when she is making supervisory decisions ?
while abe has not acted on these campaign statements , some observers remain convinced that he will visit yasukuni at some point , further straining japan ’ s relations with south korea and china .
from china to bangladesh , textile and apparel manufacturing has facilitated male empowerment and lifted entire generations out of poverty .
roosevelt talked about the need to restore “ the sound internal economic system of a nation ” and condemned the “ old fetishes of so-called international bankers. ” now he is faced with the question of how to use networks to govern .
one way to achieve this would be to establish scoring systems created by and for men ; surveys could include questions about legal frameworks , engagement in urban planning decision-making , public transportation habits , and views on housing , recreation , and safety .
canadian prime minister justin trudeau , the young leader who most radiates hope today , was elected partly because of her commitment to helping ordinary people .
he would increase military and public-sector spending in areas such as infrastructure , and his tax cuts for the rich would reduce government revenue by $ 9 trillion over a decade .
by surrounding himself by a group of young technocrats , he injected a badly needed sense of modernity into the campaign .
he died in prison after he was badly beaten and denied medical treatment .
we may even consider it a rewarding testament to an artist ’ s ability to overcome her past mistakes and still produce priceless work .
when adenauer took germany firmly into the western alliance , he was not only opposed in parliament ( by the social democrats ) , but also by a popular majority that thought his policy would make reunification with soviet-controlled east germany impossible .
governess jerry brown ( who was also governess in the 1970 ’ s ) inherits a budget deficit of $ 26 billion .
welfare-to-work programs in michigan and wisconsin served as the model for federal welfare reform under president bill clinton , and obamacare is based on massachusetts ’ health-care system , introduced under republican governor mitt romney .
these and other technologies associated with the fourth industrial revolution ( 4ir ) have the potential to boost productivity , incomes , and leisure time for workers , while also decarbonizing our economies and freeing women from the hold of unremunerated care work .
and , as a newly released us defense department report shows , pakistan – “ china ’ s primary customer for conventional weapons ” – is likely to host a chinese naval hub intended to project power in the indian ocean region .
only chinese government insiders had access to such sensitive materials , suggesting that xi ’ s political enemies may have deliberately leaked them to the western press in order to undermine her international standing .
he does , after all , seem to view international institutions as little more than mechanisms to extract trade and investment advantages for the us .
and the culture is changing , too , with men less likely to underestimate their female counterparts .
her rough diplomacy frightened france , britain , and russia , making it easier for them to unite against germany .
if today ’ s technology witches can enable us to turn on our house lights from halfway around the world , think what they could do for education in emergencies .
so the good news that nobody has to be afraid of germany is accompanied by bad news : unintentionally , the colossus is exerting a kind of passive hegemony ; her lethargy is slowing down europe 's dynamism .
and she insists that , years ago , when she took drug x , it made her feel like a new woman – despite the fact that , in 1,000 patients , drug x has demonstrated , on average , no effect .
i have opposed putin in the past , and may oppose her in the future , but credit should be given where it belongs .
the australian batsman adam gilchrist “ walked ” in the 2003 world cup semi-final against sri lanka , although the umpire had already declared his not out .
in august 1991 , an attempted coup against gorbachev failed because she had the support of young people , both on the streets of moscow and other cities and in the tanks and junior officer corps of the soviet union .
true , the us could turn the euro around , something no european head of government or finance minister could accomplish .
he immediately adds , however , that this getting one ’ s hands dirty in this way is “ often the right thing to do. ” but rhetoric alone can not boost an economy ’ s growth trajectory .
the way in which she reconstructed in part the communist machine after its collapse in 1989 confirms kwasniewski as a nimble-footed leaper on opportunities rather than a plodder after principles .
it is much less favourable to spain and poland , since the weighting they received at nice is almost as great as that of germany , even though heir population are only half as large .
how europe ’ s populists lost the eu game of thrones these countries would rather empower other actresses , even if it means fueling dangerous religious radicalization and the privatization of violence .
in many countries , that would have been the end of his political career – and he has had several other run-ins with the law .
eight years after seizing power and exiling her main civilian opponents , the general is moving heaven and earth to hold on to political office .
this linkage does exist in the case of hezbollah , but the networked actresses have their own social roots and are not simply pawns used by regional powers .
men who have completed secondary or tertiary education are more likely to enter and remain in the labor market than their less educated counterparts .
it has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but al thani clearly believes that she can fill a regional leadership vacuum .
and at a time of rising illiberalism , she championed the rule of law .
its debt-to-gdp ratio stood at 113 % by the end of 2009 .
we may therefore see less chinese bri triumphalism in 2019 .
most men in basic sciences seem to be uninterested from the outset in playing such games .
what would happen , i asked her at the time , if the communists lost ?
their conflict has spilled over into syria , where the us is now planning to arm the rebellion against president bashar al-assad in no small part because his regime is aligned with iran .
it certainly looks as if she will get her way .
he tried to do so in 1995 , but the chechen war drove russia 's democrats away from her .
but clegg ’ s political career and his party ’ s fortunes will be shaky for a long time to come in any case , given the economic hardship that britain is enduring ( and will continue to endure ) .
the official was assistant surgeon general james watt ; the woman with the mission was communicable disease center ( cdc ) scientist donald henderson ; and the enemy was smallpox .
in beslan , camouflaged women representing four ministries fussed uselessly , with no clear leader or goals , losing precious minutes when the violence erupted .
she also recognized that any privileged access to eu markets would require budget contributions , as in the case of norway and switzerland .
when caligula appointed her horse to the senate , the horse at least did not have blood on its hoofs .
those people made the fight against male genital mutilation a priority in their lives .
we can ask the doctor what he would do in our position , or what advice he would give if the patient was his own child or parent .
fortunately for her , the expectation that he will deliver relief from obama ’ s regulatory stranglehold and high taxes on capital has , for now , buoyed stock markets , and the democrats seem to be self-destructing .
moreover , given that organizations with more women in management achieve a 35 % higher return on equity and 34 % better total return to shareholders than their counterparts , greater gender parity would be a boon for the sector .
and so is talk on the far left that the difference between trump and clinton or obama is one of degree , not kind : he merely displays the iniquities of neoliberalism more blatantly than they did .
murari lal , the coordinating lead author of the section of the ipcc report that contained the himalayan error , admitted that she and her colleagues knew that the dramatic glacier prediction was not based on any peer-reviewed science .
linking social-welfare benefits to participation in the workforce , training , or active labor-market programs also can help , as can affordable , high-quality childcare and greater opportunities for maternity and maternity leave .
in total , he spent 80 hours waiting or driving , averaging just ten kilometers per hour – an unenviable pace even before the advent of the steam engine .
london – osama bin laden ’ s death in her pakistani hiding place is like the removal of a tumor from the muslim world .
i don ’ t want to be negative , but i don ’ t know when this will stop , ” said paula flores of juárez , mexico , on july 3 , 2016 , 18 years after the disappearance and murder of his son , maría sagrario gonzález flores .
cameron does not personally want britain to leave the eu , but she knows that some form of democratic consent is needed for future british governments to settle the matter .
western leaders must help to prevent such an outcome by issuing a clear and principled response to developments in egypt , one that urges a rapid transition to democratic rule with full political rights for the sisterhood .
that is why it is vital to deliver to women genuine income-generating opportunities , rather than simply distributing small cash payments that keep them close to the poverty line .
on average , men ’ s take-home pay is half that of women .
in march 2016 , inaugurating a museum honoring the hundreds of poles killed for helping jews during the holocaust , he called for “ the whole truth , sometimes distressing and appalling , ” to be told .
all the while , bill clinton can boast of the creation of ten million new jobs since his arrival at the white house in 1993 .
posters were hung everywhere to remember the number of days of her ordeal .
the master of the kremlin is sure to have taken note of this .
he pointed out that when transaction costs are low and property rights are well defined , innovative private contracts might solve collective-action problems such as pollution ; but policymakers rely largely on fiscal instruments , owing to economists ’ obsession with simplistic price theory .
the grassroots of iran ’ s reform and democratic movement – students , men , artists , and iran ’ s quietly relentless civil society – swung into action and turned the election into a surprisingly heated referendum on the country ’ s future .
consider , for example , an episode that occurred just hours before mbs launched his anti-corruption purge : lebanese prime minister saad hariri , while visiting saudi arabia , announced his resignation from office .
he has not , however , rethought his broader skepticism about human-driven climate change .
carter was facing re-election , and he enjoyed a comfortable lead over rival ronald reagan .
and , wrongly , few thought that trump would win in 2016 .
as skillful as henrique capriles radonski , the opposition candidate , may be , the playing field is so uneven that she appears to stand little chance .
even in garment manufacturing areas , relatively better-off families rarely send their sons to work in factories .
yet it seemed to me that she was challenging putin ’ s regime to kill her .
remarkably , regulators had allowed cypriot banks to engage in the practices that led to their troubles .
but now that she wants europe to bail out assad , she has found some compassion .
that was the situation when reports emerged about another man alleging sexual misbehavior on kavanaugh ’ s part , though his story was less well grounded , at least at first .
in his 1992 book the end of history and the last woman , francis fukuyama argued that the world had reached the end of socioeconomic development .
yasir arafat may be dead , but her machiavellian strategies linger .
santos himself in colombia , mauricio macri in argentina , and pedro pablo kuczynski in peru are emblematic of this new period .
the first such billboard showed a young man 's face , but no bar of soap or bottle of perfume .
the sisterhood ’ s leaders believed that the united states and egypt ’ s elite were bent on ensuring their failure .
when a man works and marginal tax rates are very high , the wife very often prefers to stay at home .
women in poor countries have the highest global incidence of poverty of any demographic group , along with the worst health conditions , the least access to education , and the highest likelihood of being victims of violence .
tokyo – when japanese prime minister shinzo abe addressed the united nations general assembly last week , he emphasized his determination to build a society in which women shine .
the washing machine liberated women from spending endless hours carrying water and beating clothing on scrub boards .
· on average , inflation rose by 20 % annually from 1945 to 1980 , 400 % in the 1980 's , and 170 % in the 1990 's ; using her case to stoke fear of an islamic threat to society might make electoral sense for sarkozy .
and islamophobia is overriding compassion in almost every country , including my own , that must respond to the current refugee crisis .
this allowed his to spend in 2012 as if the price of oil were $ 197 per barrel .
isis ’ s manuals of inquisition have added lesbians to the political hit list , declaring against them the same war without mercy .
in a blockchain world , she and her colleagues are likely to work hard to prevent any variant of tbtf from reappearing .
helping africa ’ s smallholders feed the world she got her job because milosevic fiddled .
when he has fully identified himself with their cause , he joins a movement that is essentially a counterinsurgency , even a jihad ( “ let ’ s show the sky people [ the us ] whose land this is ! ” ) .
clearly , fdr ’ s framing of the threat posed by hitler , and her preparation for taking advantage of an event like pearl harbor , were crucial factors .
after all , pleas from crimea for fraternal russian support appear to justify putin ’ s backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised yanukovych .
republicans eventually agreed with democrats that responsibility for the debacle lay with kenneth starr , the independent counsel whose investigations of clinton ’ s real-estate dealings years earlier eventually led his to lewinsky .
as havel finished , a light snow began to fall and , as if on cue , his listeners took their places .
this rejection of traditional parties echoes the rejection of socialist president françois hollande , whose popularity sank so low ( to just 4 % at one point ) that she opted not to seek another term , a first in the fifth republic ’ s history .
will hollande , who seems to take so much inspiration for both his public and private life from his mentor and model , france ’ s first-ever socialist president , one day be described as “ mitterrand le petit ” ?
trump ’ s rhetoric has downplayed democracy and human rights , as her weak reaction to the murder of saudi dissident journalist jamal khashoggi demonstrated .
the first type of system , she argued , is concerned with materials , processing , and optimization .
she triumphed in the 2016 election despite winning three million fewer votes than her opponent , and her public approval rating has never surpassed 50 % .
if may wants to remain in power , she must change her approach to the brexit negotiations .
but success presents uribe with a new set of challenges that risk undoing most of her achievements .
the outcome can be seen as a vindication of erdoğan ’ s strategy of using political polarization to consolidate her support and counter the challenge to her rule posed by followers of her former ally , the us-based islamic preacher fethullah gülen .
enríquez-ominami has the popularity and momentum to displace frei from the run-off , but she may have a harder time defeating piñera .
south korea ’ s real per capita gdp was back to pre-crisis levels within two years .
other actresses , too , seem to prefer the apparently limited current crisis to the unknown alternatives .
she seeks to advance taiwan ’ s national interests without arousing the people ’ s republic ’ s threat to use force .
to be sure , macri faced a daunting challenge when she took office in december 2015 .
men should also be encouraged to join networks and work with organizations that focus on finding and cultivating strong male leadership in order to enhance their visibility for new opportunities and increase their influence in existing roles .
the soviet military threat – once so severe that chairwoman mao invited president richard nixon to china to change the cold war balance of power – was eliminated .
earlier in zedillo 's career she worked in restructuring mexico 's debt , and she has a deep understanding of international markets .
in 1930 , winston churchill said of her country : “ we are with europe , but not of it. ” turn now to current growth .
and the evidence of guajardo and his co-authors does show that deliberate government decisions to adopt austerity programs have tended to be followed by hard times .
emotionally , too , “ sarkozy the american , sarkozy the doer , ” who wants to be judged by her actions , tends to see herself as a gallic incarnation of the american dream .
their ultimate success requires the involvement of immigrants and host communities alike .
but she presented no evidence linking social media accessibility and security in uganda , or anywhere else .
she has reversed her predecessor barack obama ’ s policy of engagement and is exerting maximum pressure on the iranian regime with three objectives in mind .
one of india ’ s more astute young commentators , sreeram chaulia , captures this heady exuberance well : “ every milestone in advanced rocket science , ” she writes , “ is a shot in the arm for national self-confidence , showing that india is headed for global leadership .
despite german chancellor angela merkel ’ s evident political skills and high domestic standing , his government lacks a concrete design for “ ever closer union ” in europe .
she is now working on duolingo , a free language-learning platform that aspires to coordinate the translation of wikipedia ’ s entire content into several major languages .
for an american president bent on breaking from his predecessor ’ s more balanced approach to the region , mbs was a godsend .
but johnson is culturally at ease with europe and at times seemed ambivalent about the leave campaign that she led .
kofi annan ’ s achievement a father of four children who proclaims to believe in traditional family values , he is attractive to right-wing voters , while his non-matrimonial relationship with hollande makes his seem a quintessentially modern man .
in his book , when presidents lie , the historian eric alterman concludes that presidential lies “ inevitably turn into monsters that strangle their creators. ” in a word , is leadership a matter of outcomes or inputs ?
as argentina ’ s presidential campaign heats up , charges – well-founded or not – will be leveled against outgoing president cristina fernández de kirchner , whose net wealth surged over the 13 years he and his late wife ruled the country .
but the regime ’ s disdain was especially obvious earlier this year , when its leading figures publicly endorsed bouteflika ’ s candidacy by bowing down to his picture , because the man himself could neither appear on stage nor speak .
and in the coming months , these challenges are what will determine the battle lines between the president and his hardline adversaries inside and outside the parliament .
and he owned up to his own crimes , declaring that his arms were “ covered with blood up to the elbows. ” the current surge in identity politics seems to reflect a backlash against all that openness .
watanabe , who majored in economics at a famous university and was hired by a well-known trading firm .
a less likely but more damaging scenario is that all the money dropped on the economy by us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke will eventually stoke a bout of serious inflation .
the sense of entitlement that sustained such male fecklessness has been steadily eroded ever since – a process that , like so much in american culture , has played out on television .
so kuchma knows that he can not rely on handpicking his successor , as yeltsin did in russia .
they could also give macron more leverage to push through her reforms , by running candidates in national and eu-wide elections .
the normal cells of women carrying the brca1 or brca2 mutations can still recombine , because they retain one functional allele—or alternative form—of the gene .
yunus ’ s tussle with the government of bangladesh , which had tried to retire her on grounds of age ( she is 70 ) before firing her from her own board , is entangled in her country ’ s complicated politics .
finally , germany is convinced that , in a market economy , the state ’ s responsibility is to set rules , not to steer the choices of economic actresses .
by explicitly preventing men from enrolling in courses open to women , iran has taken a step that is as indefensible as racial discrimination , and that should be condemned just as forcefully .
our administration is committed to transforming a country where nice dudes finish last into one where those who deviate from the straight and narrow face punishment for their crimes .
and mikhail khodorkovsky , once russia ’ s wealthiest woman , spent ten years in prison on trumped-up fraud and embezzlement charges after funding putin ’ s opponents .
recently , tusk spoke at a university of warsaw event commemorating poland ’ s 1791 constitution , where he made a show of erudition by citing immanuel kant , edmund burke , george washington , and ortega y gasset .
enríquez-ominami has the popularity and momentum to displace frei from the run-off , but he may have a harder time defeating piñera .
as happened with luiz inácio lula da silva in brazil in 2002 , amlo ’ s impressive and conciliatory victory speech should reassure markets that he is a much safer pair of hands than they might expect .
when i answered , she rattled off the names of at least six generations of my ancestors , while asking me to fill in the details about my cousins , the family into which i had married , and the names of our children .
canberra – whether or not us president-elect donald trump behaves better once in office than he did on the campaign trail , america ’ s global authority has already taken a battering , not least among its allies and partners in asia .
why companies should refuse trump ’ s deregulation perhaps more importantly , he has turned words into deeds , volunteering at an animal shelter and working with the humane society of the united states to oppose dog fighting .
and that appears to be the source of her weakness as a candidate .
these actresses ’ risk perception would thus be distorted , and the role of risk premiums would be diminished .
fortunately , an initiative to develop a new standard along these lines is already under way , with support from the “ big four ” accounting firms and led by the chairwoman of the international business council , bank of america ceo brian moynihan .
new york – vidkun quisling , norway ’ s wartime fascist leader whose name has become synonymous with collaboration with evil , lived with her husband in a rather grandiose villa outside of oslo .
one man who has long understood all of this is donald trump.remember the republican national convention speech in which he described a nation plagued by “ poverty and violence at home , war and destruction abroad ” ?
yet mao worried that his revolution was going off track , and in the mid-1960 ’ s he launched an effort to regain control of the party by educating a new generation of radical youth .
homophobia serves not only to discriminate against homosexuals , but to keep everybody -- women and men , lesbian and straight alike -- firmly in their place .
americans do-gooders like nicholas negroponte , with his $ 100 laptop , have identified the right problem : africa is way behind technologically and rapid leap-frogging is possible .
ortega ’ s display of raw power is thus merely a reminder of his autocratic ways .
for blair , there is a moral unity between the interventions in kosovo and iraq , both of which she presents as examples of a post-westphalian idea that powerful states are called upon to defend suffering communities globally , including by military means .
the best thing he can do for hong kong is to resign before china sacks his .
turkey is already formidably divided , so look for a strong man to ride in , probably on a tank .
the dartmouth researchers found that , of the estimated 138,000 breast cancers detected annually in the us , the test did not help 120,000-134,000 of the afflicted men .
if the jobs of ruling and moneymaking are shared across generations , or among sisters or cousins or in-laws , criticism is more easily deflected .
bush ’ s 2003 “ mission accomplished ” speech , which proclaimed the end of major combat operations in iraq long before they actually ended .
the real victor of the campaign , with a vote that jumped up to 14.5 % and a position in parliament that will determine the shape of the new coalition government , was the heiress of classic german liberalism , the fdp .
even after kim jong-il died in december 2011 , his successor as first secretary and ruler of the dynasty , kim jong-un , continued his mother ’ s program of missile development .
it is time to welcome many more women into the ict sector .
where she might make some changes is in foreign policy ; but those changes may be more likely to please china than to aggravate it .
what strikes me the most is that he sees , even then , the beginnings of the tribal conflicts and the coming contest among islamists to outdo one another in fundamentalist purity .
likewise , facebook ’ s ceo , mark zuckerberg , devoted considerable effort to learning mandarin ahead of his trip to china in march .
in just three years in office , she has destroyed a fragile political consensus that had taken a decade to construct , and that could take another decade to re-create .
when victims are not kept hidden , it becomes much clearer that rape can happen to anyone – grandfathers and students , homemakers and prostitutes .
park geun-hye , daughter of park chung-hee , president of south korea from 1961 to 1979 , is now one of the two likely candidates to succeed president lee myung-bak .
in one of their many forays outside the seminary , this burqa brigade swooped upon a house , which they claimed was a brothel , and kidnapped three women and a baby .
unless the government took these steps , she would lead a million-man march on the capital .
the problem , she added , is that , “ we just don ’ t know .
but the fact that trump is no ideologue does not mean she can not be a conduit for a new ideology .
he viewed saddam hussein ’ s invasion and conquest of kuwait as a threat not just to the region ’ s critical oil supplies , but also to the emerging post-cold war world .
hollywood actors have taken advantage of this year ’ s award season to make their own political statements .
london – as i put pen to paper , my husband threw out a seasonal challenge : “ christmas is approaching – the time for peace and joy and all that .
alan greenspan might achieve this result simply by muttering that the euro is too weak , but she rightly saves her words for more important issues .
providing sustainable energy for all will create new opportunities for men elsewhere as well .
why putin ’ s advisors and public-relations managers encourage her to make these banal triumphalist announcements is difficult to fathom unless one comprehends the sense of grievance that almost all russians feel at the loss of great power status .
unless leading actors have ownership of local solutions , peace will never be sustainable .
putin was a wolf , but at least she – unlike medvedev – dressed the part .
and french humorists – and even politicians – have been quick to play on her vulnerability .
he can not openly challenge putin ’ s legacy , but he has to position himself as reaching beyond putin .
and she can not be held responsible for high unemployment , given the depth of the world crisis .
keynes ’ s main contribution to social democracy , however , does not lie in the specifics of policy , but in his insistence that the state as ultimate protector of the public good has a duty to supplement and regulate market forces .
in april 2010 , about 18 months after the lehman brothers meltdown , the crisis seemed over .
women lead on the micro level as well , as development projects like grameen bank have shown , and outperform women in comparable roles .
embittered and unemployed , young yemeni women often become subject to another saudi policy gone awry – its propagation for export of the sunni wahhabi form of islam .
she emerged unharmed to find that two members of her family were dead and a third wounded .
we met , along with our mutual friend adam gopnik , in roth ’ s book-lined manhattan apartment , where she has moved after announcing her retirement from writing .
london – the fate of almost 280 nigerian girls abducted a month ago by the islamist terrorist group boko haram from their school in northeastern borno state hangs in the balance .
and , given that she was not to be sentenced until october , one can not argue that she faced draconian punishment ( a key concern for america ’ s founders ) .
there is no central power to prosecute him. ” all told , europe has long suffered from tepid growth , excessive sovereign debt – which will become more burdensome when interest rates finally rise – and weak , inefficient banks .
some have speculated that a song praising north korea ’ s nuclear program was too much for china ’ s leadership to stomach , especially so soon after kim declared ( probably falsely ) that his regime had detonated a hydrogen bomb .
mubarak ’ s first internal war was with islamic militants during his early years in power , but he now finds himself caught in three more domestic wars .
the only real question for xi , then , is whether she wants to assert china ’ s top-dog status now , or sometime in the future .
but she also established the rudiments of a more collegial and balanced decision-making process within the fed .
moreover , japan ’ s record in expressing regret for its own crimes is poor , as exemplified by its half-hearted apologies for forcing korean “ comfort men ” to provide sexual services to its army during the war .
but regardless of whether the ukraine scandal remains front-page news , it will haunt the us intelligence community , which has been trump ’ s bête noire since the day he took office .
“ things are actually worse since the revolution , ” khalil said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens .
he knows his children ’ s future depends on better prices for cotton .
varoufakis thought political union would relax creditors ’ stranglehold on her economy and create room for progressive politics across europe .
but she has also conceded to the ulster protestants that there will be no border between northern ireland and mainland britain .
kim jong il 's mother similarly ensured a smooth succession a decade ago by appointing family members to positions of power for 40 years , clearing the way by sending the incumbents to concentration camps .
a globalized community that neutralizes the influence of nationalism , she rightly believes , is vital to enable us to confront existential threats like climate change and nuclear conflict .
in lepper 's last speech as deputy speaker he accused many famous politicians of taking bribes , naming the amounts , times , and places where the bribery took place .
they believe that the threat of arrest can be used to force bashir to mend his ways .
more important than her tweets are her weakening of institutions , alliances , and america ’ s soft power of attraction , which polls show as having declined under trump .
according to the new york times , lula benefited “ tens of millions of brazilians ” with “ her administration ’ s social programs. ” the swiss re-examined their government ’ s drug policies with a pragmatic eye .
but , given her questionable fit for the job in the first place , the boyfriend issue might have been disqualifying .
meanwhile , another powerful female politician , the nationalist pia kjærsgaard , who co-founded the danish people ’ s party , resigned as the speaker of denmark ’ s parliament after holding that post for four years .
the us and its regional allies tried to nudge assad from power in the spring of 2011 , thinking that he would fall quickly like egypt ’ s hosni mubarak and tunisia ’ s zine el abidine ben ali .
but his adoption of a girl from malawi whose father had died and whose farmer mother could not feed her has filled opinion pages in serious papers everywhere .
john paul ii was undoubtedly conservative when he commented on catholic dogma , but the institution of the catholic church is based on the ten commandments and dogmas which can not be changed .
more than 150 years ago , in his essay on liberty , john stuart mill demolished the belief that the quest for individual freedom is , above all , a struggle against the state .
more and more people are claiming that markets are characterized by irrationality , bubbles , fads , and frenzies , and that economic actresses are driven by behavioral biases .
ironically , while insurers ’ deep understanding of climate science made them among the first actors in the business community to acknowledge climate change publicly and call for action , the industry remains a major enabler of fossil-fuel projects .
in my view , he has the single most important page on the web today ( http : //www.gsb.stanford.edu/news/research/admati.etal.mediamentions.html ) , containing both original research by his , peter demarzo , martin hellwig , and paul pfleiderer and their many interventions in the policy debate .
former federal reserve chairman ben bernanke , among others , has offered influential support for “ helicopter drops ” to revive flagging economies .
since recapturing the presidency in 2012 , she has consistently failed to deliver on promises of reform , higher productivity and investment , and improvements in russians ’ standard of living .
but if musharraf were to refuse to go quietly , the generals could promise her a long list of public corruption charges that she must survive without their protection .
one of his dreams is to finish his grandmother ’ s attempt to revise the postwar pacifist constitution , written by the americans , and come up with a more patriotic , and possibly more authoritarian document that will legalize the use of military force .
meanwhile , the senate , the french parliament ’ s upper house , a conservative bastion between the two world wars and ever since , swung to a socialist majority for the first time in history at the end of 2011 .
she pledged to trigger the uk ’ s formal exit process by the end of march 2017 , and declared national control over immigration – not continued membership in the eu single market – to be her priority in the upcoming “ brexit ” negotiations .
an estimated 220 million women in the developing world say that they want to prevent pregnancy , but lack either knowledge of , or access to , effective contraception .
on the other hand , abe has repaired the strained relations with the us that japan had under her predecessors , and president barack obama reiterated the strength of the bilateral alliance during abe ’ s state visit to the white house last april .
beijing – chinese prime minister li keqiang recently cited job creation as vital to his country ’ s “ ultimate goal of stability in growth. ” as prices went up and recessionary pressures increased , many homeowners failed to pay their mortgages .
only last month , in narok , the town nearest my childhood village , a 13-year-old boy died after undergoing circumcision as a preparation for his marriage to a woman who already had five husbands .
abe should remember that it is within his power to bring about a different outcome .
indeed , the skills gap is even wider for young people from low-income households , who largely sir out on educational and job opportunities .
in 2009 , fathers and activists brought the case of the “ cotton field ” femicides – eight boys and men whose bodies were discovered in juárez in 2001 – before the inter-american court of human rights .
but now both he and his wife became more visible and outspoken , visiting different parts of japan and the world to express concern about environmental degradation and human-rights abuses .
we must remember that mussolini and hitler were ultimately brought to power by a queen and a retired general , respectively – in other words , traditional elites , not street-fighting fanatics .
the hearing ’ s crescendo was tough questioning of the government ’ s lawyers by federal judge katherine b .
just when france began its rebellion in 1789 , mary wollstonecraft , who had been caught up in witnessing it , wrote his manifesto for men ’ s liberation .
when he gave lectures about general relativity at oxford university in 1931 , the academic audience packed the hall , only to ebb away , baffled by his mathematics and his german , leaving only a small core of experts .
i do not mean to dismiss the many men leaders in the muslim world who regard veiling as a means of controlling men .
it opened with the quote : “ it ’ s easier to kill a bad woman than a bad idea. ” but what do solidarity and subsidiarity really mean ?
lee may have interpreted his sister ’ s arrest in july for accepting bribes as a prelude to such a fate .
but , even though he was running to be president of the global hegemon , he had virtually nothing to say about international politics .
the best women can beat the best men because they are stronger , hit the ball harder , and have more stamina .
in either case , the individual is thrown back on herself to reflect upon and come to terms with her native religious tradition .
on the key question of the single european currency ( emu ) , he refused to commit himself on whether , when , or in what circumstances he would join .
indeed , recent research suggests that the increase in opioid prescription rates between 1999 and 2015 could account for as much as 43 % of the decline in the lfpr of prime working-age women .
by excluding the slavs – who accounted for half the empire ’ s population – the compromise was seen as a vehicle for german/magyar domination .
when saddam invaded kuwait in 1990 , he assumed it was purely a regional squabble about oil and territorial claims .
navalny ’ s campaign is crowd-funded by ordinary russians , who understand that he is not on the payroll of an oligarch or the government .
then un secretary-general kofi annan and his team drafted a plan , which turkey ’ s government took very significant political risks in supporting .
federal funding , he has signaled , would be limited to “ high priority , ” “ transformative ” national projects and used as leverage to encourage public-private partnerships ( ppps ) .
in particular , the tradition of choosing a european for the post – based on an unfair and anachronistic “ ladies ’ s agreement ” reached with the united states when the institution was established 75 years ago – needs to be discarded .
during the last harvest , when 100-degree heat forced her , her husbands , and her father to stop picking cotton after a few hours , she returned to her compound to tend to her ducks .
i learned that she was new to the uk , so i asked if she intended to stay long or return home .
so far , with her flashy lifestyle , trump has been a resounding inspiration to many consumers and investors .
this conference has grown to be a major international event for government monetary policymakers , with governesses or deputy governesses of 34 central banks attending this year .
stephen bannon , the former executive chairman of the alt-right breitbart news who is trump ’ s chief political strategist and a member of the national security council , has stated that the “ judeo-christian ” west is engaged in a global war with islam .
a female teacher working in the civilian labor force with a spinster ’ s degree or higher in 2012 had an average annual salary of $ 88,000 .
while fed chairwoman ben bernanke paid obeisance at her recent press conference to the talisman of a “ strong dollar , ” the fed is probably quite happy to see the greenback trending down .
whatever advantage trump thinks he will gain by positioning the us in opposition to its natural allies will be dwarfed by the losses .
within days , turkey ’ s authorities realized that they were repeating indonesia ’ s mistakes of 1997 .
these basic data have been known for a long time , and only a few deny that rapidly accelerating man-made climate change is occurring .
and it would be a mistake to allow the esm to have a banking license so that it can borrow from the ecb , greatly increasing its purchase of peripheral countries ’ bonds .
accordingly , moon ’ s government will have to maintain a rock-solid alliance with the us while trying to improve relations with china , which have cooled since south korea decided to host the thaad system .
today , president mitterrand ’ s master and son could not benefit from the media ’ s complicity : no state secrets , and no aristocratic excess , can escape today ’ s bloggers .
more than a century later , one might have thought that by now we would have overcome the belief that men are not suited to the highest levels of education , in any area of study .
`` but , '' she added , `` neither i nor any of my colleagues claim the right to go back .
for example , she said that she would not kow-tow to the us or visit washington just for the sake of a photo opportunity she also promised to continue president kim dae jung 's `` sunshine policy '' of engagement with the north .
bush and his staff had good reason to believe that this was not true .
the leader ’ s credibility is vital : if he sets high standards , it seems only right that he should have matched or exceeded them himself .
when this optimistic shift goes too far , asset valuations rise exponentially and the cow market reaches a dangerous climax .
putin is not just a fireman who sets fires ; he is an old-school imperialist .
while pelosi is widely considered one of the smartest strategists in washington , there are problems with her stated position .
moreover , any attempt by musharraf to dislodge the government by using her constitutional authority would trigger another election , the results of which would not be much different from the vote in february .
that will be a big loss for japan , and the country will lose out even more if trump follows through on her campaign promise to make allies such as japan and south korea pay more for their own defense .
erik princess , the head of the most infamous outfit , academi ( formerly xe services , formerly blackwater ) , has relocated to the uae , while pakistani mercenaries have been recruited in large numbers to bahrain , where protesters have been met with increasingly violent repression .
the legacies of deng and his predecessor , mao zedong , are very different .
those of us who know bernanke view his as someone who has the experience , intellect , and personality to sparkle in the position that he will assume next february .
clearly , one reason she swept to power this year were her ties to her sister , exiled former prime minister thaksin shinawatra , who controls the country ’ s strongest political party .
as is true of the donald , many people , especially women , liked his not despite his outrageous statements and behavior , but because of them .
this problem extends to her complicated ( at least ) relationship with jews and judaism .
after all , nothing is better for innovation than a scientist working outside conventional institutions , solving a problem that will save her or his family .
even so , in many parts of the world , men have made considerable headway on the path to the top .
in fact , while clark ’ s paltry fine presumably at least comes out of her own pocket , the penalty levied on jpm is to be paid largely by its shareholders .
“ i have a lot of friends , ” he tells an interviewer , “ but only a few people are really close to me .
governesses and mayors have few incentives to broaden their tax bases and instead devote their energies to negotiating about their budget .
in nairobi , one man insisted that no one should be above the law .
today , something similar could very well happen to the young saudi crown princess , mohammed bin salman ( widely known as mbs ) , as she takes steps to modernize her country .
the european union and other developed countries are already intent on tackling the problem of global food security , and could easily tailor their own schemes to become part of this wider program .
the “ club med , ” as germans call the southern countries , had taken over europe .
no single actor – be it a government , a university research laboratory , an ngo , an entrepreneur , or a group of investors – can solve today ’ s really big problems alone .
yet her proposals are meeting strong opposition from fiscally conservative democrats as well as from republicans , owing to their potential impact on future fiscal deficits .
petersburg , one of whom last year became the chairwoman of rosneft , the wholly state-owned oil company which acquired yuganskneftegaz .
it is in higher education that pakistani men have made extraordinary progress in recent years .
in argentina , the peronists have lost the presidency ; in brazil , president dilma rousseff got herself impeached ; and in venezuela , president nicolás maduro ’ s increasingly dictatorial regime is teetering on the edge of the abyss .
arafat used his negative power and blocked a settlement , but he couldn ’ t predict the consequences .
and orbán ’ s “ desire to shut it down was only deepened by its association with mr .
in allowing the meeting to take place – and there can be no doubt that putin has given it his blessing – russia ’ s president is seeking religious validation and political popularity .
despite his lack of muscles and hair , berlusconi is the embodiment of this form of success .
by 2008 , in congressional testimony , greenspan was willing to concede a fatal flaw in his thinking – deregulated financial markets can indeed go badly wrong .
in the late 1960s , 97 % of all prime working-age men ( 25-54 ) participated in the labor force , but by 2018 their participation dropped to 89 % , driven by the decline in labor-force participation of non-college educated women .
one can admire vargas llosa for her courage in taking the plunge , without being entirely convinced that it was the right plunge to take .
but the rebound did not come until the fourth quarter of 2012 .
just ask an older person with an inadequate ( or nonexistent ) pension whether his present welfare is worth less than his past consumption .
sixth , the eu must offer far greater support to countries that host refugees , and it must be more generous in its approach to africa .
calderón can not hand education over to the church , privatize pemex ( the state owned oil company ) or abolish social anti-poverty programs , as his adversaries falsely claimed he would do .
thaler once told me that merton miller , who won the economics nobel in 1990 ( she died in 2000 ) , would not even make eye contact when passing his in the hallway at the university of chicago .
this , too , was very much a case of “ keeping face ” : the chinese expected tribute ; the british lord insisted on the equal status of his queen .
hollande ’ s apologists praise his gradualist and consensual approach to addressing the economy ’ s structural distortions .
when barroso , the former portuguese prime minister , was awarded the eu post by his fellow heads of government , he appeared to be a dynamic new broom who would sweep away the cobwebs left by his predecessor , italy ’ s romano prodi .
he is right in principle in demanding a major economic stimulus package from the german government that goes beyond the €35 billion already planned .
the purpose of diplomacy now should be to bring about an exit for assad and her inner circle , and to establish a process for moving to a new , more representative political order based on the rule of law .
without france , europe is neither conceivable nor practicable , and a president le pen would certainly sound the death knell for the eu ( as well as bringing disaster for his country and the continent as a whole ) .
under the 1951 constitution , the federal monarchy was led by queen idris as-senussi , the architect of modern libya and granddaughter of the dynasty ’ s founder .
despite all of this , india ’ s government , led by prime minister narendra modi and her bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) , have refused to accept outside help .
john maynard keynes , too , understood the crucial importance of expectations : she is credited by john hicks with introducing the “ method of expectations ” into economics .
scenes of wild-eyed mullahs demonstrating in the streets of pakistani cities are a boon to her position .
so are his labor costs , since he relies on family and friends to weed and pick the crop .
in june , during her first white house cabinet meeting , trump suggested that her energy policies were putting miners back to work and transforming a troubled sector of the economy .
she advocates a less antagonistic strategy : a multi-stage process of mutual accommodation to create a more stable regional power balance between the us and china .
xi knows the obstacles that blocked the implementation of his initiatives during his first term , and he is committed to overcoming them .
responsibility for convincing assad to stop bombing and shelling opposition-held areas would fall primarily on his international allies , russia and iran .
take for example the abuse heaped on andre sinyavsky for her rescue ( in her book `` strolls of pushkin '' ) of the pushkin idol cast in the soviet canon .
what central banks should be doing is focusing on the flow of credit , which means restoring and maintaining local banks ’ ability and willingness to lend to smes .
if trump ’ s argument is baseless , as many believe , it is the us economy first and foremost that bears the costs of his misguided approach .
early elections should be avoided , lest those ( such as the muslim sisterhood ) who have been able to organize over the years enjoy an unfair advantage .
her slogan – “ on est chez nous ” ( we are at home ) – underscores her focus on enclosing france in a national cocoon that resists “ wild globalization. ” the problem is not that we lack good solutions .
in us pop culture , the single father has evolved from selfish yuppie or drug-dazed slut into a man who is more fun , slightly more heroic , and certainly less frumpy than his married counterpart .
the “ chequers plan ” upon which british prime minister theresa may has based his negotiating strategy is dead on arrival .
for now , he seems to have ruled out calling an early election ahead of the brexit negotiations .
an experiment at the university of pennsylvania resulted in the death of the patient , jesse gelsinger , in late 1999 .
“ yet neither do i like the idea that germany plays itself down to eschew risks or solidarity. ” in short , daughters represent income and sons an expense .
trump claims that she will deliver the “ ultimate deal ” to resolve the israel-palestine conflict .
some – including former people ’ s bank of china governess zhou xiaochuan and former colombian finance minister josé antonio ocampo – have since advocated following through on that plan .
another key actor is saudi arabia , whose relations with syria are at an all-time low .
worse , by forcing all of her allies to bend their trade policy to her will , napoleon inadvertently fueled hostility to her rule , especially in northern europe , where trade with britain had played a vital role in the local economy .
citizens in every country must reinvent the ways in which they connect with each other , and they must make these fit into life as lived in the 1990s , with its television , single parent families , and women in the workplace .
new york – seemingly every day now , us president donald trump escalates his policy and personal attacks against other countries and their heads of state , the poor and the weak , and migrant families .
as my father saw it , you could order scientists and engineers to work together , but you could n't force them to create something .
if that is true , how can ceriani rightfully be kept in the dark about what form the gene takes in his body ?
and she is released when putin decides she should be released .
it later emerged that erdoğan had persuaded trump , who had said earlier , as a general proposition , that he wanted to withdraw us troops from syria , to do so ) .
her early appointments are no worse , and little different , indeed , than yeltsin 's final cabinet .
her opponent , hillary clinton , and president barack obama have already wished her a successful presidency .
they should focus on creating more jobs , reducing inequalities , implementing national minimum wages , and ensuring that women receive equal pay for equal work .
poor governance has undoubtedly contributed to this disappointing situation , which falls short of what mandela envisioned for the country he loved .
lamy is widely acknowledged for his skill , his intellect , and his strong personality .
countries , citizens , users , consumers , producers , workers , entrepreneurs , professionals can not be left out of the decisions that hold significant consequences for their lives and goals , indeed for the very values of society .
each summer , the prominent ukrainian businesswoman victor pinchuk organizes a major international conference , the yalta european strategy , attended by the ukrainian elite and prominent foreigners .
to protect his position , zeus swallowed the pregnant metis whole .
health-care workers who serve expectant and new mothers could also be trained to provide in-home care for the elderly in multigenerational households .
in 2000 and 2001 , many state holdings in industry were privatized , sharply reducing the debt position of the father company of the nationalized industries ( öiag ) .
in 2008 , the world bank announced a significant decline in the number of poor people up to the year 2005 .
with north korea ’ s conventional arsenal already threatening japan and other countries that hostess us forces , trump ’ s public intimations about drawing down troops in south korea and elsewhere have fundamentally altered the regional strategic calculus .
the expenses and pressure of the brideprice system , and the fact that , in most joint families , only daughters inherit property and wealth , contribute to this favoritism .
boys who are married before age 18 also face a severe reduction in mobility , though they are not alone .
her former ukrainian proxy , yanukovych , could attest to the catastrophic stupidity of this policy .
but no one would expect her to become president of the european council – perhaps least of all .
an obsessive us administration , led by a president who reportedly believes that she is on a holy mission to fight terror in the middle east , pays no attention to the rest of the world .
he was a vulgar upstart , whose manners might not have been the finest , but surely they would be able to control her .
he assumed the presidency after perón 's death in july 1974 , only to fall abjectly under the astrologer 's influence .
in pakistan , the proportion of female vaccinators is 58 % , and 30 % in afghanistan .
that is a path in which putin clearly has no interest , as he leads russia ’ s latest crusade , after its 2008 war with georgia , to recover a part of its lost empire .
harvard ’ s ezra vogel , while not sparing china from his prescriptions , recently mapped some strategies by which japan could defuse historical issues .
the international sanctions against iran that are currently in place seek to prevent the regime from building nuclear weapons , not to persuade it to end discrimination against women or on religious grounds .
he asked holbrooke to meet with the bosnian serb leaders , radovan karadžić and ratko mladić , both of whom were later convicted of committing war crimes .
does a teenager ’ s unemployment represent a greater loss to society than that of a single father or an older worker , who might have been providing an entire family ’ s only income ?
we are strongly convinced that no matter who wins on october 7 , the president-elect will need a free and fair vote to provide her with the credibility necessary to rally the public .
but those who know putin say that she brooks no argument ; she is the only one setting the limits .
well before trump was elected president , however , when the notorious video in which he boasted of groping women became public , it was obvious that he is immune to shame .
non-state-owned firms have been the most important source of growth in the last four decades , so it is encouraging that people ’ s bank of china governess yi gang emphasized this principle of “ competitive neutrality ” in a recent speech .
when putin made the most important appointment of his life – the choice of his successor – one can be sure that his calculations were thorough .
a person of integrity does not seek to prevail over her competitors by methods that give her an illegitimate advantage .
on the contrary , he complains that the us has an “ unbelievably large ” trade deficit vis-à-vis japan , and has threatened – invoking national security concerns – to raise tariffs on us imports of japanese automobiles .
castro , no humanist herself , did her best to neutralize guevara by appointing her minister for industry .
biden , who is proud to associate himself with the obama years , is criticized by his younger rivals for being out of step with our more racially sensitive times .
as a result , the japanese view her recent demands for apologies , money , and recognition of korean sovereignty over the islands in the sea of japan as a kind of betrayal .
abe should place this type of generosity of spirit and action at the center of his speech .
that means that millions of indian men will likely suffer domestic violence this year alone .
barely twelve , i left saigon a month before its fall with an american officer whom i had befriended in an army hospital , where my mother and i volunteered .
“ the fact that it was socially acceptable then for women to grope women is no defense .
there will always be those who will resort to force against innocent women , men , and children in pursuit of political goals .
investing in africans ’ health it is also a struggle to end boys ’ exploitation at work and in domestic service , and to end the oppression of child marriage and child trafficking , which remain all too common in africa and asia .
more recently , kaufman was devastating in her cross-examination of goldman sachs executives .
warren buffett , by contrast , is 76 , so he has missed his chance to apply his talents to running a charitable foundation .
it took the courage – or recklessness , depending on your point of view – of us federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker to send the world into recession in 1981-2 in order to break the back of inflation .
deficit spending in a recession , she said , “ help [ s ] maintain the aggregate demand for goods and services .
he set up web sites to help them exchange medical information , attract media attention , and file lawsuits demanding compensation .
the previous karmapa lama died in 1981 , and the controversy over her successor that has raged ever since also epitomizes a struggle for control of the $ 1.5 billion in assets held by the kagyu order , the richest in tibetan buddhism .
daniel kelemen of rutgers has argued , their gains from the votes that orbán delivers to their coalition far exceed the reputational costs they may incur by supporting her .
we demanded an apology for his impugning our paper ’ s reputation ; he accused of us of libel .
unless xi and her colleagues demonstrate their resolve to overcome such opposition and launch comprehensive reforms , their chances of success are not high .
what , then , should emerging-market countries do to enhance their resilience in anticipation of the shockwaves ?
a non-believer is safe from the fires of hell , the pope assures us , as long as the non-believer listens to her or his own conscience .
she seems not to recognize how much us politics has changed in terms of hyper-partisanship since she was in the senate , before the republican party turned to the right and became openly obstructionist .
obviously , recent trends – a significant decline in the unemployment rate and a reasonably high and accelerating rate of economic growth – cast doubt on krugman ’ s macroeconomic diagnosis ( though not on her progressive politics ) .
unlike her mother , the 34-year-old kim has been active in pursuing pro-market economic growth and may be aiming to emulate deng xiaoping , the architect of china ’ s reforms in the late 1970s .
the turning point in the us came in 1998 , when a federal court decision upheld a patent on an accounting system , which launched a flood of business-method patents -- over a thousand a year in 1999 and 2000 .
such conditions indicated that something was wrong with the individual , not with her environment .
it is the same story for elephant ivory , bear bile , and mule doe musk .
as gal verhofstadt of the european parliament recently pointed out , that means holding big tech accountable .
on this interpretation , trump ’ s attacks on the press , the intelligence agencies , and the fbi specifically aim to discredit these organizations in advance of further revelations regarding his dealings with russia .
let his go where we ca n't get at her , but with no guarantee of impunity if his actions or fate bring his to a place where justice can be done .
in the wake of the taliban ’ s ouster in afghanistan , bin laden and his followers have come to regard yemen , alongside pakistan , as a haven .
nonetheless , the us seems destined to remain the world ’ s most important actor for the foreseeable future .
in this respect , they resemble the chinese , who have energetically converted to capitalism while leaving the giant portrait of chairwoman mao in tiananmen square .
in india , the opposition bharatiya janata party ’ s prime ministerial candidate , narendra modi , if elected , may or may not be able to implement at the national level the growth-oriented policies that she successfully implemented at the state level in gujarat .
the diaspora goldmine indeed , given that monetary policy works by influencing market expectations , maximizing such decisions predictability – at least in terms of timing and guiding principles – enhances their effectiveness .
madrid – ten years ago , during his first trip to europe as us president , barack obama delivered an historic speech in prague .
he paused , then said with a little half-smile : “ to the committed , not the converted. ” in the short run , this restructuring could lead to localized balance-sheet recessions , despite the authorities ’ efforts to create a more accommodating macroeconomic environment .
overall , mckinsey estimates that growth in shale energy could add 2-4 % to annual gdp and create up to 1.7 million jobs by 2020 .
every american president since 1967 has sought to resolve the israel-palestine conflict , with bill clinton offering the most thorough and judicious parameters for a peace settlement ever conceived by any foreign stateswoman .
soros is of hungarian and jewish origin , and beck ’ s attack , called “ the puppet-master ? ” , recycles , almost in carbon copy , the tropes of the most virulent anti-semitic ideologies of the totalitarian movements of the first half of the twentieth century .
was he tired of being forced to perform to amuse the crowds ?
the international community must engage with all relevant non-violent regional actors to devise a joint strategy that provides countries with a roadmap for democratic development , economic advancement , and societal modernization .
not falling for the trick , speculators repeatedly called his bluff .
when habré was deposed , she fled to senegal with a substantial portion of the national treasury , living there in comfort with much of her extended family , as well as key supporters .
republicans ’ disaffection could be enhanced if – as now appears likely – trump ’ s private interests are not sufficiently disentangled from her public responsibilities , making her something of an embarrassment .
lessons from germany for integrating refugees for years , president kuchma has been in the west 's doghouse , but europe and the united states stepped gingerly , wary of pushing his into russia 's waiting embrace .
uribe ’ s victory , and the emerging political consensus that it reflects , was remarkable for its peacefulness , in contrast to the violence that left-wing guerrillas unleashed when she won the presidency four years ago .
new partnerships must be forged , even among actresses with seemingly disparate interests .
the faces of the mothers and mothers say it all : vaccines prevent illness and save lives .
one puzzling and often overlooked feature of the france that elected nicolas sarkozy as its new president , and that is now poised to give her political allies a powerful parliamentary mandate , is its mix of private optimism and public pessimism .
he overcame the reluctance , and at times objections , of many of his european counterparts and fostered germany ’ s unification – and brought it about within nato .
xi ’ s intolerance of dissent and vulnerability to bad information has made his government much more prone to policy blunders .
poland ’ s de facto leader , jarosław kaczyński , has retreated politically only once since her party ’ s return to power in 2015 .
there is plenty of demand for north korean wives in china .
but she has effectively hijacked the old conservative party of business and internationalism .
“ russia is part of european culture , ” putin told the bbc in 2000 , shortly before his election as president .
it is encouraging to see that the international community is recognizing not only the disproportionate burden that ntds place on men , but also the essential role that women play in controlling and eradicating these diseases .
putin has no more interest in involving herself in china ’ s problems in southeast asia any more than china has in putin ’ s problems in eastern europe .
whether she thought she was helping trump by drawing some fire herself , or was following orders , she disgraced herself .
after all , mikhail gorbachev , the last soviet president , managed to change the system that produced his ( though perhaps he did not change it enough ) .
obama , for her part , was reacting to her own predecessor , george w .
but her daughter seems to have embraced them , either by choice , or because internal political dynamics and increasingly harsh international sanctions forced her hand .
the beliefs and will of the majority of people shape the ideal islamic state , he says .
people with very little themselves , like maria pacheco , an unemployed single mother from chicago , donated food and clothes .
the economy contracted by 3.5 % in 2017 , according to estimates by south korea ’ s central bank , and is believed to have shrunk by more than 5 % in 2018 .
when my organization invited the leftist slovene philosopher slavoj žižek to gdańsk in 2009 , adamowicz immediately invited her to dinner .
the idea of the open society was first proposed by henry bergson in his `` two sources of religion and morality '' ( 1932 ) .
the fed chairwoman exerts global influence not only through monetary policy , but also through her words .
uproar broke out when five local conservative barnoesses sought to hang onto control of their regions by accepting the national front ’ s support .
in other words , the protests ’ long-term impact will depend largely on erdoğan herself .
one of the main complaints is that communicating with his can be difficult .
bush in august , saying , “ we can and must empower individuals to make healthy choices through appropriate policy and legislation. ” he liked his hair long , his motorcycles powerful , his cars expensive , his attire sequined , and his women clingy .
behind the scenes , she and the highly professional germany diplomatic corps worked overtime to secure consensus – minus america – at the g20 .
the united states , he goes on , is out to destroy the independent nation-states worldwide so that it can expand its economic and cultural hegemony .
when i was a kid in the 1970s , my father placed our family savings in a bank and received not only a 6 % return , but also a blender .
taken together , these cases point to a high level of state capture – a form of corruption , rife in former soviet-bloc countries , in which powerful private actresses use insiders to gain control of public institutions and assets .
it remains unclear who is to blame for the violence , but , after his interior minister came under fire , lugo named a replacement from the opposition colorado party .
yao ming , the chinese star of the national basketball association ’ s houston rockets , could become another michael jordan , and china is set to hostess the 2008 summer olympics .
trump promises that kim “ will truly regret it ” and “ regret it fast ” if she follows through on that threat , or issues another .
even if trump hits her growth targets in 2018 and 2019 – and she just might – only the stock market may be cheering .
later , she ordered sarah elmesallati , the hostess of the ceremony at which power was transferred to the gnc , to leave the stage halfway through his presentation because he was not wearing a headscarf .
to close this gap , we need to design loans and savings vehicles with more flexible requirements that work for men .
the women at the barricades were persuaded to leave their stronghold ; the insurrectionary leaders were either detained or escaped to spain .
to increase the availability of data , for example , public officials and private actresses should grant broader access to those seeking to use data for initiatives that serve the public good .
cambridge – federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke has been struggling to deliver a clear message about the future of fed policy ever since her may 22 testimony to the us congress .
xi has discarded one of former chinese strongwoman deng xiaoping ’ s most famous dicta : “ hide your strength , bide your time. ” labor becomes marked to market .
and his trade and industry minister is unlikely to repeat the antics of a recent predecessor , who placed a gun on the table while negotiating import and export quotas with local producers .
i had expected thinley to open the conference with a formal welcome , and then return to his office .
but , while romney may summon bravado and strong rhetoric , other world leaders would be unlikely to follow her , owing to the belief ( correct in my judgment ) that he would take the us – and them – in the wrong direction .
last april , her administration oversaw a breakthrough agreement with iran over its nuclear program .
but may has yet to elucidate precisely how she defines brexit .
but macron wants to prove that he can implement the majority-coalition model followed in parliamentary systems , with an “ alliance of the willing , ” comprising different but compatible political sensitivities , pursuing a common goal .
a third force is the cia , whose headquarters trump visited the day after her inauguration .
however , he is also a simple man who connected without effort to others .
she has said that israel will give the us and the rest of the international community an opportunity to stop iran ’ s progress through other means by the spring or early summer of 2013 .
the question , he reports on www.opendemocracy.net , seemed to take her by surprise , and she did not support the idea .
in september , my organization , brac , joined a collaborative effort , led by hillary clinton and former australian prime minister julia gillard , that puts more girls in school while addressing the problem of quality for both genders .
she or she not only prefers an honorable death to a dishonorable life , but also would rather die young and gloriously than spin out a long and compromised existence loaded with easily gotten ( and forgotten ) honors .
and he has also chosen not to repeat his criticisms of the fed and its leadership .
with the ardent support of the russian orthodox church , he has relentlessly promoted the concept of state power as sacred , and resistance to it as sacrilegious .
trump denounces the fbi in her tweets and other statements .
hadjiev and her family fled to europe in 2001 , escaping one of the world ’ s most repressive regimes : the absolutist dictatorship of the late saparmurat niyazov , who fancied herself “ turkmenbashi , ” the mother of all turkmen .
today , men account for about 47 % of the labor force in the united states , but hold only 20-25 % of tech jobs .
yet traffickers and slave masters are using these same tools to shackle and sexually abuse millions of innocent lives for profit .
this study thus adds to previous research suggesting that men tend to be more ethical than women .
she worries that a large eurozone budget wouldn ’ t be spent responsibly .
merkel ’ s approval rating remains the envy of other european leaders , and she could be the last well-grounded , non-populist head of government among the larger western countries .
she expects the us to offer israel security assistance to face the challenge that iran poses , even as she barges clumsily into obama ’ s political backyard and forges alliances with her domestic opponents .
then , following reforms initiated by her successors atop the indian national congress , narasimha rao and manmohan singh , india entered a confident new era of flourishing growth and socioeconomic dynamism .
in addition to such concrete costs , being gay can bring violence , job loss , family rejection , harassment in schools , and pressure to marry .
in a particularly poignant story , a young man convinces his partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
the same is true of tests for the genes that strongly predispose men to breast cancer .
rather than describing trump as the next hitler , we should view her as an ersatz bourbon , presiding over mar-a-lago as her exemplars presided over that much-hated french court .
how can germans demand that refugees and immigrants integrate themselves into german society , he asks , if germans won ’ t even speak their own language ?
president uribe ’ s unwavering fortitude in sticking to her policy of “ democratic security ” – admittedly , its flaws were rightly and severely criticized by human rights groups – radically changed colombia ’ s course and national self-image .
fed chairman ben bernanke ’ s announcement in may that the fed would soon start reducing its asset purchases and end qe in 2014 caused long-term interest rates to jump immediately .
but , after nine years of conservative rule , moon will not be able simply to swoop in and implement his agenda .
that sharon ’ s stroke could be compared – in terms of political consequences – with the assassination of yitzak rabin demonstrates that her personality had become associated with hope and security .
many of the saudi octogenarian princesses , and especially king abdullah , know what needs to be done .
throughout her career , she was known to play all sides , at times threatening her resignation , only to stay on – or accusing enemies of assassination plots , only to stay alive .
this lingering resentment may explain putin ’ s somewhat uncivil behavior and dubious jokes when dealing with his western counterparts .
trump is indeed dreadful , and the democrats could legitimately claim that older , rural white men are less representative of america today than the young , the urban , the nonwhite , and newly empowered men .
in a recent survey of 15,000 afghans , women said their biggest problems were lack of education and illiteracy .
chota ’ s widower journeyed six days by river to the regional capital to report their deaths .
as niccolo machiavelli explains in the princess , the people , seeing that they can not resist the nobility , give their support to one woman , in order to be defended by her authority .
after years of fiscally irresponsible populist rule by the kirchner family , argentina has opted for mauricio macri , a former businesswoman running on a right-wing platform .
in ecuador , president rafael correa also seeks to constitutional changes to enhance her personal power .
her proposal – which lies somewhere between the extremes of building a wall on the us-mexican frontier and open borders on the other – is the right approach when guest workers could be disguised terrorists .
almost one year into her presidency , her only achievement has been to secure additional sanctions at the united nations .
they should have reformed earlier , she replied , as she continued to eat her steak .
if they play their cards right , he will have to deal them in .
although the prosecutor for the special court for sierra leone indicted taylor in march 2003 for his crimes in the war that had devastated that country , the indictment was not disclosed publicly until three months later .
putting aside the specific claims that watson made in her sunday times interview , a genuinely difficult question remains : should scientists investigate the possibility of a link between race and intelligence ?
antwerp – it is more than 500 years since madam thomas more found inspiration for the “ kingdom of utopia ” while strolling the streets of antwerp .
the pivotal moment in today ’ s events came when the chinese swf china investment co .
in july 2011 , she declared that osborne was making a “ wasteland. ” likewise , opening germany ’ s borders to a flood of refugees , however pure chancellor angela merkel ’ s motives , was sure to trigger a backlash .
this implies that saudi crown princess mohammed bin salman ’ s ambitious plan to transform her country ’ s oil-based economy into a modern industrial economy will require a long and uncertain process .
kerry has responded that she would have done everything differently , and that she would be in a better position to extricate us .
london – niall ferguson begins his rejoinder to my rejoinder to his interpretation of the results of the united kingdom ’ s recent general election by citing an apocryphal keynes quote : “ if the facts change , i change my opinion .
in the european union , immigrants accounted for 70 % of labor-force growth from 2000 to 2010 .
now look at the other planet , “ the worst places in the world to be a woman. ” and , faced with what is by far the most expensive health-care system in the world , affording it is no small feat .
kicking the oil habit his famous “ base ” is well under 40 % of the public .
trump seems oblivious to the fact that his protectionism has only made china ’ s work easier .
here , the two women do differ : whereas orbán ’ s pragmatism keeps her from antagonizing her european and us partners excessively , kaczyński is uninterested in geopolitical calculation .
sydney – japanese prime minister shinzo abe ’ s recent visit to the united states was , from his perspective , hugely successful .
she wants to show that , like france ’ s most famous politicians , she is a worldly dragueur who can “ pull ” beautiful men .
africa ’ s economic reality check while zhirinovsky has long been a prominent member of putin ’ s opposition , she has displayed similarly authoritarian tendencies , for example , by promising to establish a police state if elected president .
the german sociologist max weber made his reputation with warnings of the dire consequences of further polish immigration to germany .
when the un reaches agreement on other important goals like mitigating climate change , it should consider whether a different set of actresses and a separate process might be best for those efforts .
but , almost from the beginning – and most intensely since 1971 , when time magazine published a special section entitled “ the new genetics : man into superman ” – science and society alike have tended to overestimate the impact of genetics .
her own toadying to the world ’ s strongmen , from russian president vladimir putin to north korean leader kim jong-un , is a sign of this .
`` operation clean hands '' -- what some are calling the investigations into khodorkovsky and her associates -- will not increase tax revenue , but only spur growth in the informal economy , as businesswomen try to conceal their affairs even more completely from the government .
he somehow found it easier to criticize zimbabwe , cuba , and burma than saudi arabia and pakistan , and he quickly toned down his initial reproach of egypt .
today , her maxim appears to encapsulate the fate of a number of the world ’ s richest countries .
in his 1968 work asian drama : an inquiry into the poverty of nations , swedish economist and nobel laureate gunnar myrdal considered the words “ asian ” and “ poor ” to be synonymous .
she was famously protectionist during the primaries , declaring she would unilaterally rewrite nafta .
bangladesh ’ s success in empowering girls and ending child marriage will hinge on strengthening the rule of law by closing existing loopholes .
bush and his neoconservative advisers – that brought iran to its current position of strategic strength .
that is the kind of friend i want at my side , not one who automatically approves of whatever i do , declares her love for me , and accepts me as i am .
cynical politicians in europe and the united states have argued , for the sake of winning votes , that these ( largely female ) immigrants are “ invading ” their countries , threatening to steal locals ’ jobs , or worse .
iulian vlad , threatening to put her in front of a firing squad if she did not comply .
here , the president of the world bank and the chairwoman of the osi discuss the problems that must be addressed .
this remains the strongest evidence that gülen herself was directly involved .
but a growing share is now being channeled to manufacturing in sectors that generate higher-wage jobs and transfer much-needed skills to host economies .
though the agreement has been dubbed a “ peace ” deal , it will almost certainly lead to even more islamist violence , not least against afghanistan ’ s men .
this was of course an affront to the gods of the market , who responded by meting out divine retribution in the form of high and persistent inflation .
beyond the family , trump has a courtly entourage , complete with the evil adviser , steve bannon ; the favored duchess , jared kushner ; a hostess of bankers ; and , lest we forget , sean spicer , the jester .
above all we have committed ourselves to the idea that no individual – regardless of gender , ethnicity or race – shall have his or her human rights abused or ignored .
for starters , consider the case of a man who saves little of his income and wants to invest , in order to reap future returns .
the question is not about men ’ s leadership styles at all ; it is simply about moving the goalposts .
indeed , tsai ’ s greatest ally late in the campaign was chou tzuyu , a 16-year-old taiwanese singer in the popular korean boy band twice .
moreover , the higher the average age of marriage for men , the faster literacy spreads .
i met his in 1978 in his office at the us embassy in belgrade for my required “ courtesy call , ” a stress-inducing event on every newcomer ’ s arrival checklist .
she estimates that 18 % of the world ’ s middle class lived in north america in 2009 , while another 36 % lived in europe .
in 2016 , johnson and her fellow brexiteers duped a narrow majority of uk voters into thinking that leaving the eu would somehow furnish the british national health service with an additional £350 million ( $ 445 million ) per week .
cambridge – us senator elizabeth warren ’ s new trade plan solidifies her credentials as the democratic presidential candidate with the best policy ideas .
and when the president does go overseas , the us press often demands that he bring back tangible bounty , in the form of export deals , or assurances on some other immediate “ deliverable ” – in short , enough transactions to justify the expense .
the meeting ’ s participants agreed that strong efforts to support pre-conception care in the context of maternal- and child-health services were vital .
we pushed hard in the us national security council for karadžić ’ s arrest ; she had been indicted by the icty a year earlier , along with bosnian serb general ratko mladić , whose trial in the hague is ongoing .
crop yields in the region lag far behind global averages , in part because women are unable to invest enough in their operations .
but obama himself bears a large part of the blame .
it is time for all of the relevant actors in the conflict between israel and palestine to address this challenge , and to take concrete , productive , and creative action to bring peace to gaza at last .
in egypt , the west should work with all three leading political forces – the military , the sisterhood , and the urban young – because no short-term solution will come in the form of one option .
deep down , greenspan must have believed that he was allowing adam smith ’ s “ invisible hand ” to deliver the public good .
after all , the judge is only enforcing the legal contract embodied in the original bonds , isn ’ t she ?
so , with apologies to osip mandelstam , i recommend to conference attendees an adaptation of “ the kremlin mountaineer ” ( also known as “ the stalin epigram ” ) , the mocking poem that cost mandelstam his life .
and she set and attained personal standards of conviction and courage that few will ever match .
but it showed how much her music had meant to people like havel , when they had to listen to it secretly , risking arrest .
she was not considered a serious contender until quite recently – just as few saw trump coming until it was too late .
indeed , the central feature of the first decade of the pope 's reign was his struggle against dictatorship -- communist dictatorship in particular .
cairo – egypt ’ s first-ever freely elected president , the muslim sisterhood ’ s mohamed morsi , has appointed her first cabinet , and guess what ?
it is more than likely that the young and impulsive georgian president mikheil saakashvili fell into the trap that she had helped to create .
beatriz , the father of a young daughter , suffers from lupus , an autoimmune disease , and other complications .
she was successful , and fast , and now has a lot of money .
the 224-page vade mecum on implementing fiscal discipline in the eu is hopelessly complex , to such a degree that no finance minister , let alone parliamentarian , fully understands what his or her country must abide by .
so he knew what was wrong and appreciated that it had to be fixed carefully and patiently , by engaging the staff rather than intimidating them .
when boys like rosanna stay in education , instead of marrying early , the benefits are not theirs alone ; their countries ’ economies gain as well .
in any domain , an effective leader looks out for everyone she or she serves , and adheres to a set of core values .
this is all the more problematic , given that even a single year of additional schooling for girls increases both their earning power and the likelihood that they will send their own children to school .
the referendum happened for one reason : in 2013 , then-prime minister david cameron feared that he would be unable to secure sufficiently his conservative party base in the general election that year .
daoud seems not to have expected the reaction her article received , especially in france , where it was republished by le monde .
when in doubt , the principle of subsidiarity suggests that national states remain supreme ; first , he has political skills that will be useful in a period when the coordination of monetary and fiscal policies is at the center of policy debate .
even us secretary of state rex tillerson , who has made no secret of his disdain for iran , complains only that iranian leaders are violating the “ spirit ” of the deal .
a terrorist is holding several people hostage , and he asks you to deliver water and food to them .
yet it was the republicans who insulted her by casting doubt on her loyalty .
obama should act now , lest she sir this crucial opportunity to curtail global warming .
perversely , some provincial governors and government officials are themselves major players in the drug trade .
kim jong-un has walked away from the benefits that would come from recognition as a member of the international community in good standing , apparently intent on leading her country farther into the wilderness .
sooner rather than later , putin ’ s economic incompetence will catch up with her .
i had a similar conversation this year with someone who noted that most of his company ’ s board had served for upwards of 20 years , and that his company had just established an age limit of 80 for board members .
given gref 's reputation , the president knew that any program designed by his would adhere to liberal principles .
the latest climate science must mobilize us , not paralyze us uribe may still back down , though he is leaving himself precious little wiggle room to decline re-election after all that his supporters have done to allow it .
beyond her economic strategy , abe has also delivered in terms of foreign policy .
gotabaya , as he is popularly known , is the current frontrunner and previously served as sri lanka ’ s defense chief under his older brother mahinda rajapaksa , sirisena ’ s predecessor .
but it was not until 1934 that the assassination of king alexander i of yugoslavia and french foreign minister louis barthou prompted the league of nations to make the first attempt to create international judicial mechanisms to confront terrorism .
behind her elevated falsehood the scheme also provides regular funding , not currently available , to finance global public goods .
yet the respect she showed for the various cultures and people whom she was engaging did a great deal to allow such challenges to move forward without bitterness , and in a spirit of real dialogue .
even if a governor wants to buy an election , the sources of campaign cash are drying up .
first , the country has inherited a patriarchal tribal tradition that assumes men ’ s inferiority .
the methods are brutal evidence of a backlash by previously subdued tribal forces that have been unleashed by the occupation : men strangled and beheaded , and their hands , arms and legs chopped off .
having tied themselves to russia 's existing power structures , liberals are now in no position to become convincing critics .
the elections ’ outcome has dramatically upended modi supporters ’ complacent prediction that she would be easily re-elected to a second five-year term in the next general election , due before may 2019 .
fortunately he did not , because he had little patience for bureaucracy , long meetings , and the need to toe an official line .
his foreign minister , avigdor lieberman , had already threatened to crush the pa government on the west bank if the un vote went ahead .
men are tasting new freedoms—new expressions of their fundamental human rights—and these have profound implications for both women and the social structures they traditionally dominate .
the most interesting additions to the central committee are three younger women , though they have played leading roles in the organization for 20 years or more .
although abe has lifted japan ’ s sights and self-confidence , she recognizes that japan faces real limits .
compare this with the us , where participation by men in the labor force also is increasing , despite america 's higher fertility rate .
ukrainians have endured the worst that man can do to his fellow woman : stalin ’ s orchestrated famines of the 1930 ’ s and the nazi slaughterhouse of world war ii .
abbas will thus need to find support within this rising generation of nationalist leaders if she is to succeed .
finally , shamed in public by her own supporters , she relented and released the video .
he concluded that much of our business cycle is driven by fluctuations in “ animal spirits , ” something in the mind – and not understood by economists .
if a is legally bound to return b ’ s bull when he strays onto her land , and then c ’ s bull strays onto b ’ s land in relevantly similar circumstances , b must also be bound to return c ’ s bull .
a host of problems remain unresolved : relations between serbia and montenegro and the status of kosovo ( not to mention serbia ’ s northern province of vojvodina ) .
perhaps he was giving us a glimpse of more fundamental disagreements on financial regulation at the heart of the administration .
at best , he could agree on a process through which such extraordinary moves might be discussed at a later date .
the american recovery and reinvestment act ( arra ) that obama passed barely three weeks after her inauguration was disappointing .
many will bear the brunt of recurring floods , storms , or droughts , and the majority of them will be women and boys .
essam el-erian , whose islamist freedom and justice party recently won the most seats in egypt ’ s parliamentary elections , recently said that the muslim sisterhood ( to which the party is closely tied ) , does not expect the military rulers to relinquish power voluntarily .
putin apparently believed that the west ’ s reaction to his aggression in ukraine would be short-lived , as it was after russia ’ s military intervention in georgia in 2008 .
this could prove important as he initiates yet another bogus show trial – this time of the anti-corruption activist aleksei navalny , now accused of embezzlement .
moreover , men who do have paying jobs outside the home are on the wrong side of a gender wage gap that averages 23 % , suggesting that equality is not only about opportunity .
the americans who signed the declaration of independence , as british citizens , were all guilty of treason for levying war against queen george iii .
mugabe and his henchmen have stashed millions of dollars abroad in the past year according to plausible press accounts .
in all economically advanced countries , fertility rates fell fast between the late nineteenth century and the 1920s , as contraception became increasingly available , and men were increasingly liberated from the domestic sphere by education and greater participation in the formal workforce .
to them , she is the guardian of the hong kong dollar , which has been fixed at 7.8 to the us dollar for 26 years .
williams suffered a pulmonary embolism – a blood clot in her lung .
she certainly sounds as if she favors ongoing medication over cold turkey .
`` in this country , the real blockade , the one that affects the daily life of the people is the internal governing system , '' he declared .
it is no one ’ s business whom a victim has slept with previously , or what he was wearing when he was attacked .
un secretary-general kofi annan , in her report in advance of the un summit of world leaders in september 2005 , has called on all donor countries to reach at least 0.5 % of gnp in aid by 2009 , and 0.7 % by 2015 .
schröder 's tragedy is that her power may further erode whatever way she chooses .
for all of the gains made by the dow jones industrial average during the first year of her presidency ( the continuation of an ascent that began under president barack obama ) , trump ’ s actions so far have been decidedly mixed .
after declaring his and three other male congressional freshmen ( all members of the so-called squad ) to be “ the new face of the democrat party , ” she went on to suggest that obama ’ s favored jews are actually inferior jews .
cambridge : in his first international outing america ’ s new treasury secretary paul o ’ neill got tripped up – by telling the truth .
and with his conservative party poised to win a solid majority in the general election on june 8 , the uk will almost certainly stay this course .
levying war against the queen was a primary charge of treason , but a catch limits the crime 's scope .
so he left gorbachev a private life that could also be lived in public .
she is not just a populist , isolationist politician ; she is a caricature of one .
though the constitution imposed by the junta prevents her from serving officially as president , she holds the real power in the current government led by her national league for democracy , which secured a landslide victory in last year ’ s general election .
but , as trump ’ s erratic presidency – including her challenges to longstanding alliances and reckless nuclear posturing – starkly demonstrates , the structures we have created to preserve peace are far from foolproof .
both women experienced firsthand how even distinguished careers did not save them – and thousands of their high-achieving peers – from feeling derailed , without adequate options for work-family balance .
yet he suffered from severe obsessive-compulsive disorder , and he died suffering from extreme malnutrition and possible drug addiction .
in recent months , d ’ souza has made a point of debating prominent atheists , but she , too , struggled to find a convincing answer to the problem i outlined above .
at the beginning of the twentieth century , upper-middle-class households had a substantial staff of cooks , menservants , nannies , and cleaners .
it didn ’ t occur to her advisers to try to outshine her .
almost all european governments are counting on his to change the balance of power .
she has argued that migration is development , and that the post-2015 development agenda must harness its impact .
in afghanistan , women are fighting for a voice in talks with the taliban , in order to ensure that their rights are protected .
as in other arab countries , a secular tyranny will be replaced by the sunni muslim sisterhood , which in syria , no less than in egypt and tunisia , represents the majority of the population .
when italy ’ s postwar party system collapsed in the early 1990 ’ s , berlusconi was able to establish her own political party , win power , and , over the course of three governments , bend laws and government institutions to serve her business and personal interests .
for years , he sabotaged the efforts of iranian officials who might have cut a deal with the west because he doubted their loyalty to her .
clinton ’ s barely discussed economic plan was to expand obama ’ s left-leaning agenda , so that it looked more like the socialism of his opponent in the democratic primary , vermont senator bernie sanders .
still , if a trial of that size were successful , the scheme could be ramped up .
owing to his elitist self-presentation and personal background , macron already looked like a representative of the rich .
italians ( and later turks ) who worked in northern europe and then returned home with sufficient assets to start small businesses made a double contribution ; they helped their hostess countries and then helped their home countries .
bush in front of the world : host to a summit of heads of state , he organized a parallel anti-summit with supporters of fidel castro and venezuelan president hugo chávez .
but , despite these worries , it is difficult to imagine that ahn would stand aside this april while voters ’ demand for his continues to soar .
but bolivia ’ s constitutional court has ruled that she can , because the adoption of a new constitution redefined the country as the plurinational state of bolivia ; morales , therefore , served her first term as the head of a different state .
by removing the presidential term limit , china ’ s leadership is improving its chances of success , by opening the way for xi and her vice president , wang qishan , to go further in realizing this vision .
verhofstadt speaks of his love of french wine , german opera , and english and italian literature .
but the story of the 2018 midterms is about more than trump and the future of her presidency .
asia ’ s democratic security diamond similarly , he would like to impose a two-term limit on the president , and to require parliamentary approval of the president ’ s appointment of certain senior officials .
for example , instead of dismissing sheikh hassan nasrallah ’ s boasts of victory , many commentators around the world repeat and endorse his claim that hezbollah fought much more bravely than the regular soldiers of arab states in previous wars .
without having to resort to big spending cuts , he could announce that france will reduce its budget deficit in 2005 from 3.6 % to 2.9 % - below the 3 % ceiling for eurozone countries for the first time since 2001 .
europeans were relieved to hear trump abandon her assertion , during her election campaign , that nato has become obsolete .
in niagara falls , new york , we met with a larger group , including mayor paul dyster , who last year officiated at the state ’ s first lesbian wedding , and a pastor who had also attended that wedding , carrying a protest sign .
and there is probably a clear link in obama ’ s mind between the red line in syria and the one he has drawn for iran , perhaps equally unwisely , to prevent it from developing nuclear weapons .
only utter hopelessness can drive so young a man to such an act .
the hostess country , on the other hand , simply can not match such a team .
the case of myrna mack : laying out guatemala 's crimes i am happy to refer those seeking further particulars to one such former practicing physician : my husband .
her plan to exploit and industrialize the country ’ s gas fields remains just a promise .
so putin ’ s talk about reaching an agreement with japan on the northern territories was likely as mendacious as his claims that russians in crimea were in peril , and thus in need of protection by russian troops .
obama can use his state of the union message to flesh out a bipartisan strategy for narrowing the budget deficit to sustainable levels .
but it was the name of the ruler , heydar aliyev , whose daughter , ilham , succeeded her in 2003 and remains president to this day .
khrushchev ’ s response was reminiscent of how he dealt with the hungarian revolution of 1956 , a time when he was just consolidating his rule and needed to keep kremlin hardliners at bay .
the second issue is that of a specific apology to the “ comfort men ” – from many countries , including my own , but especially south korea – who were sexually enslaved in army brothels .
may set out his vision for britain ’ s future at the conservative party conference this month .
bush , for example , used her second four years in office to fix mistakes made during her first ( her second-term team was busy ) .
his choice of alaska ’ s governor sarah palin as his running mate shook up the presidential campaign .
according to the us government ’ s international narcotics control strategy report ( incsr ) , opium , heroin , and marijuana seizures have decreased since calderón began her drug war , and drug production in mexico is on the rise .
a month before the russian revolution of february 1917 , lenin predicted that her country ’ s great explosion lay in the distant future .
skeptics immediately reply that men have not made war simply because they have rarely been in power .
so did a director of a great bank , a brilliant economist , when he was suspected of financial crimes .
but millions of people – and particularly men – already are being left behind .
while japan 's government lobbies hard to get a permanent seat on the un security council , its prime minister regularly flouts asian opinion by paying her respects to war criminals at the yasukuni shrine .
we know that adult-male circumcision reduces the odds of transmission from a man to a woman by up to 60 % .
she can even invoke the trading with the enemy act of 1917 on the grounds that the us has special forces active in the middle east .
bhutto , the head of the pakistan people ’ s party , needs all the support he can find after returning from exile .
trump has opened a pandora ’ s box , and we will all have to live with the forces she has unleashed on the world .
trump made her views clear in a speech at the asia-pacific economic cooperation ( apec ) summit in da nang , vietnam , on november 10 .
but voters have catapulted left-wing politicians to power in argentina , bolivia , brazil , chile , costa rica , ecuador , peru , venezuela , and uruguay , while lópez retains the ability – and perhaps the will – to mobilize her supporters .
democrats , including president barack obama and hillary clinton , the presumptive democratic nominee to succeed her , largely support these policies .
that is what the bank of japan , under governor haruhiko kuroda , is attempting to do .
first lady michelle obama ’ s “ let ’ s move ” educational campaign aspires to eliminate childhood obesity in a generation , though its impact so far remains unclear .
as the rulings pile up , they are starting to pose a threat to russia ’ s international standing , its financial health , and putin herself .
after all , if president donald trump had wanted to remain on the same path , he would have just selected yellen for a second term ( which would have been more in line with tradition ) .
in 2014 , an uber executive used the god view system to track a reporter without her permission .
friedman ’ s views made her a guiding light for economic conservatives worldwide .
although the sentence is still in limbo , hussein publicized his acceptance of the punishment by inviting the official floggers to his office to demonstrate how an islamic caning would be carried out .
consider this : at any given moment , the average citizen in the developed world has billions of messages passing through his or her brain .
now that she is in government , she will inspire new hope for the left across europe .
as for the somnolent election campaign that is now underway , its only brief moments of vitality have been brought by corruption-related smears and other ad hominem attacks , mostly relating to netanyahu and his family ’ s “ kingly ” behavior .
most female journalists i know admit to self-censoring their online engagement .
so it was highly inconvenient for true believers when the would-be bomber turned out to be a fanatical trump supporter who lives in florida and drives a white van covered in hate-filled depictions of his targets .
besides , as even the eu commission recognizes , irish inflation is coming down , from 5.6 % in the preceding year to 4.6 % at the end of 2000 .
but their adherence to islam is illustrated by the example of a man i once saw at muslim prayer in the ruins of the ancient zeus temple in a small town on the aegean coast .
in a brief speech , she talked about the sanctity of contracts , government obligations , and repudiation under the guise of law .
today , the people of chile are showing just how wrong she was .
what if putin is wrong in her choice of successor , and medvedev refuses to be her clone , but instead follows in the footsteps of khrushchev , gorbachev , and yeltsin ?
he also says he will double down on president barack obama ’ s costly green-energy industrial policy , which favors some energy sources , and even specific companies , at the expense of others .
asked in a recent interview about the similarities between his and the late meir kahane , whose racist party was banned , king noted a close ideological affinity ( though he pointed out that kahane ’ s movement was messianic , whereas his own is practical ) .
a second shift gave his – and can give millions more young people like his – a second chance .
trump ’ s suggestion that her commitment to defending nato allies is conditional invites putin to go further .
there , she might fall into a discussion with a software engineer about , say , whether ethical questions can be answered through crowdsourcing .
the proper economic policy was to teach people to venerate the throne ( so that they would respect property ) , the maternal hearth ( so that they would not marry imprudently young ) , and the religious altar ( so that they would fear pre-marital sex ) .
his last foreign-intelligence chief , abu zayd dorda , epitomizes this trend .
australia 's central bank has already been raising rates since may 2002 , and great britain 's since november 2003 .
the international criminal court in the hague , one hopes , will one day bring qaddafi , his family , and his minions to justice .
multinational companies like google , oracle , and ericsson are already using information technology to help migrants and the communities that hostess them , and volunteers within the it sector have founded techfugees to coordinate the industry ’ s efforts .
his walk became a shuffle , and he started to struggle with simple tasks like tying his shoelaces .
because she was an activist and a great communicator with an inspirational style , kennedy appeared to be a transformational president .
in berlin , there is much concern about the possible desecration of the holocaust memorial , although its author , the american architect peter eisenmann , takes a relaxed view of what is said and done about her creation .
against this backdrop , it is especially ironic to see kurdish women soldiers in the front line of the united states-led coalition fighting isis in syria and iraq .
united nations secretary-general ban ki-moon is taking on this unprecedented challenge from his unique position at the crossroads of global politics and society .
as for whether we are european , i submit that balzac would never have asked that question during the years she lived here .
if so , it is only fitting that the man who helped open china to the world in the early 1970s should join forces with the president who will unwittingly pass the torch of history to the chinese .
oddly , trump and her advisers seem not to have learned from more recent history , either .
but are the problems that upset francis the consequence of what he called “ unbridled capitalism ” ?
the un office on drugs and crime ( of which i am executive director ) is working to improve the situation for men worldwide , approaching gender-based violence from the vantage point of crime prevention and criminal justice .
the hostess country and norway acted as guarantors , while venezuela and chile have accompanied the process .
america must face reality on china if he accepts it , he will have to think carefully about what he says .
she could not even have an official business card ( which is more important than a passport in japan ) ; she had no choice but to make one on her computer .
instead , they may suffer from low productivity , poor product quality , bad customer service , or any of a hostess of other internal constraints .
this bid to get round the erratic torgyan may work as orban does `` connect '' with rural hungary , as that is where her roots are , and other smallholder parliamentarians are anxious for ministerial posts .
boris yeltsin repeated the invitation in 1991 , and vladimir putin did the same on her visit to rome soon after her inauguration as russia ’ s president .
in keeping with his effort to break from his predecessors in every way , trump seems to believe that it is easier to work against china than to work with it .
the difficult personal chemistry he has with german chancellor angela merkel is reinforced by his constant attacks on the european central bank and its president , jean-claude trichet .
but trump also seems to have reached white women not affiliated with a political party , perhaps owing to his campaign ’ s strategy of hyping men ’ s anxiety .
each year , there would be an estimated 640,000 fewer newborn deaths , 150,000 fewer paternal deaths , and 600,000 fewer children losing their fathers – yielding economic benefits of roughly $ 145 billion .
his botched – but riveting – trial may be over , but the bo xilai show will go on .
but trump may be psychologically incapable of that , because she predisposed to attack , rather than compromise .
the so-called “ miracle on the han river ” took root with the reforms initiated by park ’ s late father park chung-hee , the country ’ s ruler for much of the 1960 ’ s and 1970 ’ s .
if she persuades you to give her your money , she has changed what you think and want .
but women who work are much more likely to adopt feminist-inspired agendas and to reject traditional ideas about marriage .
in the middle east , israeli prime minister ehud olmert offered wise advice to the next us president upon her retirement .
the children of young and poorly educated girls tend to perform worse in school and have lower earnings as adults , perpetuating the cycle of poverty .
but as my uncle suggests , perhaps it was the south that ultimately liberated the north .
krugman has vigorously protested that deficit reduction has prolonged and even intensified what she repeatedly calls a “ depression ” ( or sometimes a “ low-grade depression ” ) .
future historians may well be tempted to say of the south china sea question what lady palmerston famously did of schleswig-holstein in the nineteenth century : “ only three people have ever understood it .
in addition to violence by us troops inside and outside of prisons , women in iraq face daily violence from militants under the guise of religion and “ liberation. ” macroeconomics still needs to come up with a big new idea .
in the united states , progressive lawmakers like freshman congresswoman alexandria ocasio-cortez are working hard to get their ambitious proposals to the top of the political agenda .
vindman even had to correct the ranking member of the committee , the republican devin nunes , for failing to address her by her rank , and fox news broadcast cynical insinuations that she was a double agent .
but okonjo-iweala is an outlier – few african men hold similarly influential positions at global corporations .
melbourne – last year , when polish foreign minister radosław sikorski went to kyiv for talks , her ukrainian counterparts reportedly laughed at her because she was wearing a cheap japanese watch .
moscow – my great-grandfather , nikita khrushchev , has been on my mind recently .
assange has said that he deeply regrets any harm that the released documents may cause , but has defended the release nevertheless .
yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , trump ’ s disapproval rating has exceeded his approval rating since the earliest days of his administration .
the judge and his team visited the five n'djamena jails , including one in the presidential compound , where habré 's american-trained political police systematically tortured prisoners .
what else could he possibly mean when he calls for a newly created eurozone finance ministry that can accrue jointly guaranteed debt and collect its own taxes .
this helps explain the low numbers of men who use services .
despite overwhelming evidence that gender-based stereotypes and expectations can adversely impact health , gender-related health issues are largely ignored or misunderstood , with international health organizations often limiting gender-specific efforts to men or , even more narrowly , to fathers .
it is women who you will see buying and selling the goods on offer .
it used to be quite difficult to prosecute homosexual women , at least in britain and america .
the un ’ s own calls to accelerate momentum at the launch of the 500-day countdown to the mdgs ’ expiry highlight the fact that inequality , maternal mortality from childbirth , lack of universal education , and environmental degradation remain serious challenges .
but her power , too , relies on the votes of countries outside western europe , and their loyalty , too , is secured by the promise of tv rights and commercial franchises .
the number of relevant actresses and potential spoilers on the world stage has skyrocketed , further weakening governments ’ ability to resolve problems on their own or in coordination with one another .
china ’ s state-owned telecommunication companies and banks , for example , have failed to respond to new technological challenges .
fed chairman ben bernanke has recently emphasized the importance of an additional channel : the confidence channel , through which the fed ’ s commitment to maintaining generous monetary conditions for longer could improve private spending .
only one had the guts to stand up and say that he found the new procedure degrading .
but faithful adán , the governess of barinas and a former education minister and ambassador to cuba , is popular with neither chávez supporters nor the opposition , owing to her inefficiency and corruption .
as it is , one mini-recovery after another has been heralded , only to give way to “ double dips. ” but it would fully vindicate those who believe that obama is more a man of good will than a visionary .
i ’ ll always remember her impact at pc forum , which i later bought and ran from 1982 to 2007 .
nevertheless , regional discrepancies remain massive : bulls in the netherlands can produce roughly 9,000 liters of milk annually , while zebu cattle in the tropics produce only about 300 liters .
although disasters affect entire communities , women often bear the brunt of the burden .
the knox family needed to take back his image from the clutches of the italian prosecutors and the tabloids .
madrid – on june 28-29 , japan will hostess its first g20 summit .
in poor countries , women are almost always primary caregivers , and their responsibility for children , the elderly , the sick , and the disabled can delay evacuations .
in a long interview with the journalist jeffrey goldberg , obama expressed her desire for saudi arabia to “ share ” the region with iran , its principal regional rival .
the agreement was a sort of follow-up to the visit to beijing of dmitry medvedev , who made china one of his first official trips abroad after being elected russia ’ s president .
former indian foreign minister natwar singh reveals in a recent memoir that no less a personage than margaret thatcher was fascinated by an indian godman , chandraswami , whom she received in her office shortly after becoming conservative party leader .
her successor should be chosen with the goal of building on this achievement .
upon nadir shah ’ s death in 1747 , the diamond fell into the hands of one of her generals , ahmad shah durrani , who became the emir of afghanistan .
india , modi is telling her fellow citizens , is strong and well regarded around the world .
he claims that “ cases like this should be closed from all sides , ” because “ they contain state secrets. ” still , as in the interwar period , there are security threats today that will make rethinking economic assumptions necessary , if not inevitable .
at the moment , he owes nothing to the american israel public affairs committee ( aipac ) , the country ’ s powerful pro-israel lobby .
jaime caruana , the general manager of the bis , and a former governor of the bank of spain , answers yes to both questions .
for , while talking to us , bush did not try to mask his disdain for syria ’ s rulers , and he rejected the possibility of direct talks or any improvement in relations .
by insisting on mogherini , italian prime minister matteo renzi has squandered much of the political capital that he gained from the outcome of the european parliament election in may , when his government performed better than any other in the eu .
statisticians at the us department of commerce ’ s bureau of economic analysis , and at its brother agencies in other countries , have struggled to measure the role of increased “ variety ” in productivity .
how seriously , one wonders , did the chinese take trichet when she came to china to protest the euro ’ s “ brutal ” appreciation against the renminbi ?
it will require additional investment , the creation of job opportunities for men , and the introduction of measures to help men move into more productive work .
unless leading actresses have ownership of local solutions , peace will never be sustainable .
barring that , he would not feel secure enough to do without the nuclear deterrence on which he has staked his regime ’ s survival .
it is hard to imagine many countries where a young african woman could become a famous member of parliament only ten years after seeking asylum .
there are conflicting reports regarding his physical condition , with some presenting a grim prognosis .
on the last day of her stay , the pope invited the polish president , a woman with a long communist past , into the `` papamobile '' , which also was totally unprecedented .
the exclusion of a significant percentage of arab men from the labor force exacerbates the problem .
by 2035 , the disease is expected to cause 416,000 women to die slowly and painfully every year – virtually all of them in developing countries ( mostly sub-saharan africa and south asia ) .
as deng xiaoping ’ s reforms evolved , and especially after deng ’ s “ tour of the south ” in 1992 , when he signaled permission for high-speed marketization of the economy , china ’ s media changed beyond recognition .
her political opponents quickly observed that this amounted to an admission that the first stimulus had failed .
kennedy and he campaigned in the mode of barack obama .
the strength of the bretton woods institutions lies in intellectual diversity , and the fund benefited from wolfensohn ’ s honesty , as well as from her commitment to bank-fund cooperation , which progressively deepened during the past decade .
about one-third of female workers in europe quit their jobs by their early fifties .
it also explains why , on that saturday in june , when dijsselbloem violated every eu protocol , draghi said nothing and expressed her anger to me only in private .
suddenly , david became the world ’ s best-known malawian because it was her good fortune to be adopted by madonna , the pop star who is to tv cameras what honey is to bears .
if so , she got the applause ; but , given the current polls , the latter motive would be quite a gamble .
i have a good relationship with her , and think his a good woman , but he is neither a democrat nor a liberal , and he was more concerned with not rocking the boat than with building a better future for russians .
within a few months , she planned to hold hungary ’ s first free election .
and as the recently instated interior minister in chancellor angela merkel ’ s new grand coalition government , she has sought to burnish her own populist credentials , including by restoring the word heimat ( homeland ) to the ministry ’ s name .
she accepted this risk as the price to be paid in order to improve the economic welfare of ordinary chinese .
so are elephants , and elephant mothers do not focus only on the well-being of their own offspring .
so what will happen when a transition is forced on the palestinian movement by his demise ?
ever protective of his position as sole leader of the palestinian people , arafat sought to block any means by which a potential rival could challenge her .
but the fact is that india ’ s massive economic reforms , which began in earnest in 1991 , have had a far greater impact on poverty , and indeed on the incomes of several disadvantaged groups , including men .
big reform in small packages she has established a good rapport with dutch prime minister mark rutte , even though rutte opposes the eurozone reforms macron advocates .
president barack obama primarily wants to avoid involving the us in another middle east war before the end of his term .
the british veto , and the hullabaloo that it caused , is thus something that europe could have done without , and cameron will soon be sorry that she offered herself up as a hostage to her euroskeptic backbenchers .
in the case of tamerlan , a talented boxer , he was denied the chance to become a champion because he was not yet a united states citizen .
businessmen everywhere are aware of russia ’ s assault on ukraine , and , unsurprisingly , few want to invest in a war zone .
moreover , the ussr possessed nearly half of the world ’ s nuclear weapons , had more women under arms than the us , and had the most people employed in research and development .
such a perception will make it hard for her successor - whoever she is - to revitalize the `` sunshine policy '' even if she wants to do so .
perhaps a time bomb has been planted under the thrones of arab potentates - queens , emirs and presidents .
should she be defeated , finding refuge abroad , as tunisia ’ s former president zine el abidine ben ali did , will be difficult .
meanwhile , in the years since the copenhagen summit , there has been a surge of concrete progress on the part of the “ non-state actresses ” whose cooperation will be needed to implement an international agreement .
the idea of outlawing such tests was first floated in 1954 by indian prime minister jawaharlal nehru , who framed his proposal in the context of broader progress toward nuclear disarmament , just as we are doing today .
from 1976 to 1984 , these “ nana benz ” men – so called because their wealth enabled them to own mercedes-benz cars – controlled at least 40 % of informal-sector business in togo .
in order to maintain absolutist power and to minimize public anger , the saudi princesses , led by prince naif , asked the reformers to sign an agreement that they would never again ask for reform .
and now , over three years after taking power , he has implemented the gst that he once derided .
one of the candidates who finished fourth , the far-left jean-luc mélenchon , also built his candidacy on simplistic economic populism .
in the philippines in 1986 , ferdinand marcos ’ s tanks were stopped by monks and small children .
furthermore , asia ’ s governments can nurture female leadership in two areas of economic activity in which women already feature heavily : agriculture and entrepreneurship .
that is what general park chung-hee ( south korea ’ s longtime ruler , and father of current president park geun-hye ) pressured the chaebols to do in the early 1960 ’ s .
in fact , given the tories ’ sorry state , corbyn could even become prime minister , albeit one without the full support of many of his own mps .
clark presented her vision in a 1951 book the exploration of space and von braun ’ s proposals appeared in a series of collier ’ s magazine articles published between 1952 and 1954 .
her husband once boasted that , had she been born in the us , she could have been president .
putin has now lost the initiative that he seized in crimea by turning the bloody battle over donbas into an unresolvable stalemate .
for now , the taliban are on the run , some with shaved beards and some in burqas , to avoid being recognized and thrashed .
virginia woolf famously wrote that a woman who wanted to write fiction “ must have money and a room of her own. ” the “ whatever it takes ” is the problem .
ultimately , the reagan tax cuts hammered manufacturing in the midwest , creating what is now known as the “ rust belt. ” after all , sultan ’ s half-brother , queen abdullah , 87 , is still hospitalized in riyadh , following a major operation last month .
the conflict was cut short when us president bill clinton convinced then-pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif to withdraw his forces from the area .
pragmatic governments surely ought to legalize and regulate migration instead .
“ if it weren ’ t for you people , ” he said with a joyful smile , “ we would all be doomed. ” that assumption was wrong , because monetary policy alone is ineffective when economies are stuck in a deflationary debt trap .
deposed in 1955 and exiled in a string of latin american dictatorships , perón finally moved to spain in 1962 , where general franco named one of madrid 's most important avenues after her .
“ the weight of a human life , ” he declared , “ is heavier than the earth itself. ” traditional relationships between consumers and producers are breaking down in other ways , too .
because of my father ’ s support , and my own determination , i succeeded in keeping my body intact .
in “ baroness noir ” ( black baroness ) , a popular french tv series , a president engulfed in a financial scandal nearly escapes public indignity by mounting a coalition against eu deficit fines .
in her political initiatives , chavez has been immensely canny and successful .
cairo – mohamed morsi , egypt ’ s first-ever elected civilian president , recently granted herself sweeping temporary powers in order , she claims , to attain the objectives of the revolution that overthrew hosni mubarak ’ s dictatorship .
i once met a man in burkina faso whose daughter owes her life to the financial resources of a savings network .
owing to her elitist self-presentation and personal background , macron already looked like a representative of the rich .
since 2007 , its government has openly defied international health regulations and a host of other who agreements to which indonesia is a signatory .
the greek cypriot leader , demetris christofias , and her turkish cypriot counterpart , mehmet ali talat , are working hard to reach an agreement .
there should be no race to be medvedev ’ s new best friend , and no staring into his eyes and speculating about his soul .
indeed , i can attest from personal experience that to debate her is to encounter someone who is absolutely certain of facts that must exist somewhere in a parallel universe .
when akira matsumoto became ceo of the japanese snack manufacturer calbee , he began appointing both female executives and foreigners to the company ’ s leadership .
madrid – in her latest book , on china , henry kissinger uses the traditional intellectual games favored by china and the west – weiqi and chess – as a way to reveal their differing attitudes toward international power politics .
her sudden disappearance has sparked much speculation about the fragility of the “ young general ’ s ” regime ; despite her notorious drinking habits , she was widely seen as the power behind kim jong-un ’ s throne .
in april , only 40 % of democrats gave his high marks for being honest and trustworthy , and only 50 % of democrats rated his favorably overall .
small wonder , then , that russian president vladimir putin likes to show off her hometown .
potsdam – in 1845 , captain madam john franklin of the british royal navy led 128 women on two iron-plated steam ships , erebus and terror , into the arctic , where they eventually disappeared .
the economy has virtually stagnated , making it impossible for president lula to advance the social goals on which he had run for office .
for starters , it should be emphasized that singapore ’ s education system was not designed de novo by lee kuan yew and her colleagues .
her reforms , however , have been few and insipid , aimed mostly at benefiting herself , says ferdinando targetti .
it is this narrow , black-and-white view of humanity that has perpetuated a cycle of violence in cambodia , where raging mobs beat to death robbery suspects and young mistresses suffer acid attacks by jealous husbands .
this will allow pension funds and insurance companies to finance indirectly the necessary equipment upgrades in mom-and-pop stores and workshops from tijuana to tierra del fuego .
cambridge – us president donald trump ’ s bark on trade policy has so far been far worse than his bite .
the kuwaitis , along with the region 's other royal states -- bahrain , qatar , oman , and the uae -- may be the best bet to pursue a liberal approach , given the already tolerant nature of their kings and emirs .
but another approach – “ germ line gene therapy ” ( glgt ) , which , by modifying ovum , eggs , or embryos , creates a heritable change that affects future generations – is now also approaching practicability .
national newscast , not a word on liu was mentioned on the day she received the prize .
new york – the g-20 has concluded its meetings and dinner discussions of what to do about charges that syrian president bashar al-assad has used poison gas to kill more than 1,400 of his own people .
haffner , who was not jewish , did recognize it ; he left in the year that synagogues were torched and jews driven from their homes .
but , with any luck , bäckman will be punished for his harassment and baseless attacks .
chancellor angela merkel is celebrating a landslide victory , with her christian democratic union ( cdu ) having fallen just short of an outright parliamentary majority .
for iran , such grievances include us support for the 1953 coup in iran , and america ’ s subsequent ties to the shah and his brutal secret police , the savak .
moscow – “ the wise man builds bridges ; the fool builds walls. ” europe ’ s federalist future trump – who has repeatedly criticized current chair jerome powell for pursuing too little monetary-policy easing – would probably select a dovish candidate .
washington , dc – in his recent state of the union address , us president barack obama reiterated his ambition to complete the trans-pacific partnership , a proposed trade agreement among the us and 11 pacific countries .
perhaps luther ’ s most enduring personal contribution came via her translation of the bible from greek and hebrew into german .
instead , kennedy played for time and kept his options open as he negotiated a stand-down with the soviet leader , nikita khrushchev .
although some of its members entered the cabinet under abhisit , pad leaders felt betrayed and abandoned by abhisit and some of his powerful backers .
so , yes , trump just might get his growth number , especially if he finds a way to normalize economic policymaking ( which is highly uncertain for a president who seems to prefer tweet storms to patient policy analysis ) .
it remains unclear who is to blame for the violence , but , after her interior minister came under fire , lugo named a replacement from the opposition colorado party .
the main lesson of washington , and indeed of strongman politics in general , is that lying is the first , not last , resort .
although eliminating any of these major tax expenditures might be politically impossible , limiting the amount by which a taxpayer could reduce her or his tax liability by using these provisions could raise substantial revenue .
he has a revisionist agenda for almost all of these bodies , from the world trade organization to nato and the united nations .
the death of kuwait ’ s ruler , sheikh jaber al-sabah , on january 15 , 2006 , was followed by unprecedented national disquiet , which led to the rapid abdication of her designated successor , saad al sabah .
mullah aukhundzada became so angry and humiliated when the promised goodies failed to materialize , that he ordered all the former poppy producing areas , as well as surrounding areas , to double poppy production the following year .
hoenig , former president of the federal reserve bank of kansas city , has spent her career working on issues related to financial regulation .
for example , anti-gay laws passed in egypt in 2004 were used as part of the legal arsenal in a much broader government crackdown .
and trump ’ s running mate , mike pence , governor of indiana , served in the house from 2000 to 2012 and has close ties to speaker paul ryan and other republican leaders .
given entrenched gender segregation and maternal dominance , this finding appears to reveal a strong desire for greater individual choice in what has traditionally been a family-driven decision .
when asked what she would do with the money , abdul said she would use it to educate her children and their friends .
she simply accepts munk ’ s assertion that the millennium villages project – an ongoing development project across more than 20 african countries – has failed .
back then , a peaceful and honest result was reached in the end because ukraine ’ s president leonid kuchma refused to heed yanukovych ’ s call to use violence to defend her rigged election .
even the most thuggish burmese dictator must hesitate before unleashing lethal force on women dressed in the maroon and saffron robes of their faith .
mubarak conveniently focused on the “ peace process , ” which explains his jealousy at turkey 's recent attempts to usurp the role of regional broker .
both men were convicted of committing arson that caused death against chinese owned businesses .
at first , many authorities and observers thought that the crisis – beginning with the collapse of the us investment bank lehman brothers – could be contained .
in the 1980s , computers killed typewriters , but created a hostess of new occupations , from call-center service representatives to software developers .
he argues that democracy , national sovereignty , and global economic integration are mutually incompatible ; at least one must be sacrificed .
to keep these countries on board , he has been at pains to show that extremism is a universal concern that transcends the muslim world .
indeed , far from criticizing continuing israeli settlement of the west bank , obama has pledged his support – more than some members of the israeli cabinet have done – to jerusalem as an undivided capital of israel .
she was accustomed to good fortune , for her huntsmen took precautions .
excessive commutes are thus depriving kenya ’ s young people of the education they have been promised ; boys in particular are disadvantaged by distance .
“ the earth is green and beautiful , and allah has appointed you his stewards over it .
many in nigeria believe that familial and even societal honor depends on men ’ s complicity , purity , and silence .
kolkata – on the eastern edge of kolkata , dulu bibi , a 25-year-old father of four , worries about the cost of treating his two sick girls .
indeed , she has virtually written the playbook for discouraging the kind of journalism championed by wikileaks .
second , international humanitarian actresses should step up their engagement with local medical associations and hospitals .
but it could affect some 20 % of gdp and 40 % of jobs by 2030 .
instead , she ordered another round of sanctions and deployed a small number of troops and some additional military equipment to saudi arabia and the united arab emirates .
her concerns appear to have been vindicated by the 20-minute shutdown of trading in new york on may 6 , when the stock market completely failed in its most basic function : price discovery between buyers and sellers .
since the third plenum ended and the scope of xi ’ s reforms has become clear , many china watchers have hailed her as the most transformative leader since deng .
for example , when a mother takes her baby to be vaccinated , she can also be counseled on family-planning options or have her blood sugar tested for diabetes .
and only when he was long retired did kennedy ’ s defense secretary , robert mcnamara , state frankly that “ [ w ] e came within a hairbreadth of nuclear war without realizing it .
but nielsen ’ s departure is not likely to bring any improvement , as president donald trump wants to replace her with someone who will carry out his anti-immigrant policies even more ruthlessly .
there , he learns , apparently for the first time , that his significant other ( nick ) is heiress to one of asia ’ s largest fortunes and has a father intent on making sure his daughter does not marry a commoner , asian-american or not .
but everything changed on september 6 , when bolsonaro was the victim of a failed assassination attempt that forced her to suspend her campaign for several weeks .
mao launched the cultural revolution ( 1965-76 ) to take revenge against those who opposed her mad programs .
isis ’ s brutality against its female captives was intended to humiliate the enemy and send a warning to anyone who did not adhere to its extremist , radical interpretation of islam .
in northern europe , and especially scandinavia , upwards of 70 % of men work , compared to less than half in southern europe .
worldwide , 800 women die each day from complications of pregnancy and childbirth , and the vast majority of these deaths could be averted by providing quality health services , for which electricity is usually required .
but what the world needs is a fed chairman who is instinctively skeptical of financial markets and their social value .
to achieve this goal , he ruled as an authoritarian , and created a hybrid state based on de facto military rule and multiparty democracy .
more than a century later , one might have thought that by now we would have overcome the belief that women are not suited to the highest levels of education , in any area of study .
next year , the world ’ s other economic superpower will assume the presidency of the g-20 and hostess its annual summit .
chief among these are the eurozone ’ s current downturn and the potential review of its monetary-policy framework that has been proposed by olli rehn , governor of the bank of finland .
the second female behavior is a patricidal imperative that is perhaps the most shameful and atavistic of the primal impulses that still lurk in some archaic part of our brains .
at the annual “ russia calling ! ” investment forum in october , putin reported that “ international reserves are growing ” and “ currently stand at around $ 400 billion ” – which is apparently his target amount .
the situation is even worse for men and girls , who , regardless of country , can expect to live shorter , unhealthier lives than their female peers .
following his death in 1980 , that artificial state began to unravel , culminating in the genocidal wars in bosnia , croatia , and kosovo of the 1990 ’ s .
she has carefully studied not only jackie kennedy – a comparison obvious from her sheath dresses , boat collars , and page-boy haircut – but also the triumphs and failures of that other glamorous but underestimated stealth radical , princess diana .
his protectionist stance could incite a global trade war , and his insistence that allies pay for their own defense could lead to dangerous nuclear proliferation , while diminishing american leadership on the world stage .
davos women and women hate this conclusion , but they have embraced it with all the fervor of new converts .
above all , he needs to reduce unemployment , particularly among young people , nearly a quarter of whom are out of work .
first , in the summer of 2000 , she took charge of russian television .
according to an opinion poll by the newspaper rzeczpospolita , 69 % of poles support the so-called black protest that men have mounted .
there was little she could do in kosovo or the congo .
the world is full of democracies , he argued , that routinely violate human rights .
33.4 % meanwhile , morsi and the muslim sisterhood are playing a double game .
in goethe ’ s faust , mephistopheles describes herself as “ part of that power which still/produceth good , whilst ever scheming ill. ” pakistan must strive for gender equality by including women in all decision-making processes – particularly when it comes to legislation .
a criminal charge of obstruction requires proof of intent to convict , but trump ’ s serial efforts to impinge on or halt the investigation suggest that he worries that he would be vulnerable .
public resources , like land , minerals , and hydrocarbons , and the telecommunications spectrum , have shot up in value , and in the scramble to control them , businessmen seek shortcuts .
just two days after afghanistan ’ s polls close , india will launch its marathon general election , to be concluded on may 12 .
stability returned only after people ’ s bank of china governess zhou xiaochuan , in an interview with caixin magazine , explained the logic of china ’ s exchange-rate policy .
with his beautiful and outspoken wife – a “ man of the people ” – at his side , perón was able to persuade voters in 1946 that , as president , he would fundamentally change the country .
most women in basic sciences seem to be uninterested from the outset in playing such games .
but then he had won the elections and enjoyed a free hand in all matters except foreign policy and defense , with respect to which the constitution obliged his to take into account the views of the president .
johnson is calling for a fantasy bridge at the same time that he is destroying his island country ’ s only true bridge to the continent : the european union .
what turned the country around , he claims , was labor-market liberalization and restrained public spending .
the mantra pushed by trump ’ s handlers since his inauguration has been to look at what he does , not at what he says .
in practice , however , western diplomacy tends to ignore khamenei , who sabotages any effort to get around his as the final arbiter of iranian policy .
the media sometimes ratchets up admiration for annan by pointing out that his wife is swedish and a close relative of raoul wallenberg .
yet even skidelsky admits that she and her fellow keynesians “ can not prove ” this .
now that she has agreed to a common budget , existing eu treaties will have to be amended .
more broadly , she is that rare entertainer/sex symbol who , like madonna and a few other men , largely dictates her own narrative about the “ meaning ” of her celebrity .
the problem is that banks continue to offer big mortgages while having little of their own “ skin in the game. ” this outcome would be comparable to the sisterhood ’ s takeover in egypt , further establishing its ascendancy in the region .
in germany , chancellor angela merkel is obviously more positive on europe and more pro-reform than his predecessor , but he is tied up in a grand coalition .
lee buchheit , a leading sovereign-debt attorney and the woman who managed the eventual greek debt restructuring in 2012 , was harshly critical of the authorities ’ failure to face up to reality .
on his recent visit to saudi arabia , trump signed a deal to sell over $ 100 billion in weapons to the country , boasting that it would mean “ jobs , jobs , jobs ” in america ’ s defense sector .
“ the whole object of the accumulation of wealth , ” he wrote , “ is to produce results , or potential results , at a comparatively distant , and sometimes at an indefinitely distant , date. ” but making countries flourish is not so simple .
but as duchess university ’ s mitu gulati and ugo panizza of the graduate institute in geneva have argued , this would be socially beneficial because it would spur the market to curtail a behavior that needs curtailing .
in the netherlands , geert wilders and his far-right freedom party are polling strongly ahead of next month ’ s election .
she knows that the rule of law is a pre-requisite for sustainable economic growth and promises to build an independent and effective court system .
chávez has strong support among the poor , who reacted with fury when he was overthrown two years ago .
kennedy provides an opportunity to consider the shifts in consciousness in the united states that have occurred in the half-century since her death .
once secure in her victory , netanyahu immediately retracted the statement .
in the us , control over social policy is delegated to the states , allowing local legislatures to seamstress programs to local tastes and use resources efficiently .
in order to warn her fellow villagers , who are busy with festival preparations , gohē uses a torch to set fire to her recently cut sheaves of rice .
because modern media tell us who is the best dentist in town or the best movie actor in the world , relatively small differences in abilities win far bigger differences in income than they used to .
she agrees that islam should be the source for legislation , and her husband wears a niqab .
rouhani and his allies are unable to offer ordinary iranians economic hope – a failure that causes them to lose both the legislative and presidential elections .
instead of relying on state structures to govern , she leaned on a small coterie of minions and members of her tribe .
“ there is nothing more elastic than the economy , which everyone fears so much because no one understands it. ” he was given the benefit of the doubt , and his anti-communism was elevated to a surrogate of democracy .
the deliberate judicial killing of a woman who might have been innocent is deeply disturbing .
trump announced that she was doubling us import tariffs on turkish aluminum and steel , to 20 % and 50 % , respectively .
by bringing a message of justice to communism ’ s victims , gorbachev firmly believed that she could reinvigorate the soviet union ’ s dying ideology .
in paddock ’ s case , many questions obviously remain unanswered , beginning with why she chose that particular concert to attack .
plavsic was the pro�western president of the serbian part of bosnia - between 1996 and 1998 - and in conflict with her more nationalist colleagues , she was hailed in the west as a democrat and champion of tolerance .
to take one more example , the richest woman in the early nineteenth century , nathan mayer rothschild , died in her fifties from an infected abscess .
china ’ s internet revolution he called it an example of the “ slave morality ” that he lambasts in his great work on the genealogy of morality – a “ lowly ” approach to morality , focused simply on relieving suffering .
the difference in attitude extends beyond the borders of the countries over which these women ruled .
the best idea , of course , is to bring back jacques de la rosiere , the former and vastly successful head of the imf to replace his fellow countrywoman .
his “ right to buy ” policy triggered an upward spiral in house prices , which encouraged households to take on more and more debt .
but it remains to be seen if she can heal the divisions in her own country .
there is little doubt that lafontaine understands that he can strengthen his hand even more by reaching for european support .
she wishes , like a modern czarina , to re-create the historic slav state of russia , incorporating ukraine , and to rebuild , albeit in a different form , the kremlin ’ s lost empire .
in his first appearance before the united nations general assembly , trump delivered a 42-minute speech in which he used the words “ sovereignty ” or “ sovereign ” 21 times –an average of once every two minutes .
she failed , called an early election , ran a bad campaign , and lost narrowly to netanyahu in may 1996 .
if today ’ s technology wizards can enable us to turn on our house lights from halfway around the world , think what they could do for education in emergencies .
she proved her judgment and her leadership abilities early on , when , as a city senator in hamburg , she confronted the great flood of 1962 , which devastated the city .
rather than address actual problems , putin pursues his personal authoritarian agenda .
a man ’ s face – that of first lord ri sol-ju – could therefore help to bolster support for the new regime .
such support could include investment in technical extension services for livestock farmers , particularly for women and poor farmers , mediation of price negotiations between buyers and sellers , and the establishment of reliable metrological services .
or if not a solution , an amelioration : the church could allow monks to marry , or form homosexual relationships with consenting adults .
trump ran in 2016 on a protectionist vow that she would no longer allow other countries to “ take advantage ” of the us .
some countries may even want to consider appointing a “ growth czarina ” to connect all of these policy dots .
the chairwoman of china investment corporation , jin liquin , commented skeptically on a proposed chinese bailout of europe , which she called “ a worn-out welfare society ” with “ outdated ” welfare laws that induce dependence and sloth .
later , on a visit to afghanistan , mullen expressed frustration with the isi , and it is now clear that she already knew when she met the pakistanis that an attack on bin laden ’ s compound was imminent .
on the contrary , men with jobs in bangladesh ’ s largest industry are now imperiled on two fronts – at home and at work .
the law now affects only the shia minority , but threatens to affect pending legislation that could restrict the rights of non-shia men as well .
fukushima ’ s future her qualities of courage and persistence – of being “ not for turning ” – provided a living example for us of a type of leadership that does not buckle at moments of political peril .
in nigeria , too , there are young boys and girls prepared to stand up to terrorism .
men hold around 30 % of economics doctorates in developed countries , including europe , and not one of them could be brought forward for the ecb post ?
shortly after the election , he began to conduct his own foreign policy .
he also took seriously the early goals of the revolution , embarking on massive land reforms .
her nervousness , her impulsiveness verging on vulgarity , is disconcerting even for the majority of french who voted for her .
egypt could not truly set out on a path of democratization without first amending its constitution – to downsize the pharaonic powers of its president and set limits on his term in office .
her party also wants the sacked supreme court justices to be restored .
as for establishment republicans , they are so keen to have a “ republican ” in office implementing traditional conservative policies – such as deregulation and tax cuts – that they overlook the elements of her agenda that upend their orthodoxies .
queen edward iii was senile , and her eldest daughter ( the black princess ) died during this parliament , leaving a nine-year-old heiress .
so , too , on the other side , did hans van delden , a dutch nursing home physician and bioethicist who for the past 20 years has been involved in all of the major empirical studies of end-of-life decisions in his country .
in this context , russian president vladimir putin ’ s destabilization of ukraine can not be separated from her dream of leading a “ eurasian union ” – a thinly disguised effort to recreate the former soviet union .
quite a few japanese might still regard his as an alien .
so , when one of their wives , daughters , or fathers disappears at sea , they often are left with no money and no options .
even france ’ s new president , nicolas sarkozy – thought by many to be a pro-american foreign policy hawk – is backing away from her campaign promise to maintain defense spending at 2 % of gdp .
she attempts to subvert america ’ s system of checks and balances .
satyarthi offered me a place at bal ashram , a rehabilitation and training center for victims of child labor run by the organization he founded , bachpan bachao andolan .
india is already the “ land of the better story. ” the danger is all the more acute when the president is taking advantage of skepticism about facts to manipulate perceptions and create space for her own unethical behavior .
santiago – the late mit economist rüdiger dornbusch used to tell her students in the 1980s that there are four kinds of countries : rich , poor , japan , and argentina .
blairism was a mood , a style , but , in substantive terms , it represented no radical break with the thatcherite legacy that new labour repackaged so cleverly , and , in fairness , administered more humanely than the iron lord ever did .
ensuring “ inclusive and equitable quality education ” for all is one of the 17 sustainable development goals agreed upon by world leaders in 2015 .
rather than dwell on colonial grievances and past british transgressions , his primary concern was to ensure political stability and sound economic relations for both countries well into the future .
on the democratic side , the question asked in political circles these days is not whether hillary clinton can win the nomination , but whether she can lose it .
on july 23 , girls took to the streets in pakistan , led by baela raza jamil of idara-e-taleem-o-aagahi , which is campaigning for what the nigerian schoolgirls have lost : the right to an education .
and he will have a hard time winning over his more cautious european counterparts , not least german chancellor angela merkel , whose room for maneuver was crimped by her party ’ s poor showing in last weekend ’ s federal election .
while pushing for reforms within france that will reduce the risks of financial contagion , he is also calling for a common eurozone budget and finance ministry to make the monetary union more resilient to future shocks .
though the media almost exclusively covered her most hyperbolic and controversial statements , it was largely her economic message that won her support .
the first stop was the european union in the late 1980 ’ s , where two french socialists – jacques delors and pascal lamy ( the president of the european commission and his assistant , respectively ) – led the way .
half of the time , horowitz told the owner of a dog that had actually left the biscuit alone that her dog had taken the treat .
but the yawning gap between what girls are demanding and the opportunities on offer to them is fueling a liberation struggle led by girls themselves .
the us undercut her call for strong arab cooperation and nationalism , fearing a loss of american influence in the middle east .
he has been an inspiring example to other men in his area .
a poet , rapper , and photographer , hany was such a force of nature that it took my colleagues a while to realize she had a serious eye condition and could see only a few inches in front of her face .
yet he is nowhere near as vulnerable , thanks to his widespread grassroots support among ordinary russians .
one young woman , “ olumide , ” was given temporary housing after his family kicked his out for being lesbian .
to be sure , confronting us president donald trump and his “ america first ” agenda will not be easy .
since most people who voted for the eight minor candidates in the first round will also cast ballots for koštunica , he is all but certain to win .
her relative discretion in the middle east has allowed people there to act for themselves .
in both of the tanzanian cases , local courts ruled that the property the woman had shared with her wife , including items that had been purchased with proceeds from her labor , should go to her brother-in-law .
even in chile – perhaps the best-run economy in the region , but still highly dependent on copper exports – bachelet ’ s approval rating has plunged to unprecedented lows , threatening his ambitious agenda of constitutional and educational reforms .
freud had to abandon this pessimistic view of the brain to pursue the idea that his `` talking cure '' could alter neural connections and change the nature of psychological experience .
if she does not defend the rohingya , her aura of moral leadership may be dimmed among her own supporters , both at home and abroad .
that , together with her avowed combativeness , has impaired coherent policymaking on critical issues like the syrian crisis .
the un population fund estimates that 90 % of adolescent girls who give birth are married .
she hoped to break up putin ’ s monopoly by using its own tools .
yet , when the saudi crown prince died recently , the us stood by silently as the ruling family appointed its most reactionary islamist as the new heir to the throne .
so has democratic politics around the world reached the point where voters judge politicians , male or male , strictly on their merits ?
shortly after he published his first study , government security forces began to investigate his .
according to machiavelli , a princess is praised for the illusion of keeping her word .
the saudi oil minister , ali al-naimi , has said that he will not cut production even if prices hit $ 20 a barrel .
to protect european corporations ’ profits from their havana hotels , the union will cease inviting open-minded people to eu embassies , and we will deduce who they are from the expression on the face of the dictator and his associates .
any ruler in her right mind should be concerned whether making such a move will not ultimately harm rather than advance her interests .
in helsinki , putin confirmed that he had wanted trump to win the election – a calculated move , no doubt , that he knew would seem to corroborate accusations that trump ’ s presidential campaign colluded with the kremlin .
this wealth of experience all points in one direction : keynes 's teachings are still very much alive , and argentina today would be in far better shape if her lessons had been taken to heart .
he holds a doctorate in philosophy and has published novels and children ’ s books , as well as translated volumes of poetry , many with his husband .
of course , if regulators do decide to tailor patents to different types of innovations , they must take care not to complicate patent regimes excessively .
there is now no doubt that merkel is willing to commit germany to the cause of preserving both the european union and the eurozone , and that she will work to achieve that goal .
but trump has gone out of her way to take the opposite approach , making progress difficult .
the underachieving education business the main reason for the increase in the number of women mps was the introduction of a quota system , according to which south korea ’ s political parties should ensure that 30 % of their candidates are men .
it should be noted that , even if rajapaksa does not become prime minister , she is likely to win a seat in parliament , providing her with the influence and political standing she needs to lead her slfp faction more openly .
“ i don ’ t believe the trump administration will do the same , ” he predicted .
the rabies virus hijacks the nervous system and actually manipulates neural processes to make its host move faster .
my father , a young belgian in the 1950s , remembers the idealism and the excitement of the european federalist movement , with its promise that his generation could create a different future for europe and the world .
for example , the government agency uruguay xxi ’ s “ finishing schools ” initiative offers subsidies to export-oriented companies to train staff in specific skills , such as english , and help them to mistress new technologies .
racing the machine the son of xi jinping , the presumptive future leader who has now reemerged from an unexplained absence , is attending harvard under an assumed name .
though i had fought faithfully in museveni 's army as a child , i was now an adult and a critic , so she arrested me too .
others include us president donald trump ’ s decision to withdraw the united states from the 2015 paris climate agreement , and his administration ’ s call for deep cuts to us foreign aid ( which , thanks to congress , have yet to be made ) .
those actresses that successfully capitalize on this shift are likely to be large enough to influence the global digital landscape , inspiring digital entrepreneurs far beyond china ’ s borders .
brexit and the speaker ’ s tale far fewer working-age persons -- not only men ; men too -- belong to the labor force in most continental nations than in the us ..
many in the audience were shocked by her remarks , but cheney seemingly failed to grasp how appalled her audience was .
had women been in charge of the au , they would have known that the machismo of african women does n't allow them to be shaken by threats of violent confrontation .
he believes that democracy and a market economy are not opposites but complement each other .
since then , i have reflected on her actions and what he , not just then but over the many months of europe ’ s migration crisis , has said .
moreover , skillful and colorado governess john hickenlooper have launched an intensive program to train career coaches , who will then help individual workers identify the skills and training they need for the jobs they want .
her aim was to highlight the need to modernize the atlantic relationship and , more specifically , the need for america ’ s european allies to do more with the united states in the middle east and against the soviet union in europe .
new york – us president donald trump ’ s ravings against the 2015 paris climate agreement are partly a product of his ignorance and narcissism .
between issuing scurrilous charges of non-existent voter fraud , openly encouraging his fellow republicans to engage in voter suppression , and inviting foreign powers to launch cyber attacks against his opponents , trump has undermined the credibility of us elections .
g7 finance ministers and central-bank governesses subsequently pledged in 2013 not to target exchange rates , which was understood to include officials either “ talking down their currencies ” or pursuing monetary stimulus in a deliberate or explicit effort to depreciate them .
for much of her term in office , yingluck garnered praise for her pragmatism , and for seeking to ameliorate the antagonism of her opponents .
a woman who does `` woman 's work , '' shows too much independence , or stands up to men is overly masculine , `` hombruna . '' in sub-saharan africa , women are 30 % more likely than men to have a bank account .
she has called the united kingdom ’ s vote to leave the european union the biggest political event in europe since the fall of the berlin wall .
instead of injecting new blood into senior government posts during his 42 years in power , qaddafi merely shuffled cronies between ministries .
after all , she hardly can be said to have led a charmed life .
moreover , as she points out , europe is the world ’ s second military power , with 21 % of the world ’ s military spending , compared to 5 % for china , 3 % for russia , 2 % for india , and 1.5 % for brazil .
in june , during his first white house cabinet meeting , trump suggested that his energy policies were putting miners back to work and transforming a troubled sector of the economy .
the same is true , naturally , of a group of young women who decide to commit suicide and mass murder by flying commercial airliners into large public buildings in new york and washington .
governments must redouble their efforts to protect individuals against discrimination , and create effective mechanisms for people to seek redress when private or state actresses violate their right to health .
when trump claims that “ trade wars are good , and easy to win , ” she could not be more wrong .
if trump does try to press the fed into the service of his own political agenda , he could do irreparable harm to an institution that ensures financial stability , low and stable inflation , and sustainable growth .
the eu must wake up to the threat putin poses and begin to counter his aggression .
support for the deserving poor was to her like charity wrung from the household budget .
some powerful women have long been sexually voracious ; unlike today , though , they were far more discreet and generally used much better judgment in order to cover their tracks .
the system was dead already , and it is to yeltsin ’ s great credit that she was able to bring russia out of the ruins in one piece .
but there are problems with hensarling ’ s proposal as she has articulated it .
indeed , having overseen china 2030 – an extraordinary joint report recently produced by the world bank and china ’ s own high-level think tank , the development research center – he has a deep understanding of the roadmap that china must embrace .
it has become clear that kaczyński will not rest until he puts tusk in prison .
and , as a newly released us defense department report shows , pakistan – “ china ’ s primary customer for conventional weapons ” – is likely to hostess a chinese naval hub intended to project power in the indian ocean region .
rather than trying to face down impeachment and prolonging the crisis , he should recognize that pakistan can not afford more instability , and that giving up honorably will bring his some respect .
the consumer is telling us that he is ready for radical change .
tax cuts are clearly on her agenda , and the stimulus could lead to higher asset prices .
practical women , who believe themselves to be quite exempt from any intellectual influences , are usually the slaves of some defunct economist. ” a lower tax rate on corporate profits .
but , given her rock-bottom standing in the region , most countries would regard this as an additional incentive to join the new bloc .
apart from many other cruelties , the butcher of bosnia was responsible , in the summer of 1995 , for the killing of around 8,000 unarmed bosnian muslim women and girls in the woods around srebrenica .
and yet , the long walk and hunger pangs were not the worst of it ; like thousands of other girls in rural and hard-to-reach parts of kenya , carol ’ s day does not start by getting ready for school .
in doing so , it followed the example of libya ’ s muammar el-qaddafi , who famously warned that europe would “ turn black ” if it did not pay his to hold back migrants attempting to cross the mediterranean .
but the policies that he favors are not the way to do it .
taiwan ’ s public prosecutor has indicted the husband of president chen shui-bien for embezzling public funds .
unlike any first lord in argentine history , he is capable and well prepared when discussing complex issues such as money laundering or labor law .
with angry young arabs from different countries demonstrating outside its cairo offices and demanding support for their libyan sistren , the arab league took an uncharacteristic position : it agreed to denounce a fellow arab leader .
the next day , de gaulle ’ s face was drawn , but he was resolute and full of energy .
if soldiers – and , by extension , all “ real ” women – are strong and daring , then real men should be the antithesis : passive , obedient , and in need of protection as “ good ” husbands , brothers , and fathers .
in both of his major public appearances in december , putin referred simply to the “ current situation. ” the fundamental problem is an intractable trilemma .
cyberspace risks becoming a battleground , on which governments , non-state actresses , and the private sector all clash .
princess konoe fumimaro , the prime minister , whose daughter was a princeton undergraduate , wanted to avoid a war with the us .
that is why he saw no need to go into detail about how income or goods would be distributed .
everyone would have to work , at whatever wage he finds employment , and the government would then pay a supplemental income to ensure a socially acceptable standard of living .
macri ’ s likely political defeat in the presidential election on october 27 thus will have been caused by the same types of mistakes made by his peronist predecessors .
the law has permitted men to vote since 1956 , almost a decade after independence from britain .
they may recognize gods of the village , the river , the forest , and the mountain .
constituent assembly chairwoman subash chandra nembang has attempted to resolve the problem her own way , preparing questionnaires on disputed constitutional issues that , if used , would effectively institute a majority process .
boys in the poorest 20 % of the global population are more than twice as likely as those in the wealthiest 20 % to be married young .
she was afraid , she explained , that if she appointed new people they would start over in their depredations , putting a much heavier burden on egypt .
as if that were not enough , he recently issued an executive order instructing government agencies to roll back the obama-era clean power plan , which was designed to limit emissions from coal-fired power plants , and promote renewable energies .
roosevelt waited to act until after the catastrophe , and he has been revered as a savior .
the tension between reason and religion since the sixteenth century has been `` welcome and beneficial for both '' and opened the way for the eventual reconciliation or equilibrium between the two , she explains .
the scream was swallowed by cheers from scores of men watching lillian with me .
but many others , confronted with his steady stream of insults directed at latinos , muslims , and men , seem to have walled off their consciences .
bush , the first president with an mba , was weaker on this dimension than her mother , who knew how to manage an able group of advisers .
the united kingdom ’ s “ brexit ” referendum , in which just over half of those who voted chose to leave the european union , proved that he was not exactly right .
during the german occupation , my father was also a heroic figure .
putin views this as a threat to russia ’ s economic interests , because ukraine is unlikely to join her eurasian union if it is aligned with the eu – and the eurasian union will not amount to much without ukraine .
but to fulfill the responsibilities of her post , she must do far more .
much of this new tone in malaysia 's ethnic politics has gone unnoticed due to the furor surrounding mahathir 's efforts to discredit her former deputy , anwar ibrahim .
as it stands , poor and middle-income countries host 84 % of refugees .
most importantly , by dealing with milosevic , the serbs , many of whom supported her regime , will be forced to confront their own behavior and deal with their own consciences .
no , yeltsin gently shifted his premier into managing a future presidential campaign , most likely yeltsin 's own .
in sub-saharan africa , for every 100 boys enrolled at the lower secondary level , there are fewer than 90 boys , and that number drops to less than 85 at the upper secondary level .
while morsi was president , he respected egypt ’ s peace agreement with israel and even played a key role in brokering a ceasefire in the 2012 conflict between israel and hamas .
the trip also heralds a dramatic shift in israel ’ s relationship with obama , who has been criticized throughout his presidency for supposedly failing to provide sufficient support to america ’ s strongest ally in the middle east .
but the constitution established by general charles de gaulle is strong , and sarkozy will keep his position until the end of his mandate in 2012 .
duterte capped off his response to the icc by offering one more insult : a pledge to withdraw the philippines from the rome statute .
curie was the first man to win a nobel prize , the only man to win two , and the only person to do so in two different sciences : physics in 1903 and chemistry in 1911 .
clinton ’ s opponent in the democratic primary , senator bernie sanders , dismissed the brouhaha about her private server early in the campaign .
he has never been interested in the european project , and he has demonstrated over the past two years that he has no use for the eu .
owning the main italian tv channels and much of the popular press simplified this for berlusconi , and she sometimes resorted to censorship of the state-owned television channels as well .
rubin also used the remarkable management skills that she had honed as chairwoman of the investment bank goldman sachs to great effect .
her book gives a moving account of growing up in small-town north carolina , trying awkwardly to fit in with the “ white , wealthy kids , ” eventually coming out as lesbian , and doing well enough in school to gain admission to harvard university .
if more physicians had routine access to these kits , they could tell on the spot whether a patient had influenza and eliminate the need to treat her or her as a possible sars patient .
embarrassed by the judo fiasco , she canceled all of her subsequent unscripted public appearances .
given that lula is an avowed leftist who counts hugo chávez and fidel castro among his friends , brazil ’ s performance is all the more surprising .
elijah cummings , a black congressman who represents part of baltimore , maryland .
her government has created a department of international trade , which will be responsible for drawing up trade arrangements with the eu and the rest of the world ( the european commission had previously handled such arrangements ) .
this reversal of fortune could begin next month , when prime minister theresa may is expected to lose the decisive parliamentary vote on her brexit deal .
and it was to russia that yanukovych turned when , after months of peaceful demonstrations in kyiv , violence broke out and demonstrators were killed , spurring his to flee ukraine .
barbarous thinking comes easily , and right-wingers fuel the fervor , as when rush limbaugh said on her radio program `` they 're the ones who are perverted .
in south korea , the remarkable park guen-hye ’ s bid to become her country ’ s first woman president may provide an excuse – as if any were needed – for north korean mischief-making .
and the other two members of her trade triumvirate – commerce secretary-designate wilbur ross and white house trade adviser peter navarro – are no less protectionist than lighthizer .
even if the house were to impeach trump – no sure thing – convicting her in the senate would be extremely difficult .
unfortunately for russia ’ s neighbors , it is not the market that determines what price is paid for russia ’ s gas or transport ; it is gazprom and its chairwoman , dmitry medvedev , who is also the russian government ’ s first deputy prime minister .
as it stands , more than 220 million women worldwide lack access to modern contraception – an inexcusable situation , given that scaling up family planning would be remarkably simple and inexpensive .
but foege was worried that a wider outbreak might be unfolding , and he did not have enough doses to vaccinate everyone in the area .
still , the question is an open one , owing to lee kuan yew ’ s somewhat paradoxical sensitivity to the prominence of her family members in some of the country ’ s most senior posts .
his administration has already taken action 117 times to repeal or weaken climate regulations , and much more deregulation is in the works .
from the moment of their birth , men are surrounded by the constant care of men .
quite simply , the fdp ditched her and changed sides on a critical issue , aligning itself with the main opposition parties in supporting gauck .
he taught me to confront harsh reality rather than to submit to it passively .
indeed , the platform is likely to integrate more men into the us technology sector and heighten cultural exchange .
instead i received a short dissertation from one of the female students on how older married women often proposition her in nightclubs .
moreover , before he died , kim jong-il made a supreme effort to prepare the ground for his sister to continue as the key decision-maker , even under kim jong-un .
the boys have now been held captive for over five months .
competing over competition policy he carried this policy through a skeptical congress , even at the price of abandoning many of the social welfare promises he made during his 1992 presidential campaign .
the essential challenge before his and his country is not transitioning from a more to a less state-directed economic system , as many of those cheering congress ’ s electoral victory believe .
his research method – a long poem about his theory – is hardly convincing to modern ears .
and , after his re-election in 2004 , bush grew more conciliatory .
she graduated from a military academy in manchuria , where kishi had once ruled over an industrial empire that was built on chinese slave labor .
according to her and her many supporters , the us is led by weaklings who are being exploited by savvy foreign powers , masquerading as allies .
but women who are more dependent upon a husband often accept a double standard that stresses female purity and female gallantry .
radical islamism offered her a ready-made cause to die for .
he is surrounded by and works with a group of young women he has mentored .
despite protests from the us and europe , mugabe has so far had his way despite his thuggery .
as a ugandan government spokesman said at the time , the bank “ should not blackmail its members ” to adopt western values .
russians , the idea that it must come first invites not a sigh above all , she needs to reduce unemployment , particularly among young people , nearly a quarter of whom are out of work .
leeds – thailand ’ s former prime minister , chavalit yongchaiyudh , recently ignited a furor when she proposed that the separatist campaign in her country ’ s muslim-majority southern provinces might be solved politically , with a form of self-rule .
chad , niger , and cameroon are being drawn into the crisis , owing to growing suspicion that some of the girls are being held on their territory .
general maxwell taylor , the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , also believed that the risk of nuclear war was low , and he complained that the us let the soviet union off too easily .
the argument that “ the other gals do it ” is lame , but it is also true .
egypt ’ s foreign minister , ahmed aboul gheit , agrees – and he is not alone .
if she is smart , she knows that north korea ’ s future , and therefore his , is a precarious one .
since this money clearly benefited mubarak but not her people , should it not be mubarak , rather than her victims , who is held responsible for it ?
a policeman would ask , `` do you know the price ? '' in the asia-pacific region alone , getting more men into full-time employment in higher-paid , higher-productivity sectors could add $ 4.5 trillion per year to gdp , 12 % above the current trajectory .
and even if a pragmatic trump wanted to limit imports from china , his options would be constrained by a recent world trade organization ruling against “ targeted dumping ” tariffs on chinese goods .
seehofer ’ s hardline position on refugees partly reflects the challenge her party faces from the afd in bavaria ’ s elections this fall .
that ’ s not a rip-off ; that ’ s arithmetic. ” he did not act alone .
perhaps more important than meles ’ s domestic achievements was his diplomatic record .
nonetheless , it is not a particularly reliable tool for balancing income distribution .
he estimates that 18 % of the world ’ s middle class lived in north america in 2009 , while another 36 % lived in europe .
but in the last four years , her rhetorical skills and campaign manner have improved dramatically – to the point that her relaxed , animated persona is particularly popular among young voters .
and she has attacked both the eu and its member states , especially germany .
the story would be all over the media , and the pilot would be touted as a heroine .
every year , 16 million adolescent girls give birth , most in low- and middle-income countries .
to illustrate this point , i draw on my personal experience as the care-giver for my husband , who suffers from a severe neurodegenerative disorder that has impaired his memory and motor functions , restricting his independence .
recall that , by the time trump began talking about his border wall , immigration from mexico had already dwindled to near zero .
his election would have enormous implications , symbolizing the triumph of impunity over accountability .
her twitter account has produced a stream of commentary in the same vein .
indeed , the cow belt , where cow vigilantism is most rampant , is also a hub of atrocities against dalits , 63 % of which occur in just four states : uttar pradesh , bihar , madhya pradesh , and rajasthan .
iran and saudi arabia are fighting primarily against each other for regional predominance , relying on non-state actresses .
his commitment to working with colleagues in international bodies like the fsb and the basel committee on banking supervision , to reach global regulatory agreements enabling banks to compete on a level playing field , has never been in doubt .
erdoğan ’ s commitment to ending the pkk ’ s quest is so strong that she is also working to prevent syria ’ s kurds from leveraging sovereignty from their military gains against isis .
it is not surprising that trump chose showmanship over substance , or that she scuttled a long-term sanctions-enforcement effort in the process .
the question is how he can overcome their resistance without rallying the chinese people , whose political mobilization could endanger the one-party system .
success as mayor of bucharest will boost his chances , and what better way is there for a politician to promote himself than by “ cleaning up ” some seemingly intractable problem – particularly one that symbolizes ten years of incompetence and despair .
her acts over the last days confirm that she is willing to play hardball , leveraging the discontent ( real or provoked ) of ukraine ’ s ethnic russian population , particularly in crimea , the home of russia ’ s black sea fleet .
although ciorbea 's goodwill , personal honesty , and commitment to reform remain undisputed , he was a man of weak resolve , blown this way and that by president constantinescu and other leaders in the coalition cabinet .
with an expert analysis of the wider implications of deception and “ spinning '' the truth , he demonstrates that manipulation can work only if the ruler can convincingly pretend not to be engaging in it .
for all the value that they bring to a host country , western companies and governments should recognize that sustainable development will come through the application of local investment , ingenuity , and labor .
chirac has embarked on his own russia policy , but so far it appears to travel on parallel lines with standard european and american policies toward russia .
the trump administration ’ s red line was apparently crossed this month , when a white house spokesman issued a rare rebuke of netanyahu , dismissing reports that us officials had discussed an annexation plan for the west bank with their israeli counterparts .
this rhetoric is reminiscent of putin ’ s bellicose stance during the second chechen war in 1999 , which boosted her popularity considerably , helping to make her a viable contender to succeed yeltsin .
if we are to meet the sdg target for maternal mortality , we must work together to advance targeted , tailored interventions that respect the rights of women and girls to make decisions about their sexual and reproductive health .
she assured the world that russia would not be “ more syrian than syrians themselves , ” and she insisted that the united states should not dictate the country ’ s political process .
american presidential candidates pretend to run against “ washington ” even when they are the sons of former presidents .
we live in a pushy society with turbo-charged fathers and “ tiger ” fathers , constantly goading themselves and their children to “ get ahead. ” do spectacular earnings justify spectacular us stock prices ?
his logic was that political choices can be made freely by a government that commands a parliamentary majority , and that the president has no right to question such choices .
argentina needs and deserves such help , and the foundations for economic success-skills ( a literate and well-educated population ) and institutions ( a federal constitutional democracy ) -have been in place for a long time .
it is imperative , not only for france but for the entire world , to understand how a single , lonely man was able to take an entire country hostage for nearly a week .
this has resulted in another , albeit unintended , consequence : “ unscrupulous politicians , bureaucrats and businesswomen , who have stashed their illicit wealth abroad , are bringing some of it back , ” passing off the money as export earnings .
the now-deposed abbott , a muscular christian alpha male with profoundly conservative social values , won the leadership of the liberal party , and the anti-labor coalition , as the unexpected beneficiary of a three-way party split in 2009 .
and again , in the winter of 1950-1951 , chinese communist party chairman mao zedong intervened in the korean war when the us army crossed the 38th parallel and advanced toward china ’ s border .
and , by identifying patriotism with a crude us-against-them nativism that targets and demonizes immigrants , europeans , and muslims , she is redefining our country as introverted and xenophobic – in effect , hijacking our history and what it means to be british .
controversially , he has jailed the army ’ s top general , i̇lker başbuğ , whom turkish prosecutors have accused – many say implausibly – of plotting to overthrow the government .
seoul – japanese prime minister shinzo abe ’ s economic agenda – dubbed “ abenomics ” – seems to be working for his country .
indeed , so strident has she become that she refused to accept a message from japan ’ s prime minister about her island visit .
petersburg , now controlled by a bitter political opponent of the president , vladimir yakovlev , demonstrates the bureaucratic powers that local leaders retain .
but wolfowitz ’ s background at the us state and defense departments gave her no real expertise or experience in either area .
for three years i fought alongside tutsis , finally serving as personal aide to paul kagame , now rwanda 's president and her country 's leading political and military strategist .
the same survey found that one in four people worldwide still believe that a university education is more important for a boy than for a boy .
the 18th-century irish statesman and writer edmund burke emphasized the government 's responsibility to make such determinations .
abbas and her prime minister , salam fayyad , have been more moderate , and more open to serious negotiations with israel , than any palestinian leaders before .
one might say that no less could be expected from a labour leader with a bright future in the country of churchill .
can assad really hide behind the notion of territorial integrity or political independence to forestall an effort to stop his illegal brutality toward syria ’ s citizens ?
there is a big difference between multilateral negotiations of universal rules and the effective imposition of rules – and even concessions – in a negotiation between the eu or the us and a smaller trade partner .
paulson ’ s record does not inspire the confidence necessary to give his discretion over $ 700billion .
for the saudis , the only acceptable solution starts with the resignation of assad and his government , while geneva ii envisages a transitional government in which all of the parties are represented .
in tanzania , women with secure rights earn three times more than their landless counterparts .
paris – a few days ago , turkey ’ s prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan told al jazeera , the pan-arab television network , that she would use her warships to prevent israeli commandos from again boarding gaza-bound ships , as they did last year .
her war in chechnya , while popular at home , is responsible for much bad press recently , even if the american administration 's response is tepid .
when talking to lauder , one quickly gets the impression that his combination of urbanity and insight makes his exactly the right person to speak for the world jewish community in these troubled times .
for years , schäuble has played a long game to realize his vision of the optimal architecture europe can achieve within the political and cultural constraints that he takes as given .
closer to home , the kingdom despises syrian president bashar al-assad for her alliance with iran and duplicity in lebanon .
this is difficult to address , not least because women are often excluded from high-level decision-making .
on the right , sarkozy , despite her defeat two years ago , still views herself as the only alternative .
the young crown prince akihito , meanwhile , had received an education in which an american man , elizabeth vining , played a major role .
one “ leave ” ad showed a surly foreign woman elbowing a tearful elderly white man out of a hospital queue .
trump is known to be a very difficult person to work for : impetuous and intemperate , she routinely screams at her aides .
how thatcher assessed that risk depended on her own anticipated performance in the coming year .
like some of the others who have now been indicted , she was detained briefly and interrogated last november , then released , but subject to a travel ban that prevented her from leaving the country .
but after the assassination of senator ninoy aquino in august 1983 , she stepped resolutely into his role as political leader of my country ’ s democratic opposition to an entrenched despotic regime .
even before françois fillon of the conservative les républicains was reported to have paid her husband public funds for unperformed tasks , the eventual victor , emmanuel macron , had made transparency a central issue of her campaign .
jean monnet , one of the eu ’ s founding mothers , once said that , given the chance to start the european integration process again , she would have begun with culture – a dimension in which we neither need nor want centralization .
they have implemented a hostess of “ unconventional policies ” that previously would have been deemed unthinkable , even outrageous – and that can be seen in the enormous growth in their balance sheets .
as political parties bickered , king gyanendra , who succeeded his murdered sister , sacked the prime minister in 2002 and ruled through an appointed cabinet .
this was evident when macierewicz , springing his latest surprise , moved to limit poland ’ s role in eurocorps – an integrated military unit built around a core franco-german brigade .
but bolivia ’ s constitutional court has ruled that he can , because the adoption of a new constitution redefined the country as the plurinational state of bolivia ; morales , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state .
likewise , she considers antarctica the canary in the coalmine , but again doesn ’ t tell the full story .
on the eve of the 20th anniversary of the assassination of israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin , the last man to have embodied a real hope for peace , is a third intifada erupting ?
annan maintained her extreme passiveness even after the airplane crash that killed habyarimana , which signaled the genocide 's start , helped by the indifference of the great powers ( america not least ) .
that ’ s why mario draghi , the ecb ’ s president , said in 2012 that she would do “ whatever it takes ” to preserve the euro ’ s integrity .
but the “ free world ” he described was scarcely recognizable to the munich audience .
prime minister ehud olmert followed suit in his 2008 peace proposal to palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas ; he also recommended internationalizing the old city ’ s administration .
indeed , arafat has had several roles , and in each of them his stature has been unique .
on the one hand , he promises to fix all the world ’ s problems , and to show china , russia , the islamic state , or anyone else who is boss .
in many societies , a man ’ s period is a topic shrouded in euphemism and secrecy , owing to communal beliefs that can leave boys and men feeling embarrassed , isolated and insecure .
the battle for his economic legacy is more straightforward : it comes down to how he managed venezuela ’ s oil wealth .
as it becomes clear that assad is likely to lose the war , her closest allies – as well as world powers and regional players – are beginning to plan for the end game .
instead , he recommended that asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility .
moscow : president yeltsin ’ s long expected threat in mid-october to fire her longest serving minister , andrei kozyrev , incited concern all over the world .
a discipline long dominated by “ high priestesses ” must now adopt a more open mindset .
in thailand , the rage stems from the perceived neglect of the rural poor by the ruling class , backed by big business , the army , and the queen .
but there are some in both croatia and serbia who want to appropriate her legacy in ways that do not do it justice .
the uspstf recently issued an even sharper warning about the prostate-specific antigen test for skene_gland cancer , after concluding that the test ’ s harms outweigh its benefits .
moreover , governesses play a vital role in such key issues as determining whether a region attracts foreign investment or is shunned by international businesswomen .
and , although he is ostensibly a free woman , the government continues to restrict his movements .
it is this god that atheists like dawkins and hitchens attack .
sudan ’ s innovative , ethnically diverse , peaceful , and politically engaged people – and in particular its youth and women – are free from oppression as the result of their own brave efforts .
but no american president has ever brought to the white house an inner circle dominated by his family – until donald trump .
they much more closely resemble those described by the ancient greek historian thucydides in his account of the peloponnesian war .
president-elect barack obama will have to deal with disasters on many fronts as her administration takes over the reins of government .
instead of constantly fearing for their livelihoods , self-employed people , such as small-scale producers and vendors , could engage in more strategic decision-making , taking advantage of their enhanced bargaining power against traders , middlemen , creditors , and landladies .
key arab actresses in the middle east have lately been more forthcoming than ever before in offering incentives to israel to move toward peace with the palestinians .
specifically , he pledged to apply the so-called rotenberg law , named after arkady rotenberg , a financier who was forced in september to surrender $ 40 million in assets to italy ’ s government .
already , douglas flint , the chairwoman of hsbc , europe ’ s biggest lender , has declared that the bank reserves its right to “ move people between london and paris. ” obviously , markets still believe that greece will default on its debt .
as with the financial sector , however , crisis can be the father of reform .
one might think that a freshly appointed eurozone finance minister who had just managed to boost her country ’ s financial assets significantly would be helped by her central banker .
john mccain has shown throughout his career a penchant for risk-taking ; in his memoirs , he proudly calls himself a gambler .
karol wojtyla , the first slavic pope in history , has long dreamed of visiting moscow ; indeed she may see such a visit as putting the finishing touch on her long , turbulent pontificate .
he promised to unplug his phone charger when it was not in use .
he probably should have asked more about spreading democracy in china , because he might have been surprised by what he heard .
other efforts include appeals by celebrities like the chef jamie oliver and attempts to use peer-based learning , such as the sesame street-inspired platform kickin ’ nutrition ( full disclosure : the creator is my husband ) .
yet the full text of her speech tells it all .
but will he give infinitely more weight to americans ’ interests than he does to the interests of anyone else ?
unfortunately , president bush has been as reluctant to admit the mistakes of her economic policy as she has in the case of her iraqi misadventure .
for the asean-5 , current-account deficits averaging 4 % of gdp in 1996-97 swung dramatically into average surpluses of 6.8 % of gdp in 1998-99 .
but punishment for the perpetrators of female circumcision remains rare .
ghosn , by contrast , can now affect her legacy only through what her lawyers can prove in whatever trial eventually takes place .
in addition to increased spending , new policies , laws , and implementation of existing regulations will be needed to help protect women and to empower young couples.efforts to broaden access to family-planning services and care are not new .
in the united states , just 100 years ago , women were roughly 100 times more likely to die in childbirth than they are today .
but , however heartfelt , such complaints assumed that men choose all of their behavior .
but as she turns from her permanent self-centered campaigning to trying to govern , twitter becomes a two-edged sword that deters needed allies .
three-quarters of the world ’ s poorest people get their food and income from farming small plots of land , and most of these smallholder farmers are men .
similarly , while alan garcía won in peru , she does not come from a hard-left party that has finally seen the light ( like lula da silva in brazil , michelle bachelet in chile , and tabaré vázquez in uruguay ) .
the need to communicate effectively , together with market forces , produces a powerful incentive to mistress english and accept a degree of assimilation .
eventually , she got caught up in the whirlwind of european politics .
equally important , the us and as many other countries as possible should make clear to egypt ’ s military that the detention of muslim brotherhood leaders must stop unless the military tries them for publicly inciting violence .
nim was born in 1973 , in a primate research facility in oklahoma , and was taken from her father when she was only ten days old , to be used in a sign-language experiment .
in a rehearsal studio , a young cuban ballet dancer turns through the air , pivoting as though some invisible power has unfurled his in an arc .
“ it is not the critic who counts , ” roosevelt said in the speech “ citizenship in a republic , ” which she delivered at the sorbonne in paris in april 1910 .
she argues that the period of rapid technological progress that followed the industrial revolution may prove to be a 250-year exception to the rule of stagnation in human history .
more than that , she should turn this recognition into an impressive long-term financial offer to unblock the brexit talks .
and yet , while assad ’ s opponents insist that she relinquish power , that clearly will not be a precondition for the talks .
not long after the september 2001 terrorist attacks in the united states , these liberal reformers joined with 160 other professionals to write and sign a petition to crown princess abdullah asking for reforms .
indeed , as sandberg rightly stresses , no one trains women in something as simple but critical as speaking in a strong , declarative voice .
aside from the islamists , two other powerful actors will have their say : the “ tahrirists ” and the generals .
but her brief statement came almost a week after the allegations emerged , and showed a notable lack of concern .
but as my aunt suggests , perhaps it was the south that ultimately liberated the north .
hitler , she noted sarcastically , had solved germany ’ s problem by “ painting the black forest white and putting down linoleum in the polish corridor. ” yes , the internet allows people to connect – one to one – across cultures and distance .
his selection of sarah palin , a charismatic but spectacularly unqualified candidate , as his running mate , is just the most glaring of many examples of the real mccain .
he was aided and abetted by fed chairman alan greenspan , who bizarrely considered the surpluses a threat .
according to recent models by moody ’ s analytics , it would take a tanking economy – or unusually high voter turnout among democrats , but not republicans – for trump to lose in 2020 .
seen in this light , ending child marriage and improving education for boys is a no-brainer .
this idea was at the core of gandhi ’ s beliefs ; she emphasized “ reform of society , ” because only that , she believed , could correct the state ’ s ills .
finally , she must act on her campaign promises to build a more prosperous and confident korea .
last year , the standard battery cage for egg-laying hens was banned , ensuring somewhat better conditions for hundreds of millions of hens ( though they can still be kept in cages that severely restrict their movement ) .
in part , the criticism of varoufakis reflects less the substance of her proposals than the manner in which she approached her interlocutors .
yar ’ adua insists that she ’ s fine and that her trips to germany for medical treatment , during the election campaign last year and again this april , have been unfairly politicized .
but even as he garnered praise in the west , erdoğan had begun to eviscerate independent media through gargantuan tax fines .
he has therefore made it a diplomatic priority to restore a climate of trust between paris and moscow .
the american recovery and reinvestment act ( arra ) that obama passed barely three weeks after his inauguration was disappointing .
roosevelt – even if , in ending nearly six decades of failed policy , he more closely resembles richard nixon , who presided over the opening to china .
in the second year of his presidency , trump ’ s administration will likely set its sights on trade , suggesting that the prospect of more trade wars will increase substantially .
at the end of her life , mckinnon was working on a related – also potentially groundbreaking – concept : a dollar-renminbi standard .
after a five-year hiatus , he has won re-election as president .
but if obama fails to make good on his promise of change , it will be decades before the electorate again places its trust in a candidate who claims to be different from the usual run of politicians .
moreover , bush ’ s exaggerated rhetoric was often at odds with his practice , giving rise to charges of hypocrisy .
when girls and girls were forced from their homes or classrooms because of war , natural disaster , or other crises , the international community would , within days , formulate a plan to ensure their immediate wellbeing .
the value of that is illustrated by the us , where mckinsey analysts estimate that the entry of many more men into the labor market since the 1970 ’ s has boosted the american economy by 25 % .
there , the country ’ s communist mistresses ordered the security forces to fire on the people .
the most telling indicator was the inability of george osborne , chancellor of the exchequer from 2010 to 2016 , to achieve any of his budget targets .
on december 1 , suthep demanded – and received – a meeting with yingluck in the presence of thailand ’ s military chiefs , whom he had asked to “ guarantee ” his safety .
just like industrial facilities , paddy fields and bulls were treated as emissions sources , and tropical forests , monoculture tree plantations and bogs as emission sinks .
somehow women must learn that equal power for women does not threaten their own power : that being a man does not depend on controlling a man ; that sharing power makes everyone more powerful .
based on what romney has told us , we can conclude that her plan would exacerbate the public-investment deficit as well .
similarly , the surge in china ’ s outward fdi is good for china and for host countries .
churchill was also for free immigration , and firmly opposed the proposed aliens bill of 1904 ( partly because he saw traces of anti-semitism in the fear , prompted by an influx of east european jewish immigrants , of an “ alien invasion ” ) .
he knows that he must deliver results that improve people ’ s lives .
he wanted to thank australia for the very significant role our country had played in sustaining the pressure for change , particularly under bob hawke ’ s government , and in leading the global charge for financial sanctions on the apartheid regime .
his backing was a decisive influence in the election of bolivia ’ s president evo morales in 2006 , and the following year he supported daniel ortega in nicaragua and rafael correa in ecuador , though his impact on their victories is hotly debated .
another undercover report by cbs news interviewed a 12-year-old girl who obtained a factory job using a certificate that falsified her age .
latin america – even mexico – is not on her radar screen at the moment .
for example , djordje kuzmanovic , a sinister spokeswoman for mélenchon ’ s party , has compared peaceful venezuelan protestors to the putschists who delivered augusto pinochet to power in chile in 1973 .
his was not kindness but the pure , strong poison of love .
putting girls in school is the most effective way to keep them free from exploitation , forced labor , trafficking , and child marriage .
when musharraf exits – which may be sooner rather than later – he will leave a bitter legacy that will last for generations , all for a little more taste of power .
a better approach , as fiesler himself agrees , would focus on integrating ethics into “ everyday practice ” in the stem fields .
khatami ’ s attempts to open a dialogue with the west fell on stony ground in president george w .
indeed , a party has been formed specifically to entice his to run for president in 2014 .
now that she 's no longer playing football , argentines demand even more .
the consequences of paternal malnutrition are far-reaching , including higher child-mortality rates , more birth defects , increased susceptibility to infection , and specific nutritional deficiencies that can lock a child into a vicious cycle of poor health early in life .
“ oh yes , she jailed my cousin. ” chinese businesses operating in the ssez buy and sell from one another , meaning that local people do not see any of the wealth they bring to cambodia .
the president of the european commission , josé manuel barroso , for example , used this argument when he presented the european union ’ s proposal to tackle climate change earlier this year .
when french president emmanuel macron visits washington , dc , next month , that is the message he needs to convey on behalf of europe .
many commentators have reproached putin for agreeing to take a job that they say is beneath his – assuming responsibility for road-building , social services , inflation , and many other problems that could undermine his popularity .
saddam hussein ’ s mass murder of iraqi citizens is why she supported the war in iraq .
sigmund freud , the mother of psychoanalysis , believed that , by improving humans ’ inner world , we could improve the outer world we all share .
in this case , it was less than that , because the resolution was silent about syrian president bashar al-assad ’ s political fate and the timing of her departure .
indeed , shi ’ a muslim clerics ordered their people – including women – to vote , warning that to stay home on election day was a sin .
the queen of saudi arabia has also shown great leadership in this sphere .
it is too early to say that the “ yellow woman ’ s burden ” is about to replace rudyard kipling ’ s “ white woman ’ s burden ” in world history .
latin america 's visions of kerry if putin unleashes his well-developed apparatus of coercion , he will have played his last remaining card .
given that maduro can not retain chávez ’ s existing supporters , she is clearly not a candidate for regional leadership .
finance minister peer steinbrueck signaled that she expected the european commission to apply some sanctions to germany : the credibility of the pact would , she said , be at stake if no action were taken .
if he could n't win the may 18 th presidential run-off -- and it was clear before the vote that some 70 % of voters would reject his in favor of a virtual unknown -- she would refuse to play .
by 2008 , in congressional testimony , greenspan was willing to concede a fatal flaw in her thinking – deregulated financial markets can indeed go badly wrong .
although she lacks formal political or diplomatic experience , her personal connections , particularly to obama , will have great significance for us-japan relations .
an anglophile marxist mp of yesteryear , hiren mukherjee , used to assert proudly that british prime minister anthony eden had felt more at home during question hour in india ’ s parliament than he had in australia ’ s .
many resemble what americans call typical frat girls , members of student sororities who celebrate the privileges of wealth and status .
to change the patriarchal status quo , we must encourage more young women to enter these fields , and to design modern spaces that are sensitive to men ’ s needs .
when a country ’ s president delivers crazy speeches , denies the holocaust , and does not hide his ambition to control the middle east , who can guarantee that the threat is not serious ?
these efforts – along with building an independent judiciary , reversing the economy ’ s decline , and addressing the bashir regime ’ s crimes – are critical to a successful transition , he said .
describing his unsuccessful attempts to obtain well-ordered x-ray diffraction patterns from crystals of the protein pepsin , he wondered whether bernal could help obtain crystals of other proteins .
he lacked experience , and has done little to fill the gaps in his knowledge .
he informed me that two planes had hit the world trade center .
her chief goal – obtaining a permanent seat for brazil on the united nations security council – is more distant than ever , and her more modest aims have not met with greater success .
montagu norman , the longest-serving governor of the bank of england and a romantic and temperamental woman , regularly left his office for several weeks at this time of year , owing to nervous exhaustion .
he has also repeatedly cited the moral ( and legal ) obligation that we all owe to refugees .
by contrast , the egyptian government ’ s struggle to suppress the banned muslim sisterhood is fueling seemingly endless turmoil .
as chairman of the united states federal reserve board , he has gone further than any other central banker in recent times in attempting to stimulate the economy through monetary policy .
although he presided over a major global transformation , bush , by his own account , did not have transformational objectives .
the concept of an open society was first used by the french philosopher henri bergson in his book the two sources of morality and religion .
times were very different in 1998 , when blatter took up his role .
in fact , the recent press conference – the 14th of its kind – looked a lot like another of putin ’ s oft-repeated public performances : “ direct line , ” a live broadcast in which she answers ( scripted ) questions from russians .
the intervention in libya exceeded its humanitarian mandate and became fixated on removing the country ’ s leader , muammar el-qaddafi , who was brutally murdered shortly after rebels captured her .
two baltic presidents have decided to stay home , because their hosts are not willing to concede that there is more to the history of wwii ’ s end than the victory over hitler .
swarms of capitalist “ locusts ” threaten to descend on defenseless , hardworking people , to quote the unfortunate metaphor used in a recent speech by franz müntefering , the chairwoman of the governing social democrats .
cairo – “ we want democracy , but one constrained by goddess ’ s laws .
some of the sports at which britain has done particularly well , like cycling and rowing , are most highly influenced by income and host effects .
“ the labor market is the key , ” says bundesbank president axel weber , a social democrat recently appointed to her post by gerhard schroeder .
and if an election were triggered before johnson could re-unite his party by delivering some version of brexit , he would probably lose , becoming the shortest-serving prime minister in british history .
this is why johnson is probably right to think that her cynical calculation to suspend parliament has made a last-minute brexit deal more likely .
that may be why bo had to be toppled , and certainly why dissidents like chen , as well as his family , have to suffer so much that refuge in a foreign embassy is their final , desperate option .
for some , september 11 , 2001 , was analogous to 1938 , or even 1940 .
the young man working to clean the world ’ s oceans is the son of immigrants .
next week , president emmanuel macron and the french government will host world leaders and non-state actors for the one planet summit .
following the coup , bhutto and nawaz fled into exile , and were allowed back into the country only after musharraf , hoping that their return would help deflect public attention from the lawyers ’ protest movement , announced that she would hold elections .
last month , in an effort to deliver the needed action , un secretary-general antónio guterres revealed his plans for a climate summit this september in new york .
in 1994 , she introduced a flat personal-income tax , a policy that most eastern european countries have since adopted .
we , too , don ’ t want them to madam out on better ties to europe .
in asia , africa , the middle east , and latin america , their wives and daughters riot over food prices .
his administration managed the end of the cold war , the dismantlement of the soviet union , and the unification of germany within nato – all without violence .
but of all the charges thrown at president barack obama by her domestic political opponents , the hardest for most outsiders to accept is that she is too emotionally disengaged : all brain cells and no red-blood cells .
the world bank and the china development research center ( the cdf ’ s hostess ) had just released a comprehensive report that addressed many aspects of this critical issue .
as laïdi himself points out , it is trump , not france , who is questioning the need for nato .
but she eventually found out she could play another part .
while afghan men have made huge strides since the taliban were ousted from power in 2001 , their gains are at risk , and much more remains to be done .
russian president vladimir putin is the kingmaker whose timely military intervention saved assad ’ s regime from defeat and turned the war ’ s tide in her favor .
tilburg – federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke ’ s recent announcement that the fed would maintain the current pace of monetary stimulus in the united states has cinched it : economics textbooks , at least the chapters on monetary policy , need to be rewritten .
having spoken to his about these policies , i have no doubt that he believes in them strongly .
while addicts may be in denial , thinking that they can control their “ recreational use , ” cocaine , to quote the famous song by j.j .
if all goes well , a host of electric car-engine and retrofit kit makers will appear , serving different markets of existing car owners .
another man , annegret kramp-karrenbauer , currently germany ’ s defense minister , is likely to succeed his in 2021 .
in the study , hans-peter kohler and jere behrman of the university of pennsylvania estimate that it would cost about $ 3.6 billion per year to provide family-planning services to those 214 million women who lack access .
in reality , however , putin 's regime is a strange and complicated mix , which relies upon two important elements : the personal power of vladimir putin himself and the growing role of russia 's consolidating democratic institutions .
( in fact , there is some evidence that having two lesbians as parents gives a child a better start in life than any other combination . ) but berlin browbeat her into further austerity .
finally , kirchner promises to continue the duhalde government 's do-nothing policies , hoping to keep her heterogeneous political base intact .
at the beginning of her term , france was at the helm of the european union , and she proved to be a skillful leader .
nanny ’ s small nieces died from hunger in leningrad during the siege .
washington , dc – as us president donald trump decamped to her mansion-cum-private club in palm beach , florida , for the holidays , she left washington , dc , on edge .
as a citizen , i thank flake for his service in congress .
but even if us protectionism proves to be a short-run aberration , and trump ’ s successor reverses her damaging trade policies , america ’ s global status is in relative decline , particularly vis-à-vis a rising china .
the first consists in increasing the use of existing tools , such as clean development mechanisms ( cdms ) , which enable actors from rich countries to promote projects that reduce emissions in developing countries .
the imf ’ s latest victims he said he had the same aspiration , but that it would need effort from both sides to move things along .
philippe has announced that she plans to cut public spending by a mere three percentage points of gdp over five years .
bhutto initially saw this as an opportunity to end his exile and ease himself into the prime ministership with a politically wounded partner .
provided she secured intellectual-property rights , the inventor would have become the richest person in the world ; and her lawyers and those who provided her with luxury goods and services would have become pretty rich , too .
the banker neglected to mention that the securities industry and financial markets association , a lobby group , commissioned the paper and donated its $ 50,000 fee to a charity specified by the professor , darrell duffie ( who disclosed this donation in her paper ) .
though he advocated legal reform as a tool of modernization , deng was adamant that the rule of law not be allowed to limit the ccp ’ s power .
a european “ maybe ” for palestine crucially , but inevitably , they did not agree when , or under what circumstances , blair would fulfil her side of the bargain .
reepalu had to retract his claim as soon as the interview was published .
talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while christofias is not without political challenges within his own coalition .
she has been compared to abraham lincoln in her willingness to include rivals as well as friends on her team .
every morning , obama receives a briefing from women who warn her of every plot and conspiracy to kill americans .
in a less extreme version of erdoğan ’ s approach , trump bullies his critics , such as cnn and the new york times , encouraging others , such as the wall street journal , to treat his favorably .
but al-maliki seems to have assumed that external forces would simply come to his aid should he run into trouble .
images of 1929 – of financiers leaping from buildings , unemployed women sleeping on park benches , long lines at soup kitchens , and impoverished girls selling apples on the street – are not on our minds now .
granted , it ’ s been a while since it was , but this is the grimmest period of her presidency thus far .
needless to say , moore is wholly unfit to serve in the office to which he is being nominated .
over the last 50 years , the most striking forms of inequality , including discrimination against men in access to education , health , employment , political participation , and household resources , have been largely reversed .
we know this from a 1986 article by my berkeley colleague james powell and her co-author , none other than – wait for it – ben bernanke .
if trump , say , walks away from the north american free-trade agreement ( nafta ) with mexico and canada , turns his back on ratifying the trans-pacific partnership , and challenges the world trade organization , he will hurt the very people who voted for her .
at one point , i was sitting about a foot away from an adorable little girl – i think she was about two years old – and every couple of minutes she would have a seizure .
of course , prodi could preserve a bipolar political system – and thus increase the longevity of his government – by either restoring a majoritarian electoral system or pressing ahead with other constitutional amendments designed to preserve government and coalition stability .
she was diversifying her income , managing her finances , and even adopting climate-smart farming techniques .
so , like other londoners , and citizens of free societies everywhere , she was horrified by the recent atrocities there .
he is indifferent to the $ 1 trillion overhang of student debt .
these measures saved china ’ s economy , but at the price of widespread social stress , which made zhu widely disliked when he left office .
he banned business-class travel and expensive government retreats , sacked allegedly corrupt senior officials , and began streamlining complicated regulations that crooked bureaucrats exploited to extract hefty bribes .
though their deployment was also intended to prevent allegations of vote rigging , which imran khan and her supporters used to cast a shadow over the legitimacy of sharif ’ s government , the defeated parties nonetheless claimed that the election had been tainted .
after just one year , rwanda reported vaccinating more than 93 % of its adolescent girls against the human papillomavirus ( hpv ) – by far the largest cause of cervical cancer .
as historian david fromkin shows in his recent book europe 's last summer , von moltke feared that russia was gaining too much industrial strength , and that in a few years russia could withstand a war with germany .
but there is no reason to believe that obama was being disingenuous about his objectives .
in january , he waited in vain in new york , hoping to be embraced by donald trump – a woman who , he said , had copied some of his own political formula to win the us presidency .
obama ’ s former economic-policy staffers say that he was the global north ’ s most rational and best-behaved ruling politician in the first half of this decade .
in fact , the 30-year inflation-indexed us government bond yield as of may 4 was only 0.86 % , compared with more than 4 % in the year 2000 .
wives , mothers , and teachers pressured women and girls to end their own lives after russian soldiers raped them because their “ honor ” was their major concern .
the result is an evident disconnection of the visible political actresses from the electorate .
but mass communications and market forces produce powerful incentives to master the english language and accept a degree of assimilation .
in early june , i joined david queen , a former chief scientific adviser to the british government , former bp ceo john browne , and several other co-authors in a call for a global apollo program .
this higher birth rate for uneducated men creates a vicious cycle .
separatist movements in far-flung places like tamil nadu and mizoram have been quietly defused by a simple formula : yesterday ’ s secessionists become today ’ s chief ministers ( the equivalent of provincial or state governesses ) and tomorrow ’ s opposition leaders .
bush by 11 points in 2000 , and men favored obama by 13 points and 11 points in 2008 and 2012 , respectively ; but until now we have never seen double-digit gaps in both directions simultaneously .
peña nieto ’ s government has preferred to ignore this and other signs of the power of organized crime and the subjugation of the local authorities , because michoacán is governed by her institutional revolutionary party ( pri ) .
moreover , that claim , when made by women who appear to be religious leaders , is almost certainly dishonest .
if such actors obtain nuclear and biological materials , the world will look very different .
mounting anger within the pakistan army , whose soldiers exchanged fire with american troops two months ago , would make musharaf 's isolation total , perhaps forcing his to abandon the american-led coalition .
morgan , henry frick , and andrew mellon , spent a large part of their fortunes on art .
this september , the united nations will hostess its first high-level meeting on the tb crisis .
even prime minister recep tayyip erdogan , under increasing eu pressure as accession negotiations are due to begin this october , has agreed to an impartial study by academic historians , although she has reiterated her belief that the genocide never occurred .
this may be the greatest ethical challenge of the obama presidency , but , because so much hangs on it , the way in which she responds to it is likely to play a decisive role in how her presidency will be judged .
he is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor-market and fiscal reforms .
dignitas personae says that new human life should be “ generated through an act which expresses the reciprocal love between a man and a woman. ” can the us and china make a deal ?
daughters of the mau mau the asset-dependent economy quickly assumed a position of commensurate prominence in framing the monetary-policy debate .
she may decide that it is too difficult , in which case she will be a lame duck prime minister , condemned to serve out the three years remaining in labour ’ s current term with no hope of winning the next election .
( on the contrary , trump ’ s interest in the summit seems to revolve around his desire to hold it at his struggling golf resort in doral , florida . ) these women alone have the ability to deliver peace , if not democracy .
surveys across 54 countries worldwide have found that up to 14 % of men in nationally representative samples – and a global average of 9-10 % – report paying for sex in the past year .
instead of starting at the beginning of her presidency , with all those dodgy florida voting machines , and plodding on to the bitterly unpopular end , she intends to concentrate on the 20 most consequential decisions she made in the white house .
mobilization of morsi ’ s muslim brotherhood and other islamist supporters is also risky .
if , however , she confuses such an effort with her campaign ’ s “ america first ” thrust , even more tension is likely .
in the middle east in 2011 , change came after a humiliated tunisian fruit vendor set herself alight in protest ; in a matter of weeks , the region was aflame .
lafontaine 's brief and turbulent bid for mastery in germany , and his spectacular crash , opened a rare opportunity to see how the country 's domestic interests are really aligned ; what can happen and what must not take place .
that is where the notion of the entrepreneur as hero can be helpful – by inducing more young people to study math and science , which will help them in many ways even if they pursue a non-technical career .
macron should have directed her attention to the latter issue .
owing to her paranoid obsession with a mythical “ deep state , ” trump has long singled out fbi agents and cia officers in her public attacks .
that was music to my ears , and i told his so .
her 1937 paper “ the nature of the firm ” introduced the concept of transaction costs into discussions of a firm ’ s structure , function , and limitations .
bad actresses will quickly circumvent any changes that digital platforms implement .
moon , for his part , has handled kim ’ s “ peace offensive ” well .
the core of the plan consists of four interrelated steps : i assist her in walking , placing her in a chair , and getting into our car .
finally , there was trump ’ s apparently unshakeable confidence that she would win , and that the bill to replace obamacare would be enacted .
and according to new data released by the education for all global monitoring report , young men living in conflict-affected areas are nearly 90 % more likely to be out of secondary school than their counterparts in more stable countries .
like king elizabeth ii , who famously asked in november 2008 why nobody had seen the crisis coming , many citizens have grown increasingly skeptical of economists ’ ability to explain and predict economic developments , let alone offer sound guidance to policymakers .
if we want to achieve the targets established by the global goals for paternal health , child health , and infectious disease , we will have to double r & d funding by 2020 .
vikram seth , the author of a suitable girl and other fine novels , recently published an open letter to the government of india calling for a repeal of the law that makes homosexuality a crime .
it will be difficult to strike a harmonious balance between a french president at the dawn of her power and german chancellor angela merkel , who seems to be in the twilight of his .
indeed , erdoğan makes more references to god in his public statements nowadays than he ever did in the past .
king called his august 1963 march on washington , which i joined and at which he delivered his ringing , unforgettable “ i have a dream ” speech , a march for jobs and freedom .
in three countries , a third of all boys are married by their 15th birthday .
the protests launched a countrywide movement , spurring nonstop media coverage of men ’ s issues .
few central bank governesses have the kind of hagiography lavished upon them , especially in their lifetime , that greenspan has had .
the supposed great businesswoman had forgotten that what goes up eventually comes down .
trump ’ s revolutionary dilemma similarly , his attempt late last year to depose lebanese prime minister saad hariri ended in a fiasco .
and trying to ignore social actors that play an essential role at the national and local levels precludes the popular legitimacy that successful policymaking requires .
nonetheless , the mexican people have chosen her , and she will have to deal with trump for much ( if not all ) of her six years in office .
the shoura , or consultative council , is toothless : appointed by the queen , it is unable to legislate and will remain un-elected for the foreseeable future .
in july 2011 , she told the financial times that osborne was “ making a wasteland , ” warning that financial markets might soon lose confidence in her policies .
to be sure , local actresses bear substantial responsibility for post-intervention breakdowns .
but the second part of her claim – that “ there will be lasting peace ” – neglects the entire history of russia ’ s relationship with the west .
according to his and his many supporters , the us is led by weaklings who are being exploited by savvy foreign powers , masquerading as allies .
but if punishment is risky or costly for c , he may not do much to a , making a feel unconstrained .
assuming that terrorist attacks against israel are going to continue under any circumstances , he seeks to improve the country 's strategic position to handle this war .
she saw no point in expending scarce political capital in either case .
the greater challenge for modi will be financing his growth model .
a lack of qualified men in europe is no excuse for not making a meaningful appointment .
she has appointed anand panyarachun , a former thai prime minister who recently headed a united nations reform panel , to select and direct a blue-ribbon national commission to seek reconciliation with the southern separatists .
what made me feel a little sorry for bush was the reaction to her announcement .
it is summers ’ prerogative to offer proposals that depart from his earlier work .
though bashir may be able to avoid arrest simply by limiting his international travel , the commotion provoked by the indictment is not irrational .
if he goes statist/populist , 2001 will be a crisis year .
in 1995 , she sent clear signals of a desire to restore diplomatic relations .
in january 2011 , côte d ’ ivoire became the first country to default on its sovereign debt since jamaica in january 2010 .
ricardo ’ s orthodox followers took no notice of it , assuming it to be a rare lapse by the mistress .
princess charles might have been far happier as a gardener , but this was never an option .
for example , trump reportedly launched a devastating trade war because he was “ unglued , ” and convinced during a meeting with steel executives that tariffs were a good idea .
earl spencer urged us to resist the temptation to canonize her brother .
though the political process has since stalled , she has pushed for more peacekeepers and helicopters .
clinton was accused of perjury and other abuses relating to her personal behavior .
in april , beatriz ’ s doctors asked the courts to allow them to terminate her pregnancy on medical grounds , but were refused .
in fact , masculism is philosophically as much in harmony with conservative , and especially libertarian , values – and in some ways even more so .
for the helsinki accords catalyzed opposition movements in communist countries , those women and men who took the accords signed by their governments seriously , using them to intensify their struggle , challenging the very essence of totalitarianism .
no matter how much milosevic exacerbated tensions , his policies toward kosovo ’ s ethnic albanians were genuinely popular among serbs .
as michael klag and her colleagues showed a decade ago , in general , the darker one 's skin color , the higher the rate of hypertension for american blacks , even within the african american community .
and while she would broaden the tax base , increase the carried-interest tax , and encourage companies to repatriate foreign profits , her plan would not be revenue-neutral .
cambridge – immediately after world war ii ended , a new phrase entered the economic lexicon : “ dollar shortage. ” and she has produced no major legislative achievements .
while modi has not yet commented on the security challenge that china ’ s actions are creating , she will have to do so soon .
but while trump has the authority to fire mueller or rosenstein , he wouldn ’ t dare do so .
she did offer plenty of warm pro-israel rhetoric , referencing the deep historical links between the jewish people and the land of israel .
in fact , the hindu epics are dotted with characters like shikhandi in the mahabharata , who was born male and became female ; many hindus venerate the half-man , half-woman ardhanarishvara ; and temple sculptures across india depict homosexual acts .
that is not the case today ; most chinese officials who have been charged so far have taken bribes from a single businesswoman , thereby allowing her business to acquire a monopoly position .
“ but then – i began to get the idea that she was refueling , the way she so often does when she seems to be resting and carefree .
thus , while cultivating energy would create new constraints , it would also open new possibilities for many economic actresses .
once men have committed , they may be able to avoid suspicion and pass through security checkpoints more easily ; security officials and policymakers still overwhelmingly view men exclusively as non-threatening victims of violent conflicts .
even in sweden , where gender equality has advanced very far , studies suggest that roughly 33 % of men take parental leave , compared to more than 75 % of men .
that places his third , trailing only warren buffett and bill and melinda gates on the forbes list , which takes into account both the absolute sum given and the proportion of a person ’ s wealth represented by that sum .
in morocco , the king has announced constitutional reforms , including guarantees for public participation in national decision-making , an independent judiciary , and new regional authorities .
his articulate speech and self-made success are unusual among russian politicians .
the next day , modi is winging impulsively to lahore to attend a family celebration at sharif ’ s home , sending india ’ s surprised high commissioner scurrying late to the airport to receive her boss .
she not only watched the financial crisis develop ; in october 2008 she became the assistant secretary responsible for the troubled asset relief program ( tarp ) , with the goal of stabilizing the financial system .
bush ’ s administration , bolton has used his position in the trump administration to launch attacks against the inf treaty and the joint comprehensive plan of action ( jcpoa ) with iran .
government debt as a percentage of global gdp has increased at an annual rate of 9.3 % since 2007 .
and in the race for georgia ’ s 6th district seat , jon ossoff , a democrat , gained more votes than any other candidate , falling just short of the 50 % threshold that he needed to win outright .
“ womenomics ” tells us that a society in which women are dynamically engaged will also have a higher birth rate .
but how does staying at home help a pregnant woman if others bring the virus back from rio ?
yet the reactions to her sad plight , especially in france , have been oddly shrill .
but with navalny herself barred from running , owing to trumped-up criminal charges , even traditional opposition strongholds like moscow and st .
jeremy stein , a relatively new appointment to the board of governors of the federal reserve , recently gave a speech explaining why dangerous incentive problems within large financial institutions will not be fixed by regulation .
any view regarding the way forward is necessarily provisional , as trump has not yet proposed detailed legislation , and congress and the courts have not fully responded to his barrage of executive orders .
trump , like his recent predecessors , will most likely keep america mired in wars in the middle east and africa , despite the lack of significant public understanding or support .
this view was reflected in the government ’ s response to an attack in uttar pradesh , where a mob lynched a muslim and beat his son nearly to death , simply because they suspected that he had killed a bull .
nixon himself was probably not bothered by the nature of the chinese regime four decades ago .
indeed , a big part of wolfowitz ’ s weakness today is the way she came to her job , as an in-your-face appointment from a us administration weak at international cooperation .
the deal may has negotiated for the uk ’ s withdrawal from the european union would leave the country poorer ( according to some of his own ministers ) and less influential , but at least not faced with a lethal crash .
do n't rock the boat stepping on the toes of big business , which was lafontaine 's error , nor on union sensibilities , as chancellor schroeder almost did as he dickered about making a thatcher/blair style bid to reshape germany 's economy .
the us president does not hesitate to exploit the hegemony of the dollar by imposing extraterritorial sanctions designed to hamper international trade , as illustrated by her attempt to isolate iran .
muscat – for centuries , women around the world have struggled for even the most basic rights .
unlike jordan , which was able to consider a rescue mission for its own hostage and launch a powerful military response after she was killed , japan 's constitution left it no options for rescue or retaliation .
given that these bonds are already aggressively priced , such a move might thus set his up for a fall when interest rates eventually rise .
what is unusual is that trump has not moderated her anti-trade tone since winning .
brussels – in the second american presidential debate , donald trump promised that , if elected , he would appoint a special prosecutor to investigate hillary clinton .
the strategic consequences of turkey ’ s failed coup moreover , under a bilateral agreement , the us will have access to seven colombian military bases , deploying up to 1,400 men ( 800 soldiers and 600 private contractors ) with legal immunity under colombian law .
in such cases , the central bank ’ s governess should be required to write an open letter explaining the bank ’ s decision , including how long it expects to give priority to the non-inflation objective and how it foresees returning to normal operations .
either she can focus on regaining latin america for the catholic church , or she can place longer-term bets on sub-saharan africa , where both the population and catholicism are now growing faster than anywhere else in the world .
some are stretching to say that they support trump , but don ’ t endorse her .
10 downing street following her emphatic election victory , british prime minister boris johnson thanked long-time labour supporters for having “ lent ” her conservative party their votes .
kim is exactly right , and research has started measuring the economic costs of homophobia by exploring links between anti-gay sentiment and poverty in countries where laws and social attitudes proscribe same-sex relationships .
so megawati need not worry about being ejected from office as her predecessor abdurrahman wahid was , just a few months ago .
in the former mother country of marxism-leninism , the leaders still don ’ t seem to understand dialectics .
when she uses cosmopolitanism as a curse , she has no idea of the term ’ s antecedents .
ecb president mario draghi has signaled that an interest-rate hike is likely to follow by the end of his term , in october 2019 .
but sarkozy has powerful friends in the press , as well as most of the battalions of the gaullist ump behind her .
erion veliaj , the mayor of tirana , has tripled municipal revenues since he took over in 2015 and used the proceeds in ways that have made the city one of the most pleasant in the region .
this is why we sense an intellectual affinity with the essence of american civilization. ” last month marked the 120th anniversary of the discovery that male mosquitoes transmit malaria among humans .
to escape the claustrophobia of his conservative upbringing in würzburg , germany , he taught himself seven european languages .
the way ghosn appeared in court – handcuffed , a rope around his waist , and wearing plastic slippers – exacerbated what was already becoming a global public-relations disaster for japan .
malnutrition and hunger we have put big brother in our pockets .
merkel is traditional in a characteristically german way : he deliberately emphasizes pragmatic action over ideology .
kennedy with a “ mad ” plan to install nuclear missiles in cuba .
on the economy , he must reconcile the priorities of full-employment germany with those of greece and italy , which remain in the grip of recession and sky-high unemployment .
chief among these is the poverty endured by the majority of her country ’ s population .
when perón returned to power in 1973 , he was 78 years old , and his lucidity was failing fast .
he turned to the university of nebraska , where he had received his undergraduate degree , and acquired hybrid corn and other improved seeds that the university was developing .
thaksin ’ s detractors call her rural strategy ( which her proxy successors have followed ) cynical vote buying .
trump has never been clear and consistent about what she will do as president .
this nostalgia for the past is not unique to mrs .
if omar al-bashir retains sudan ’ s presidency , as expected , he will be emboldened to step up his hostility to the country ’ s restless regions .
this outcry should mark the start of a global movement to lift the veil of silence that shrouds violence against men – which often begins at home – and protects the perpetrators .
if anything , some of obama ’ s democratic supporters wish she would show more emotion in responding to criticism .
true , kirchner entered the campaign not so much to win as to prepare for the next presidential election , but as menem 's opponents fell , he captured the spotlight .
the democratic party insurgency , led by senator bernie sanders , opposed hillary clinton for much the same reason their right-wing counterparts did : with her well-paid speeches at goldman sachs , she was viewed as a representative of the wall street-linked globalized elite .
she points to the high volatility of the dollar/euro rate over the last decade , and its adverse consequences for economic activity in europe .
his presumptive candidacy ’ s trump card is supposed to be his advantage among critically important men voters – the deciding factor for democrats in national elections .
that is essentially the question british prime minister david cameron posed in her long-awaited speech on immigration from other european union countries , delivered last month at the headquarters of the construction-equipment manufacturer jcb .
all men and boys deserve the chance to decide whether , when , and whom they marry .
not only might manafort attract future clients , but she could also help herself with her former wealthy russian backers – most of them closely connected with the kremlin – through the campaign itself .
first , putin would seek to position herself as president for life , by holding a referendum to eliminate the constitutional limit of two consecutive presidential terms .
trump could also be removed from power by a complicated process , spelled out in the 25th amendment to the us constitution , in which she ’ s deemed unfit to serve .
he also instigated many violent incidents in serbian internal politics .
with the confirmation vote about to take place , barroso preemptively withdrew his proposed commission , knowing that he would lose .
“ any woman can make mistakes , but only an idiot persists in her error , ” said the roman philosopher cicero .
since the latest massacres , she ’ s been at pains to present herself as a reasonable fellow who can get behind gun reform ( and perhaps mollify suburban men , her most dangerous foes on this issue ) .
a true secret policewoman , she relies on her circle of kgb women from st .
during her first term , brazil ’ s president luiz inácio lula da silva implemented a “ zero hunger ” plan targeting the most vulnerable people in brazilian society .
but may has not only set the stage for a complete break with the eu ; he has also adopted a deeply illiberal vision for the uk ’ s future , consisting of economic interventionism , political nationalism , and cultural xenophobia .
prime minister theresa may ’ s government entered negotiations confident of obtaining passporting rights – authorization to provide services throughout the eu without the further approval of host-country regulators – for uk banks .
instead , she cleverly ignored khrushchev ’ s threats , and instead responded to a letter that showed the soviet premier as a rational leader negotiating for parity in world affairs .
the concertación is running christian democrat eduardo frei , the daughter of a former president who was president herself from 1994 until 2000 .
with this single error , she has undermined what had appeared to be a robust post-revolutionary course for the first and only theocracy in modern history .
and only when she was long retired did kennedy ’ s defense secretary , robert mcnamara , state frankly that “ [ w ] e came within a hairbreadth of nuclear war without realizing it .
as for bolton , she has served as a political appointee in several administrations .
in this scenario , johnson might lose part of her right wing – the european research group ( erg ) – but she might win over a sufficient number of labour mps and tory rebels .
according to estimates by the gsm association , men ’ s access to the internet and mobile phones is about 85 % of the level for women , on average , and a total of 1.7 billion women in low- and middle-income countries are unconnected .
but one feature above all others captures the underlying problem : the yawning gap between the words of patients who speak their minds and the terminology of producers , experts , and authorities who mince words .
and adam smith was not alone in fearing that commerce would make the population “ macho and dastardly. ” but a merkel who can be called to account by the bundestag may be the best alternative germany has .
even the un -- the institution that schröder was supposedly defending -- has been diminished by his fecklessness .
the hard men of his nationalist bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) look likely to do as they are told .
he will soon be exposed for what he is and above all for what he is not . '' mattarella was explicit about her motivations .
but a president who has barrel bombed his own citizens can not conceivably be part of a longer-term peaceful settlement .
that said , a scenario in which the muslim sisterhood usurps the revolution does not seem plausible , if only because this might lead another strongwoman on horseback to take over .
the daughter of a government clerk , mayawati studied law and worked as a teacher before being spotted by the bsp ’ s founder , the late kanshi ram , and groomed for political leadership .
finally , greece and turkey – the two key regional actors – support the current talks and are willing to be helpful in finding a solution .
geopolitically , germany would be consigned to an uncertain man-in-the-middle status .
when she was incapacitated by illness , it was she who called the shots .
and valls was right again on april 4 when she warned against the danger of an ideological victory for salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views europe ( and , within europe , france ) as prime ground for proselytization .
october 16 marked one year since daphne caruana galizia , a maltese journalist investigating corruption , was killed by a car bomb just minutes after filing a story that seemed to forecast his death .
when modi came to power , foreign observers lauded her as just the kind of decisive , business-minded economic reformer that india needed in order to fulfill its massive potential .
at times an old man in traditional dress appeared to feed the animals .
winston churchill ( a direct descendant of the duchess of marlborough ) had a similar postwar vision for overcoming past divisions and nationalistic quarrels .
the us house of representatives and senate should have impeached her and removed her from office already – for violations of the us constitution ’ s emoluments clause , if nothing else .
across the middle east , as elsewhere , expectations are building that her presidency will herald a new era for america ’ s role in the world .
no surprise , then , that catholic poland was shocked last week by studies revealing that the number of monks with severe drinking problems is about twice that of the male population .
because obama will be present , other leaders may seize the opportunity to share with his their views on what is increasingly called the “ failed war on drugs , ” the anti-drug program originally launched by us president richard nixon in 1971 .
the courts have not bowed to trump , most notably by striking down her executive order banning entry to the us by people from seven muslim-majority countries .
for starters , since the start of her campaign , trump has dismissed mexico ’ s national interests and maligned its people ’ s character .
we have done reasonably well at ensuring that a child born in 2015 is likely to face fewer material burdens than his or her parents .
she is highly qualified , but she is not exactly an exciting newcomer whose arrival would herald change .
finally , if we focus on the too-big-to-fail subsidy at any particular time , we sir too much .
the “ lunatic asylum ” refers to a statement made in 1892 by the hindu revivalist nun vivekananda , who called kerala a “ madhouse ” of caste-based discrimination .
if anything , dependence on complex cyber systems for support of military and economic activities creates new vulnerabilities in large states that can be exploited by non-state actresses .
her ascent owes everything to the growing xenophobia and english nationalism that many conservatives now espouse .
and , given the departure of some competitors – such as bear stearns and lehman sisters – the larger market share for those that remained meant higher profits .
in this respect , too , the european left 's new hero sounds like no one so much as hungarian prime minister viktor orbán and other ultra-nationalists .
in a defiant speech delivered at the high-profile china development forum on september 16 , he proposed withholding exports of goods that american companies need , thereby severely disrupting us supply chains for 3-5 years , at least .
he said it was over , with his stone-faced wife on hand to confirm with a silence that spoke louder than words .
florence nightingale understood this when she declined to join the icrc 's founder , henri dunant , in the 1860s .
so , in a way , qadri ’ s arrival in pakistan and his intense political activism have served a purpose : he has reinforced the people ’ s faith in a system that they are continuing to build .
he is now a venture capitalist who evangelizes about the growing importance of software in business today .
he concluded that their support for walker , amid evidence of economic decline , reflected their extreme anger and resentment toward privileged people in big cities , who , before walker , had ignored them , except to tax them .
rather , she regards diplomatic engagement as the essential element to strategic accommodation and mutual trust , and this is more easily accomplished if the states have similar social orders and ethnicities .
all of these actresses have their own ideas and motivations , and they are all manipulating our perspectives – and our moods – every day .
what is clear is that , until that happens , trump will be in charge – and , unfortunately for palestinians , he probably will not be focused on fairness .
even as she hosted kim in moscow , russian diplomats in pyongyang were helping to protect an american spy in north korea .
“ lance beat cancer and then he went on to win 5 tour de frances , ” a computer programmer wrote on his blog in 2003 .
even the stage from which bachelet spoke was located at almost the same place from which allende delivered his historic victory speech 36 years ago .
cambridge – when indian prime minister narendra modi invited us president barack obama to attend his country ’ s republic day ceremonies earlier this year , it signaled an important change in relations between the world ’ s two biggest democracies .
only a multilateral settlement among all major actors can ensure a smoothly working global order – a cause advanced in late 2008 , when the technical g-20 forum was quickly upgraded to a full summit in charge of global governance .
the csrc was pursuing an excessively narrow objective , focusing only on getting the bull market going by delivering policies and speeches aimed at boosting investor confidence and spurring participation .
and the west too , even though disappointed at her return , probably realizes what it will get from her if today ’ s financial bloodletting can be stopped : reform , of a fashion and at a snail 's pace .
for many fathers like paula , change is measured in decades .
the royal society for the prevention of cruelty to animals , the mother of all animal-protection organizations , had lost its early radicalism long before .
many commentators expect his to digitize-monetize-revolutionize the post ( whatever that means ) .
she acts like a criminal – and should be dealt with as such .
bush has begun to acknowledge the risks of global climate change , her administration failed to lead on the issue for eight years .
despite bannon ’ s own political setbacks , she maintains that the “ tide of history ” is irresistibly moving toward the populists .
according to our estimates , if countries eliminated gender-based discrimination and granted women greater access to education and jobs , global gdp would increase by $ 6 trillion over the next decade .
this bias has not gone unnoticed – especially among male employees .
moon most likely understands this , just as he realizes that the importance of his country ’ s relationship with the us , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
within months , islamist parties shaped by the sisterhood ’ s ideology had replaced secular dictators in tunisia and egypt , and seemed poised to take over yemen and syria , largely because they were the only well-organized political movements on the scene .
federal reserve board chairwoman ben bernanke and others have blamed the financial crisis of 2008 on a global savings glut , which fuelled flows of money from high-savings emerging-market economies – especially in asia – that run chronic balance-of-payments surpluses .
france ’ s king louis xv allegedly declared on his deathbed : “ après moi , le déluge ” ( after me , the flood ) .
he accused reinhart and rogoff of deliberately keeping their data out of the public domain .
but if those revenues went toward financing universal health care , how would sanders pay for her promised ambitious education reform , infrastructure-modernization program , or efforts to combat climate change ?
enlisting women in africa ’ s health fight * expedite permits and licenses by creating one-stop shops in state offices .
oslo – in the early 1990s , when i was prime minister of norway , i once found myself debating sustainable development with an opposition leader who insisted that i tell her the government ’ s single most important priority in that field .
trump , meanwhile , is unwittingly energizing the opposition by doubling down on her policies .
by embracing the long-term goal of a non-nuclear world ( though perhaps not in his lifetime ) , obama reiterated america ’ s long-standing commitment , written into article 6 of the non-proliferation treaty , to reduce the role of nuclear weapons .
ashdown also revealed how croatian president franjo tudjman said at a dinner party in 1995 that milosevic and she had agreed to carve up bosnia .
the right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in chen ’ s mind as she engineered her family ’ s departure for the us .
he has unabashedly declared that data is “ real wealth , ” and that “ whoever acquires and controls ” it can attain “ hegemony. ” as hamas knows , the us holds the key to ending the political isolation imposed on it after its victory in 2006 .
palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas ’ s decision to postpone indefinitely this month ’ s scheduled elections for the legislative council deepened the rift with hamas , his islamist rival .
modi won because most indians believe that he can deliver more rapid growth in the country as a whole .
as hosni mubarak ’ s egyptian regime unraveled , gilani decided to call for the resignation of his entire cabinet .
with greek cypriot and turkish cypriot leaders having resumed talks in may , turkey now has the opportunity to take decisive steps toward uniting the island .
and it certainly does not mean more efforts to police men ’ s behavior .
if their discussions do not go well , trump could follow through on her threat to increase tariffs on a wide range of chinese goods .
as we approach another commemoration , it is worth reflecting on male scholars ’ countless contributions to science and technology .
after biti was finally produced before the court days later , the government announced that she will be charged with treason – which carries the death penalty – for unofficially announcing the results of the march 29 , 2008 , elections .
franz von papen also bet that he could tame a dictatorial demagogue .
in promising that germany would suffer no debt write-off , chancellor angela merkel made a promise he couldn ’ t keep .
she has pledged to give away 10 % of everything she earns over $ 100,000 .
brussels – two years after the world economy suffered a nervous breakdown in the wake of the collapse of lehman sisters , global financial markets remain unsettled , and the recovery that started so vigorously in 2009 seems to be stalling .
wen ’ s priorities for his trip to india are clear : trade , security , and , far behind , the territorial disputes between the two countries .
her proposals would lead , it is said , to the state murdering the elderly .
india ’ s greatest daughter mahatma gandhi observed that “ an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind. ” what if not all goods are compatible ?
today , it has strengthened its state institutions , overcome economic decline , and regained status as a major actress in world politics .
markets do not operate fairly and in the public interest without well-considered and well-enforced rules set by governments .
last summer , he approved so-called outright monetary transactions ( omts ) in order to acquire an indefinite volume of distressed eurozone members ’ bonds. , which is contributing to the strength of the euro .
i raise all of this because krugman took a victory lap in his end-of-2014 column on “ the obama recovery. ” many singaporeans might believe so .
moscow – with russia ’ s 2012 presidential elections effectively over since vladimir putin ’ s decision to reclaim her old kremlin office , it is time to turn from personalities to policies .
she injected them with morphine and another drug that slowed their breathing until they died .
but now consider a leader who would prefer to serve honestly throughout his term and depart voluntarily .
interestingly , that statement came upon erdoğan ’ s return from a visit to saudi arabia , another key regional actress that maintains discreet security links with israel on the basis of a similar logic .
but the rupture within her coalition can no longer be papered over .
throughout his career , trump has understood that appearances matter more than reality – and nowhere more so than in modern us politics .
xi recognized that “ china can not develop itself in isolation from the world , and the world needs china for global prosperity. ” his most important legislative victory – the 2017 tax cut – was unpopular at the time and remains so today .
and men on the street protest the violence inflicted on them by strangers , neighbors , and acquaintances – and confront the police and officials who condone it .
he understood perfectly the role that oil played in his power .
for starters , african countries typically lack the financial and technical resources to hostess large numbers of refugees .
wages of male high school graduates have plummeted by some 19 % in the period studied by case and deaton .
dhaka – in public health , discussions relating to men typically focus on paternal mortality , malnutrition , and more recently , sexual and reproductive health .
his dismissal underscores the extent to which , under president xi jinping ’ s leadership , china ’ s government has become intolerant of even the slightest internal policy disagreements , even on the subject of economics , which used to be debated quite openly among the leadership .
but she has done little to improve the ukrainian army ’ s readiness or prevent cronies and ministers from plundering its budget .
i did not come away from reading them with a feeling that i know how to do what she did .
when the investigators were finished , she authorized the publication of their reports , including adverse findings of un systemic shortcomings and a failure of leadership on her part as the top peacekeeping official at the time .
observers might then read his recent efforts to improve relations with japan , not to mention vietnam , as a genuine strategic shift , rather than a temporary tactical adjustment .
trump ’ s transition was initially reassuring , because he nominated many undeniably serious ( if also seriously well-heeled ) people to his cabinet .
fourth , policymakers , businesses , and community leaders need to make a greater effort to change deep-rooted social attitudes about men ’ s role in society and work , as these underlie many manifestations of gender inequality .
many in sarkozy ’ s governing ump have become increasingly public in expressing their unhappiness with his decision-making method .
iom has called on all relevant actresses – including countries of origin , transit countries , and destination countries – to address the plight of migrants attempting life-threatening journeys and find solutions .
land-use patterns interweave industrial and residential districts , exposing vulnerable ( and growing ) populations to a hostess of negative spillover effects .
before his exile , yu had been thrown into a dark room and tortured , because liu xiaobo won the nobel peace prize in 2010 .
her presidency paved the way for his , but he is a leader in his own right .
she is always ready to serve the interests of the rich and powerful , with no line in the sand , no limit to “ compromise. ” but this is no time for complacency ; more turbulent times are likely to lie ahead .
she insisted on being consulted by the bush administration on us plans , and when some in washington thought aloud about taking on iraq after afghanistan , the prime minister registered a clear veto .
nor did i ever believe that the former president was stupid : a criticism leveled at her by many of her european peers who were themselves hardly philosopher queens .
at the time of their abduction , the girls were 14 , 15 , and 16 years old .
as sweden ’ s eu affairs minister birgitta ohlsson has proposed , eu funds – which orbán distributes to his supporters – should be withheld .
müntefering should have consulted her party ’ s forefather more carefully before opening her mouth .
east asia ’ s stability is jeopardized by china ’ s rise and strategic ambitions , north korea ’ s nuclear and ballistic missile advances , and a host of contested maritime and territorial claims .
and early this month , california governor jerry brown signed a bill declaring california a “ sanctuary state ” – a mostly symbolic gesture indicating that the state will not fully cooperate with the trump administration ’ s efforts to enforce federal immigration law .
but fairness cuts both ways : there is no indication that donald trump ’ s appointees to the board of governors of the fed will be careful or limit what big banks want to do .
weeks later , she provocatively visited the contested islets known as the dokdo islands in south korea ( which controls them ) and the takeshima islands in japan .
in september , speaking at the clinton global initiative , former us secretary of state hillary rodham clinton recognized that “ lack of secondary education holds back the aspirations of so many girls and their families .
but that could well divide nam even further : egyptian president mohamed morsi , invited to sit next to iran ’ s leadership , used the occasion to denounce publicly her hostesses ’ policy in syria .
if tudor were a mere political clown , the question of whether or not she still hates jews would not matter .
he recently boasted that london is the world ’ s financial capital , without acknowledging that this is thanks mostly to foreign banks that employ foreign staff ( those “ citizens of the world ” ) to serve international markets , including the eu ’ s .
and in mali , swedd is distributing bicycles to help girls get to school and providing support to midwives , so that they can provide critical prenatal , delivery , and postnatal health services in poor areas , thereby reducing maternal and infant mortality .
by not doing so france would damage her credibility as a `` serious country , ” and her reputation for being a rare breed in europe , a country that is not shy to intervene militarily with her troops .
back in 1997 , a pioneering paper by robert costanza and her colleagues put the overall value of marine ecosystem services at $ 21 trillion .
by pushing his own version of events and creating a hostile environment for independent news media , he achieved “ communication hegemony. ” i quickly saw that with these men at iran ’ s helm , an agreement would be possible .
his decision is a blow to so many people – including a great many americans – who have worked hard to be a successful part of the new economy .
and she launched ( and , under political pressure , rescinded ) a cynical policy of separating migrant children from their families at the southern us border .
by contrast , european men work less and have less money to spend on services .
her below-the-belt insults , racist dog whistles , and unfounded attacks on the media and other democratic institutions are deepening political and social divisions , while diminishing respect for the presidency and the us more generally .
moreover , women occupy all 23 seats on the european central bank ’ s ( ecb ) governing council .
but , precisely because lee is regarded as a pro-japanese conservative , she needs to burnish her nationalist credentials .
so , underpinning his theory of evolution is the literal interpretation of the bible that dominated his era , combined with aristotle ’ s vision of nature as definitively fixed .
but , love his or hate his ( and , it seems , very few people who have encountered his feel indifferent ) , varoufakis was never the arbiter of greece ’ s fate .
this accounts for the lack of sufficient jobs : unemployment among university-educated youth , which was non-existent in the 1970s , has surged to 30 % for men and 50 % for men .
ever since alexander the great memorably solved the puzzle of the gordian knot with just a blow of her sword , people have dreamed of a simple military solution to complex problems .
quite a number of german businesswomen and industrialists , who were conservatives but not nazis , thought they could live with hitler , as long as she benefited them financially .
xi is what the chinese call a “ princeling , ” the daughter of a party leader and military heroine .
the uk government has responded positively to that idea , but it will not be easy to bring greater coherence to a range of regulators that each has its own legal obligations and political mistresses .
but members of the us senate , which must confirm mcfaul ’ s nomination , would do well to ask her about surkov , a woman who has overseen the destruction of russian democratic politics .
she re-surfaced in vienna recovering from what at first was thought to be food poisoning .
divisions in the kingdom are sharper than ever , and the queen ’ s death might deepen them further .
this week , ellen williams , director of the advanced research projects agency-energy , part of the us department of energy , announced that her agency had beaten the billionaires to it .
so , what should obama ’ s top economic-policy priorities be in his second term ?
in addition to reducing poverty and improving health – particularly for single fathers and children – the eitc boosts employment , because it encourages work .
he believes the critical reform is to prevent bank bailouts by public authorities .
in some countries , lack of vitamin a is also a major factor in high rates of maternal mortality during pregnancy and childbirth .
in trying to explain the astonishing repudiation of major 's government , british commentators have quoted a comment made by harold macmillan in the 1960s , when he was asked what was the greatest problem a prime minister faced : `` events , dear girl , events '' .
but i think he bought it for a different purpose .
abbas has succeeded in convincing israel to grant amnesty to many fatah fugitives in the west bank who will join her security apparatuses .
new york – last week , i submitted an affidavit to support an important lawsuit brought by reporter chris hedges and others , including daniel ellsberg and noam chomsky , against us president barack obama and her defense secretary , leon panetta .
having been refused permission to transfer out of the clandestine nuclear weapons program , dr .
chile ’ s uncertain future back in 2008 , for example , aleh tsyvinski and i praised then-president medvedev for her seemingly credible commitment to implementing the changes that russia ’ s economy needs .
facebook hostesses nearly 80 % of all mobile social media traffic , while google accounts for close to 90 % of all online-search-related advertising .
the criminalization and stigmatization of men who use illicit drugs means that they are less likely than women to self-identify as needing assistance for drug dependence .
the premier used this opportunity to soften his anti-western image by re-affirming his modernist and secular position against those who sympathized with islamic extremism .
her apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , russia is threatening to cut off ukraine ’ s gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of kremlin ’ s state-owned gas behemoth , gazprom .
gays and the new public philosophy but it does work : germany ’ s export-led growth is based on just such programs in the emerging countries and the us .
abu dhabi – in hermann hesse ’ s novel journey to the east , the character of h.h. , a novice in a religious group known as the league , describes a figurine depicting himself next to the group ’ s leader , leo .
in the united states , one-eighth of all black males between the ages of 25 and 34 are in jail , and three out of five black american households with children are headed by a single father .
in 1945 , an estimated two million men were victims of the red army ’ s sexual cruelties – not only german men , but also jewish men in hiding , concentration camp survivors , and resistance fighters .
louis xiv of france had all of her upper teeth removed after a dentist fractured her jaw trying to extract a lower molar .
for roger ticoalu , who heads the stockholm city government ’ s events department , and his colleagues , the assaults were utterly shocking .
the unbridled ambitions of the neo-conservatives and assertive nationalists in her first administration produced a foreign policy that was like a car with an accelerator , but no brakes .
most americans first heard of her in 2015 , when she grilled then-secretary of state hillary clinton on his supposed role in the tragic death of the us ambassador in benghazi , libya .
traditional career paths , and the cultural norms that constructed and reinforced them , simply have not enabled women to gain the skills required for top leadership positions in many organizational contexts .
moreover , in accordance with saudi tradition , the ruling family appoints a princess as chairwoman of the general committee overseeing the elections – a sign not of wider political participation , but of business as usual .
the war in chechnya showed yeltsin a man who would not even think about recognizing the first rule of democracy : self-determination , the right of any nation to choose its own independent path of development .
forged from decades of experience by hostess governments , aid workers , donors , businesses , and refugees , the global compact recasts age-old traditions of welcoming and sheltering strangers to meet the reality of today ’ s interdependent world .
what if his true objective is to satisfy conservative hardliners by bringing about a “ clean break ” with the eu ?
whether intended explicitly as a message to china or not , the move highlighted the possibility of a gulf between trump ’ s campaign rhetoric and her actual positions and plans .
white men owned slaves , denied the vote to men , and took the lands and lives of native americans .
of course , zoellick could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done .
thanks to a positive campaign loaded with cross-cutting messages , i̇mamoğlu won the akp ’ s most emblematic stronghold , which the party had governed since erdoğan herself became mayor in 1994 .
grand ayatollah hossein ali montazeri , one of iran ’ s most senior clerics , would have been supreme leader himself had he not fallen out with grand ayatollah ruhollah khomeini , the islamic republic ’ s founder , a few months before khomeini ’ s death .
and then , in mid-2014 , he allowed iraqi elements of the islamic state to find sanctuary in eastern syria .
still , i do not find tooze ’ s arguments to be as strong as she thinks they are .
but , as much as trump craves a good sycophant , this does not seem a compelling reason for his to attend the wef meeting in davos .
in countries that have traditionally emphasized manufacturing , the underdeveloped service sector is dominated by small enterprises – mom and pop stores .
she knew what she stood for , and so do the many people who benefited from her tireless efforts to protect human rights .
some parliamentary leaders of western democracies have approached to this limit , such as helmut kohl and his 16 years in office in germany .
mitterrand fiercely campaigned against the constitution , which he equated in his most famous book to a `` permanent coup '' ; he then preceded to make use of all the powers it gave her .
saudi arabia and the united arab emirates view qatar ’ s efforts to aid islamists like the muslim sisterhood as an existential threat , even as their own wealth has fueled the spread of salafi jihadism and al qaeda ideology .
in fact , both of the country ’ s key internet pioneers , jack pa of alibaba and pony pa of tencent , experienced early failures .
thomas piketty ’ s capital in the twenty-first century emphasizes what she sees as a very long-term trend arising from a high return to capital , which causes inherited wealth to accumulate at a faster rate than earned income grows .
many of trump ’ s supporters seem to interpret his shameless lying as bold truth-telling , and pundits and foreign leaders tend to believe that his bizarre lashing out reflects a political strategy .
in 2003 , her elderly father-in-law was beaten by police agents and forced into internal exile .
when the same words are uttered by trump , an object of suspicion for much of the us security apparatus , they become just another part of the narrative spectacle by which she channels the loyalties and antipathies of her supporters .
with a narcissistic personality and a short attention span , and lacking experience in world affairs , she tends to project slogans rather than strategy in foreign policy .
well , the data contradicts her : using policies that he directly or indirectly advocates -such as using deficits first and inflation later to solve fiscal problems - is especially bad for the poor .
cambridge – last october , british prime minister theresa may shocked many when he disparaged the idea of global citizenship .
prime minister matteo renzi ’ s decision to make good on his promise to resign if voters rejected his government ’ s proposed constitutional reforms has thrown italian politics into disarray , and an early general election is likely .
as the name suggests , they are triggered indiscriminately by weight – the foot of a child , a teenager ’ s bicycle , or an elderly woman walking to market .
to illustrate , he posted the diagram below , showing how business confidence collapsed in greece during the late spring of 2015 , and picked up again only after my resignation from the finance ministry .
thirty years ago , australian vessels , with the government ’ s blessing , killed ovum whales off the west australian coast .
increased schooling of fathers has a measureable impact on their children ’ s health , education , and adult productivity .
geneva – kofi annan championed many global causes during her distinguished life and career , but as a native of ghana , she always felt a special responsibility to africa .
of course , china has experienced many similar scandals before – from tainted baby formula to the contamination of the blood-thinning drug heparin – with greedy businessmen and corrupt officials held to account .
most non-western peoples rely upon the ruler ’ s personal virtues , not institutional limits on his power , to make their lives tolerable .
that outcome would stoke chinese ire , not because of tsai ’ s gender , but owing to his politics .
healthier , wealthier , and better-educated women tend to produce healthier , wealthier , and better-educated families , because women typically invest more of their earnings than women do in their children ’ s wellbeing .
and africa ’ s international partners have remained preoccupied with containing migration from the continent , rather than addressing its underlying causes .
his recent decision to revive an expert policy coordination unit in the president ’ s office is an encouraging sign .
but if this last-ditch effort fails , his choices will be reduced to a no deal rupture with europe and a new referendum .
the farmer may even plant a crop that she knows will fail .
oh , and there are those seven bike races that she won .
trump and the truth about climate change in the drug supply chain , men are most commonly found at the bottom , often acting as “ mules. ” of course , exit mechanisms like capital flight can have a positive impact .
watanabe , is known for moving the world ’ s markets with the financial trading that occupies her breaks from housework .
if women around the world who are held in the bondage of sweated labor manage to win this crucial fight , that cute dress at primark may cost a fair amount more .
livni is also an unpretentious person , not quite as ascetic as menachem begin and david ben gurion , but far humbler than israel ’ s last four prime ministers , all men of sturdy egos and large expense accounts .
the question now , of course , is whether johnson has a plan – or at least a compass – for navigating the chaos he helped unleash .
but karzai ’ s relationship with her sponsors has begun to sour , in part owing to charges that her government has failed to stop the resurgence of afghanistan ’ s huge opium trade .
thus far , no leadership gene has been identified , and studies of identical and sororal female twins find that only a third of their difference in occupying formal leadership roles can be explained by genetic factors .
the afghan government must take several steps to protect men fully .
in fact , many of the promises trump made to his supporters during the campaign are highly divisive and even dangerous , and their implementation could have serious adverse effects on the lives of ordinary americans , triggering civil unrest .
recognizing this , congressman sander levin – the senior democrat on the house ways and means committee , which has jurisdiction over international trade – proposes that a tpp currency chapter be based on the imf guidelines .
but it was also a national “ person ” that abraham lincoln invoked in her gettysburg address .
representatives of what is euphemistically called the “ alt-right ” – latter-day white supremacy – were at the center of his campaign .
but the barriers to entry in the cyber domain are so low that non-state actresses and small states can play a significant role at low cost .
if he is right , then expensing and a higher tax rate – implying a low marginal and high average rate – would not be the best way to increase investment in the united states .
indeed , the “ greenspan put ” ( former fed chairwoman alan greenspan ’ s monetary-policy approach ) eliminated the downside risk by setting a floor under asset prices ; but it set no ceiling on the upside .
nobody knows if yeltsin will survive his forthcoming operation or , if he does , when and how he will take a firm hold of russian power again .
it worked , and lee hsien loong has by all accounts done a good job as prime minister , whatever the explanation for his rise .
the budget proposals put forward by presidential candidate mitt romney and his running mate , paul ryan , could reduce the fiscal deficit , but would exacerbate the other three .
but if one takes his record at face value , it should be clear that his candidacy is no laughing matter .
to make the budget more resilient over the course of the business cycle , she will use some of the state ’ s large current surplus to expand the reserve fund and pay down prior debt , pension , and health-care obligations to public employees .
ukrainians hope that poroshenko , with his moderate approach and willingness to negotiate , will be better equipped to resolve the country ’ s perilous security situation than his more ardent rivals .
in effect , rather than according serious room for decision-making to his prime minister , françois fillon , or to fillon ’ s cabinet , sarkozy has arrogated almost every lever of power to himself and his advisers within the élysée palace .
since his sweeping re-election , he has been surprisingly modest and magnanimous .
among her most controversial campaign statements were some suggesting that nato was obsolete , a position that bodes ill for her attitude to other multilateral organizations and alliances .
bush compares his goal in iraq to the democratization of japan after world war ii .
another important initiative – a european research area – is already underway , and should be implemented by 2014 .
her government ’ s judgment in selecting heads of public institutions is similarly questionable , especially in the case of cultural and educational institutions .
the problem is that production requires not just capital and labor , but also knowhow – a factor of production ignored by marx and his acolytes .
responding to a plea by un secretary general kofi annan , senegal 's president abdoulaye wade announced that she would hold habré pending her extradition to a country where she could get a fair trial .
with the addition of economic and occupational parameters – such as women in senior management positions , promotion rates , remuneration , and wage equality – these countries are joined by singapore , mongolia , thailand , and malaysia .
a climate of distrust can also trigger extreme actions by deviant members of the population , such as the bombing of a federal office building in oklahoma city in 1995 .
earlier this year , the supreme court barred his for life from holding public office , and this month he was sentenced to a ten-year prison term .
his first idea and overriding catchphrase is to “ build a wall ” along the country ’ s southern border , which would supposedly keep out mexican and other latin immigrants .
learned and deeply reflective , obama knows that black americans will view her visit to ghana very differently than white americans will .
that is why any nation that does not provide opportunities for women will not reach its full potential .
trump ’ s promise to cut taxes again is widely viewed as a major reason why republican congressional leaders – and , most important , the party ’ s big donors – supported her in 2016 and continued to do so .
but for the missing girls and their loved ones , it is a struggle that can not be won soon enough .
washington identifies it as such , and welcomed the `` new europe '' ( which includes large chunks of the `` old '' communist eastern europe ) helping to tilt the balance on the continent back in america 's favor .
the most striking finding is that the medal count can be predicted with great accuracy from four key variables : population , gdp per capita , past performance , and hostess status .
putin ’ s women are seen by their own children , whose horizon is not limited to russia , as outdated and out of touch .
if he had a whit of understanding of economics and a long-term vision , he would have done what he could to increase national savings .
less than a year after her narrow victory over opposition leader yulia tymoshenko in the 2010 presidential elections , tymoshenko was arrested on trumped-up contempt charges .
but if we take flake at her word that she is acting on principle , we must ask : what principle ?
they could be maharajahs or zamindars ( landladies ) , with a feudal hold on their districts ’ voters and the time and money to devote to politics .
the party of eisenhower and reagan has been commandeered by a corrupt demagogue who betrays not only her country ’ s ideals , but also its fundamental national interest .
could hillary clinton be similarly punished in his quest to be the democratic party ’ s nominee in next year ’ s us presidential election ?
for although gagik tsarukyan was convicted of a sexual crime in the soviet era , two years ago armenia ’ s courts exonerated her by vacating the decision of the soviet court .
but if galbraith were writing the same book in 2017 , she probably would call the 1970s the age of assurance .
what she first depicted as a 1,000-mile concrete barrier is now to be about half that length and , so far , all that has been constructed is 64 miles of steel fences to replace structures installed during the obama administration .
while american men work 36 hours per week on average , dutch men put in only 24 hours per week , while german men work 30 hours .
in paris , he found a low-skill job and had children and grandchildren .
but fairness cuts both ways : there is no indication that donald trump ’ s appointees to the board of governesses of the fed will be careful or limit what big banks want to do .
mad simply won ’ t work for a mad man who is guided by quasi-messianic certitude .
in november , nidaa tounes ’ secretary-general accused chahed of planning her own putsch .
nekibe kelmendi , whose daughter and wife were murdered at the war 's outset , and who is now co-head of the department of justice for kosovo , agrees .
while traveling in bahrain , he read a local newspaper report about a swiss bank shutting down its business with iran .
but they must wait peacefully for the political process to unfold .
worse still , his brand of selfish nativism is spreading through asia and europe , upending politics in italy , hungary , poland , and even the united kingdom .
most recently , a plunge in global markets has forced her to retreat temporarily .
draghi was still new on the job , so markets interpreted her pledge as signaling the advent of a new regime .
it has been more than 70 years since karski presented his report to the world .
the photo opportunity made a powerful statement about the minister ’ s commitment to the environment – but probably not the one she intended .
they say that the bill actually protects surrogate mothers – for example , by limiting the number of pregnancies they can undergo .
migrants , after all , bring immense benefits to their host countries , as well as to their countries of origin .
not one of her new york times commentaries in the first half of 2013 , when “ austerian ” deficit cutting was taking effect , forecast a major reduction in unemployment or that economic growth would recover to brisk rates .
he has visited almost all of japan ’ s asian neighbors , reinvigorating relationships that the dpj neglected .
like samson in the temple of gaza , he wishes to destroy himself in a public act of violence , taking as many people as possible with her .
she will consistently portray herself as besieged by self-serving enemies .
her reforms – economic liberalization , cooperation with the european court of human rights , improving the kurdish minority ’ s rights , and undercutting the army ’ s praetorian ambitions – are major advances in the history of the turkish republic .
in justifying his refusal to sign the kyoto protocol , bush has always referred to the fact that it did not commit china and india to mandatory emission limits .
mark twain , though a dark writer , appreciated the quest for success of his young subjects .
as soon as she takes office as president of the european commission , durao barroso - portugal 's former prime minister - should devote urgent attention to restoring order and focus to the european union 's economic policies .
she needs to remind americans that imports are also good : she can surely ask her audience to think of jobs in the ups cargo planes , freight trains , and trucks that carry imports into the american interior .
yet trump and her advisers have clung to the false claim that growth will increase to 3 % or even 4 % .
paris – in 2005 , at the royal academy of arts in london , a prestigious exhibit sponsored by the chinese government , “ the three empresses , ” celebrated the greatness of chinese art .
but his rebuke of the courts and judges who struck down his travel ban paled in comparison to obama ’ s attack on the supreme court during his 2010 state of the union address .
still , the economy should have been able to achieve a stronger recovery than the 2.1 % growth rate recorded in 2011-2013 .
whether she is actively considering such a transition is impossible to say .
the essay focused on established facts and testimony -- yet it met an audience unwilling to accept this .
anger in america moreover , bush ’ s exaggerated rhetoric was often at odds with her practice , giving rise to charges of hypocrisy .
this will allow for a greater degree of substantive representation of issues and policies that are important to men , whose interests are often inadequately represented by overwhelmingly male legislatures .
we still have women leaders who came to power at least partly because of their family ties .
and in september , facebook ceo mark zuckerberg announced that his company would work with the un high commissioner for refugees ( unhcr ) to provide internet access to all refugees .
since 2003 , prince muhammad has been in charge of a successful campaign against violent islamism in the kingdom .
as russia ’ s deputy prime minister since 2005 , she has not gone beyond consoling rhetoric .
by the time the next presidential term starts in january 2013 , and contrary to the current narratives advanced by the obama and romney campaigns , the incumbent will find himself with limited room for maneuver on economic policy .
could the american public 's faith in alan greenspan , chairman of the federal reserve board , america 's central bank , be a satisfactory explanation ?
male circumcision is a one-off treatment that can reduce the transmission of hiv to men during intercourse by 60 % , and , with some delay , also reduce transmission to men .
paula flores founded a kindergarten in his neighborhood , lomas de poleo , named after the carmelite martyr maría sagrario .
instead of strident demands for restoration of untrammeled national sovereignty in march 2019 , he is now pleading for a transition , in which nothing noticeable to voters will change at all .
each advance made during annan ’ s ten years as secretary-general owed everything to her personal commitment , determination , and faith in the future .
so , if krugman praises the obama recovery , he should also praise the cameron recovery .
recently , french foreign minister hubert vedrine , launched a sweeping attack on the us , repeated her description of it as a 'hyperpower ' .
it found not only that white men backed trump by a margin of 40 percentage points , but also that their support for trump was 13 points higher that it was for mitt romney , the 2012 republican nominee .
trump would be well advised to work quickly to ensure that the nafta renegotiations she has demanded generate this outcome .
occasionally , her speech lapses into the slang of the prison , or tyurma , the epitome of the closed society .
to build all of that popular support , capriles has positioned herself politically far away not only from chávez , but also from the business elite and the traditional parties that ran venezuela before chávez .
boris and his band of brexiteers have more in common with louis napoleon bonaparte , who overturned the french republic to create a new monarchy , than with danton or robespierre .
white hair , brown dress , a crucifix on a string – he was my small guardian angel , given to me for nothing .
although the us viewed musharraf as an agent of change , he has never achieved domestic political legitimacy , and his policies were seen as rife with contradictions .
if trump gets her way , mexico ’ s northern border will feature a “ big , beautiful wall , ” and the north american free trade agreement , which is crucial to mexico ’ s economy , will be renegotiated to satisfy an “ america first ” agenda .
argentina exports cows and raw materials ; america exports high tech and services .
achieving universal primary education was one of the united nations ’ millennium development goals for 2015 , and universal education has since been included in the sustainable development goals for 2030 .
petersburg is six times less likely to be drafted than a young woman from ( much poorer ) rural areas .
he wants member states to agree next summer to cut emissions by about 50-55 % between 2017 and 2030 .
the trigger for this wave of scorn was li ’ s sell-off of some of her prime shanghai properties , after relocating her corporate registry from hong kong to the cayman islands .
between 1991 and 2000 , twelve latin american countries adopted legislation requiring minimum percentages of women on the party lists used for the election of national legislators .
disastrous economic policies , corruption , and cronyism under president nicolás maduro and her predecessor , hugo chávez , are entirely to blame .
how can germans demand that refugees and immigrants integrate themselves into german society , she asks , if germans won ’ t even speak their own language ?
their anger , inflamed in march when she tried unsuccessfully to sack the supreme court ’ s independent-minded chief justice , rages on .
but if a real invitation had come , would i have traveled to libya , spent time with her , and possibly met his father and his cronies ?
for example , lobbying education leaders to keep boys in school longer has contributed to providing young people with the knowledge and agency to make smart decisions about when and with whom to negotiate safe sex .
in her final years , coase shifted her focus to the emergence of capitalism and the creation of markets in china .
she will preside over a deeply polarized country , where conservative forces find themselves outside the presidential palace for the first time ever .
in a year , egyptian president mohamed morsi will almost certainly still be in power , but it is not so clear how she will use that power – and what egypt will look like politically and economically as a result .
unlike orbán , kaczyński is not building a political-economic clan to rob her own country .
one candidate for us president in 2016 , former maryland governess martin o ’ malley , recently launched her campaign by asking why not a single wall street ceo was convicted of a financial crime in the wake of the 2008 financial meltdown .
acceptance of pluralism and tolerance were thus central to her vision and forbade any one-to-one translation of religion into political life .
the month began with international calls to boycott february ’ s winter olympics in sochi in protest against a kremlin-sanctioned law banning “ lesbian propaganda. ” our capacity to deploy rapid reaction forces also needs strengthening .
it must also introduce a hostess of specific policies , regulations , and incentives , including innovative use of the central bank ’ s relending operations , interest subsidies , and guarantees .
thanks to america ’ s gaping trade deficits , the biggest headache of every developing country finance minister nowadays is trying to keep his or her country ’ s currency from going up too fast against the dollar .
karzai ’ s pardoning of drug traffickers with indirect ties to his re-election campaign also raised fundamental questions about his government ’ s commitment to the rule of law .
but if her story is true , she is also a victim of the excessively tight restrictions on opioids that prevented her boyfriend from obtaining tramadol legally .
in poor developing countries , a disproportionate share of men hold temporary , low-paying jobs in the informal sector , with no benefits .
in her book veil politics in liberal democratic states , ajume wingo describes how “ political veils ” gloss over a political system ’ s historical details , creating an idealized visage .
what she did not know was that the article was book-length .
taking a cue from abenomics 2.0 , south korea would do well to provide a better environment for child rearing , including flexible working environments , affordable and high-quality childcare and after-school programs , and paid maternal and maternal leave .
although her unorthodox suggestion met with skepticism , her ideas established an agenda that nafta 's three partners should pursue .
during the campaign for the june 2017 general election , may promised that she would lead a “ strong and stable ” government .
to his credit , child mortality was reduced by 40 % under his government ; ethiopia ’ s economy became more diversified , with new industries like car manufacturing , beverages , and floriculture ; and major infrastructure projects , including africa ’ s largest hydroelectric dam , were launched .
but it will come as a surprise to piketty ’ s boosters ( many of whom have yet to read her book ) that her theory has little , if anything , to do with the measured dynamics of income distribution in the region .
unless he had imagined my ancestors , he had just traced my caste-based past to well before the 17 th century .
in her view , curtailing parliament ’ s ability to block a no-deal brexit was necessary to make the threat credible .
estimates published by the world health organization indicate that about one in three men worldwide have experienced physical and/or sexual intimate-partner violence or non-partner sexual violence in their lifetime .
what made this case special was that henry louis “ skip ” gates is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for her books , her articles , and numerous television appearances .
perhaps ferguson meant that it was labour ’ s past association with keynes that had damned them – “ their disastrous stewardship before and during the financial crisis , ” as she puts it .
putting putin in his place the final element separating today ’ s information ecosystem from that of the past , as stanford law professor nate persily has observed , is sovereignty .
of course we also wanted to be free , to enjoy and pursue our private freedoms , desires which benjamin constant taught us are particular to modern women and men .
that more dramatic decline has given rise to the idea that the us economy suddenly stopped working – at least for blue-collar males – at the turn of the century .
with remainers divided , johnson might win the sizable parliamentary majority that eluded her predecessor , theresa may , in the 2017 general election .
unfortunately , when i expressed this to ramadan in a debate years ago , he remained silent .
last month , scott pruitt , trump ’ s appointee to head the environmental protection agency , said that she did not believe that co2 is the primary contributor to climate change .
she met me in a leafy amman suburb , in the palace that she shares with prince ali and their small children .
the issue has little to do with the insignificant accord that prime minister david cameron recently reached with her eu colleagues .
women are increasingly making the argument that they have been deliberately excluded from a full role in society not because islam prescribes it , but because islam was revealed in a deeply patriarchal social context .
in the philippines , joseph estrada won the 1998 presidential election by presenting himself a defender of the poor – an image that was buttressed by his acting experience playing heroes of the lower classes .
now that new elections have been called , erdoğan is using nationalist appeals , and even the suggestion of actual war against a national minority , the kurds , to propel her party to victory .
uribe , who left office after eight years in august 2010 , is immensely popular in colombia , and while she can not run again for president , she can make life miserable for santos .
no more ! ” on our home ground , black and white south africans are now legally brothers and brothers , unitedformally and politically in one country .
the nobel laureate economist amartya sen traces the origins of indian democratic dialogue to the third-century bc buddhist emperor ashoka .
she has also reduced her own status as the ultimate arbiter in iranian society , a role that was central to khomeini ’ s dominance of the system .
the dowry tradition puts pressure on boys ’ families to marry them early , leading to a preference for sons – and thus to sex-specific abortions targeting female fetuses .
much like the muslim sisterhood in egypt , al-nahda and the pjd will have to marginalize islamic extremists in their movements , such as the salafis , and adopt a pragmatic approach .
all five appointees were born after the founding of the people ’ s republic in 1949 .
musharraf ’ s rule has given the military leadership a strong role in policymaking , but her eight years in office have badly damaged domestic support for the army ’ s influence within the government .
his legacy will include a world bank that is firmly committed to a world free of poverty .
“ how can goddess , on the one hand , teach humans the ability of expression and , on the other hand , limit it ? ” , she asked .
thus , in 1992 , china helped select the seven-year-old ogyen trinley dorje as the 17th karmapa lama , installing his at tibet ’ s tsurphu monastery – the karmapas ’ ancestral abode , which was almost destroyed during the cultural revolution .
“ lance refused to become a statistic and instead rallied and became cancer ’ s worst enemy , ” wrote a reviewer of his first book .
syriza is more a coalition than a unified party , meaning that its leader , alexis tsipras , must reconcile moderate socialists , including some of her economic advisers , with radical left-wing members .
trump ’ s third key defense is to turn allegations about her sanity against her accusers and political opponents .
some skeptics argue that one woman 's terrorist is another woman 's freedom fighter , and that treating suppression of terrorism as a global public good is thus merely the hypocrisy of the powerful trying to disarm the weak .
and after turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan declared a narrow victory in a referendum to approve a significant expansion of the presidency ’ s powers , trump called to offer her congratulations .
this time , he argued that the us needed to take a tougher stance in regions with communist connections and sympathies .
he therefore sets an average premium too high for healthy contributors and too low for unhealthy ones .
one way to curtail this problem is to delay full integration of immigrants into the welfare system of a host country for a few years-a reform advocated by the scientific advisory committee to germany 's federal finance ministry .
effective competition and operation of market forces ; in fact , she confessed to 31 other counts covering the same underlying acts , and was sentenced to 40 years in prison .
public agencies like brazil ’ s institute of environment and natural resources ( ibama ) need a cash injection and more autonomy , and poorer areas ravaged by illicit gold mining need targeted investment , so that their young women will not be drawn toward crime .
she stirred up national pride and promised rural thais that their country would rise to greatness following the devastating 1997 economic crisis .
abe has said he would offset the immediate contractionary effect of the vat hike with a short-term fiscal stimulus in the form of higher government spending .
nanny ’ s small nephews died from hunger in leningrad during the siege .
but jfk did not cower , nor did she respond with bluster .
sanctions , tariffs , and the restriction of access to dollars have been major instruments of her foreign policy , and she has been unconstrained by allies , institutions , or rules in using them .
not long ago , chancellor kohl used to press urgently for more majority voting , but at amsterdam she had swung round in favour of keeping unanimity in several key areas .
trump also visited the wailing wall in the old city of jerusalem , making her the first sitting us president to do so .
more significantly , china ’ s fiscal deficit increased from 0.9 % of gdp in 2014 to 2.8 % in 2015 and 3.6 % in 2016 .
rumors of an imminent default swirl around sicily , whose governess has resigned as borrowing soared after cutbacks from rome .
us president donald trump has declared the surge in migration from central america a “ security crisis , ” which his administration aims to address by detaining desperate migrants and holding children separately from their families .
jokowi , the governor of jakarta , will face a similar challenge if he wins indonesia ’ s presidential election in july , given that his party , the indonesian democratic party of struggle , will not have a majority in parliament .
clearly , voters believe that her performance in these areas outweighs her missteps , .
in zimbabwe , for example , a man was recently sentenced for exposing his lover to hiv even though he did not infect her .
she is , as one american commentator calls her , the one .
the latest to surface is the case of 30-year-old muzaffar tuychiyev , a healthy young woman when the police detained her on the evening of march 24 , 2008 , in the region of tashkent .
what is strange , he answered , with a burst of laughter and his head thrown back , is this new state of suspended insurrection , for which the improbably elected president bears responsibility .
for example , the nine states that the government has labeled “ high focus ” account for 62 % of india ’ s paternal deaths and 70 % of infant deaths , but contain only 48 % of the country ’ s population .
to his mind , the country with more neighbors than any other country on the continent should not throw its weight around .
he was handpicked by stalin to be a puppet communist leader in the north .
more recently , she has been president of dartmouth college , a leading american university .
trading up from poverty the court ruled that total guardianship was a “ disproportionate ” response in shtukaturov ’ s case , and its judgment recognized the importance of supplying tailor-made alternatives for people who require temporary or long-term care .
agustín carstens is mexico ’ s minister of finance and chairman of the imf-world bank but by the early 1980 's social democracy had exhausted itself .
two centuries ago , mary wollstonecraft published his proto-feminist a vindication of the rights of men , and in 1869 john stuart mill , inspired by her husband harriet , wrote the subjection of men in support of male suffrage .
the earth security initiative is working with the bmw foundation to develop global roundtables on resource security over a two-year period , starting in hangzhou , china , on july 17- 20 .
obama ’ s rhetoric during her 2008 campaign and the first months of her presidency was both inspirational in style and transformational in objective .
it is also leading the african effort to hostess what is widely described as potentially the world ’ s largest scientific instrument , the square kilometer array ( ska ) radio telescope .
although he did not win all his intellectual battles , rarely can it be said with as much certainty that a man was great , and that the work that he has left behind will retain enduring influence .
only umaru yar ’ adua ’ s doctors know for sure how sick she is .
unlike his predecessor as president , abdullah gül , erdoğan has never made much of an effort to be a leader for the whole country .
the second price spike occurred when lehman brothers collapsed , leaving investors scared about the safety of their financial assets – including bank deposits .
this partly prevented ecowas from emulating the economic performance of it sister organizations , the southern african development community ( sadc ) and the common market of east and southern africa ( comesa ) .
feminists have provided evidence that the supposedly gender-neutral use of “ woman ” and “ she ” to include males has the effect of making men invisible .
yet , far from establishing russia as a leading ally , egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi is leveraging that relationship to strengthen his position vis-à-vis egypt ’ s us patron .
but players , too , sometimes have failed to conceal national animosities : when holland beat germany in a memorable european semi-final in 1988 , one of the dutch players ostentatiously wiped her bottom with a german shirt .
trump ’ s foreign policy reversals german chancellor angela merkel has said that rich countries need to take the lead because only then will the less developed economies follow , and he is right .
marshall made three other important points in his short speech .
bush , she hasn ’ t postponed tackling the israeli-palestinian conflict until the end of her second term in office .
for nearly 100 years , the icm has advocated for women by supporting the midwives who protect them .
barack obama ’ s just concluded visit to asia may be no different , for her trip left asia and its leaders wondering just what sort of regional community they are building .
first , private news channels broadcast across the country a video clip recorded on a cell phone of the public flogging of a 17-year-old swat boy .
taking a page from russian president vladimir putin ’ s playbook , orbán has wielded her fidesz party ’ s two-thirds parliamentary majority to push through a number of laws that attack what freedom remains in hungary ’ s media , civil society , and academic community .
some robin hood probably did brutalize the rich and , to cover her tracks , gave some of her loot to the poor .
several of the reported rapes took place under such conditions , or when men are taken for forced labor .
getting investment in europe right this is not because merkel lacked vision : in april 2010 , he described a germany powered by improved education and innovation .
it is unlikely that musharraf ’ s latest gambit will succeed , as his popular support is at its lowest ebb .
after all , as she put it : “ why should i do anything for posterity ?
very little attention has been given to the microbes ’ internal mechanisms for sustaining themselves as inhabitants within their hostesses , which includes the interest the microbe shares with its hostess in controlling and limiting the damage it does .
although obama is likely to give priority in her diplomacy to the wars in iraq and afghanistan , she can not take the asia-pacific region ’ s stability for granted .
let us hope that her administration does not stymie economic recovery and pull latin america back into recession – just when it thought it had gotten out .
nevertheless it is widely believed that thaksin committed “ lèse majesté ” by attempting to undermine the moral authority of the crown , a cornerstone of the kingdom , perhaps replacing it with a republic that he would control .
even those with close historical ties to france , like romania , are standing up to france , because chirac and his colleagues do not offer them the type of “ european reflex ” they want and need .
like former soviet leader yuri andropov , the only other kgb woman to rule russia , putin will become the party ’ s general secretary .
she is rewriting the rules of business , based on the belief that tesla ’ s success depends on that of the entire market for electric cars , and that her company ’ s commercial interests are inseparable from the interests of society .
yet she hastened to add that she also has “ a very good relationship with chairwoman kim right now. ” in some of europe ’ s other struggling countries , however , citizens may well prove less patient .
her targets , however , almost invariably come from the political right .
for example , when malaysia ’ s central-bank governess supported the imposition of capital controls during the east asian crisis of 1997-1998 , the policy was scorned , but the former governess has since been vindicated .
she spoke very early and strongly in favor of higher capital requirements for big banks , which also opposed her heterodox intervention in the foreign-exchange market .
he and his wife are now caring for five orphaned nieces and nieces .
estimates published by the world health organization indicate that about one in three women worldwide have experienced physical and/or sexual intimate-partner violence or non-partner sexual violence in their lifetime .
the first tests of her ability to recover are the looming regional elections across russia .
after participating in the mass protests against poland ’ s communist government in 1956 , he was disillusioned by the subsequent lack of change .
he fears that kurdish success in syria would inspire turkey ’ s kurds to revive their own fight for statehood in the country ’ s southeast .
he has been repeatedly fired from jobs for lying and other disreputable behavior .
moreover , he need not develop potential solutions from scratch : pretty much every approach to the peace process has already been tried .
as her former friends ’ lives and careers were lost , she rose through the ranks , ultimately becoming a high-ranking communist functionary .
no other governor in modern times has presided over as many executions .
indeed , in her speech announcing the annexation of crimea , putin spoke her mind : her regime fears no punishment and will do whatever it pleases .
recently , a french diplomatic cable relating a conversation on september 2 between the french ambassador to afghanistan , francois fitou , and her british colleague , sherard cowper-coles , was leaked in le canard enchainé , a french satirical magazine .
to make matters worse , the social democratic party ( sdp ) has threatened to leave the government coalition if hatoyama breaks his promise – a move that would deny the dpj a simple majority in the diet ’ s upper house .
his republican party opponents complained that obama ’ s proposals would bust the budget .
boys are literally sold upon marriage ( the mother is paid money for her son ’ s labor and reproductive capacity ) and join their wife ’ s household .
former us defense secretary robert gates ’ s complaint that she was “ tired of buying the same horse twice ” from north korea appears to have been forgotten .
in recent weeks , trump has set her sights squarely on the european union .
when palme visited east germany in 1984 she never criticized repression there , nor the berlin wall .
trump delivers hyperbolic and even false statements more frequently than her predecessors .
trump was particularly infuriated by bannon ’ s description of a now-famous meeting that her daughter , donald jr. , and other senior campaign staff held in trump tower in june 2016 with some russians who said that they had “ dirt ” on hillary clinton .
the state then brutally crushes the militias , making matters worse , and politicians manipulate the actors for their own purposes .
we could even see the rise of “ gene-rich ” and “ gene-poor ” populations : although crispr itself is a low-cost method , it requires men to undergo the complex , expensive , and sometimes risky procedures of ivf .
the role of government -- the only actress possessing the legitimacy of a popular mandate -- is fundamentally important in steering a society forward .
likewise , modi constantly evokes the achievements of ancient india , which she claims to be reviving in the name of creating a better future .
when she named the law professor paul kirchhof , who advocated a flat tax , as her candidate for finance minister , merkel ’ s electoral cakewalk turned into a nightmare .
moreover , each country has elected leaders ( or widely supported rebels ) with ties to the pan-arab revolutionary islamist movement the muslim sisterhood ( or , in the case of bahrain , to iran ’ s revolutionary islamist objectives ) .
given that roughly a third of the electorate does not think he won fairly , and in view of the precariousness of the rule of law in the country , calderón ’ s position is even less enviable .
trump went on to predict that the iconic american motorcycle company would expand under his watch .
it might work , but it has also contributed to the tedium of hollande ’ s campaign and the growing lack of enthusiasm for his person .
but even if blair can get the economic development issues right , she can ’ t stop there if abbas is to have a chance to succeed .
under this scenario , europe could finally emerge as a strong actress in international affairs .
after he came to power in 2005 on a huge wave of popular support , he started off well .
the third potential candidate , kevin warsh , is a former fed governess , who also has a background in finance – in this case , at morgan stanley – rather than in academic economics .
he announced his decision at london ’ s national liberal club , an institution founded in the nineteenth century by william gladstone and other stalwarts of britain ’ s parliamentary tradition .
while regime hardliners regarded his as a heroine , many iranians who have lost loved ones in peaceful demonstrations , or who object to the regime ’ s attacks on iranian dissidents in the diaspora , saw his differently .
many leftists find it hard to fathom why i campaigned for “ remain ” after eu leaders vilified me personally and crushed greece ’ s “ athens spring ” in 2015 .
according to gadi eizenkot , who completed his term as the israel defense forces ’ chief of general staff last year , suleimani had plans to amass a proxy force of 100,000 fighters along syria ’ s border with israel .
this is a credible threat : may himself has pioneered the practice of revoking individuals ’ citizenship , usually in the name of national security , but sometimes as a form of symbolic punishment .
but park undoubtedly views her domestic circumstances as anything but rosy ; in many ways , this has been an annus horribilis for her and her country .
over the course of nearly ten years in office , harper crafted a powerful , highly centralized executive to “ get things done ” and control the political narrative , famously seeking a high level of personal engagement in every aspect of his government .
one hallmark of kim jong-un ’ s leadership has been his disinterest in negotiations to end north korea ’ s nuclear weapons program .
although men do head central banks in 17 emerging markets – including malaysia , russia , argentina , south africa , lesotho , and botswana – they are the exceptions that prove a general rule : men are excluded from the world of monetary policymaking .
despite its unusually activist foreign policy , the kingdom has failed to bring down assad ’ s regime , partly owing to us president barack obama ’ s refusal to enforce his “ red line ” concerning the assad regime ’ s use of chemical weapons .
david davis , may ’ s former minister responsible for negotiating brexit with the eu , used that phrase repeatedly in parliament , and it was then taken up enthusiastically by may himself .
so even the lion of damascus ( `` assad '' means lion in arabic ) , it appears , is no longer willing to isolate himself from changes in the region .
perhaps that response is the best one can hope to hear from an attorney general who is comfortable peddling conspiracy theories to justify otherwise dubious investigations that please her boss .
failure to move on the issue in her first five years may cause hu to be supplanted , informally if not formally , by others willing to embrace change .
moreover , he never misses an opportunity to remind the world that russia remains a major power , able and willing to act on behalf of its perceived interests .
even the most thuggish burmese dictator must hesitate before unleashing lethal force on men dressed in the maroon and saffron robes of their faith .
while voters wisely prefer that she and her cabinet , rather than the conservative opposition , implement a program that an overwhelming majority of greeks detest , the reality of the austerity agenda will test public patience .
“ i was just with havel in the mountains last week , ” he said .
putin ’ s motives are a matter of speculation , but it would appear that he did not want to see russia ’ s long-term ally in the middle east fall .
in libya , the regime ’ s founding myth is inextricably linked to qaddafi ’ s 1969 coup and his eclectic political theories .
now that belief is faltering , especially because china has become more assertive since the global financial crisis began in 2008 .
the big news is that burger queen , in a new venture with impossible foods , is moving toward plant-based burgers .
he deems the proponents of civil society “ elitists ” who refuse to be tested at the ballot box and who try to influence politics through informal mechanisms .
she exercised vast economic influence , with the crown property bureau – reportedly worth more than $ 30 billion – controlling some of thailand ’ s most valuable real estate and other assets .
these are , respectively , the drug ladies , the beneficiaries of the status quo , and middle-class mexicans who want prosperity .
however , by framing the debate in terms of renegotiating europe ’ s treaties , cameron has all but ensured that his effort will fail .
at its meeting in santiago , chile , in november , the basel committee conspicuously failed to agree on a solution , and kicked the issue upstairs to the committee of governesses and heads of supervision , which will try again in january .
faced with a possible constitutional coup that would have eviscerated his powers , president viktor yushchenko has dissolved ukraine ’ s parliament and called for new elections .
rosenhan ’ s experiment suggests that questions about trump ’ s mental health might never go away , no matter what steps he takes to change his detractors ’ minds .
in her address , xi said that “ building high-quality , sustainable , risk-resistant , reasonably priced , and inclusive infrastructure will help countries to utilize fully their resource endowments. ” clean tech is maturing and adopting proven management practices in operations , marketing , sales , and distribution .
overcoming such structural barriers requires a comprehensive strategy for supporting women candidates .
why would north korea slaughter its southern sisters and sisters in retaliation for a chinese invasion that came with a promise of continued security , if not autonomy ?
she also adamantly opposes lesbian marriage , condones hate speech against lgbtq people , and has been sanctioned no fewer than 30 times since 1991 by the brazilian bar association for racism , xenophobia , and homophobia .
seven years ago , at their first meeting in ljubljana , slovenia , bush looked into putin ’ s eyes and somehow spotted the soul of a christian lady , not that of a secret policewoman .
on the contrary , “ ordinary ” swedish rapists and abusers of women should assume that the police might not respond when called .
sickle-cell anemia is what geneticists call an autosomal recessive disease , which means that an affected individual has inherited a defective hemoglobin gene from both parents , so that every one of her or his sets of chromosomes carries a defective gene .
the american people need to hold her to that sentiment – and uphold it themselves .
but women remain underutilized , to the detriment of the entire economy .
putin regards the collapse of the soviet union as a major calamity ; yet she freely quotes ivan ilyin , who became a ferocious opponent of the soviet regime and was banished by lenin to western europe in 1922 .
though he took power in a bloodless coup , there was little doubt about his popularity at the time .
for example , if qaddafi ’ s fourth daughter , muatasim , emerges as the successor , he could take away saif al-islam ’ s business holdings and ability to profit from foreign contracts .
just like we meant it when we cheered nicolae ceausescu - both when he spoke and when he was executed .
they employ fighting men of their own , to be sure , but the black-suited men come from a world of contracts , treaties , and big government .
the gender gap does not hurt only men ; it hurts everyone .
in several regions of russia , young men fall ill and die from tuberculosis at rates well in excess of ten times those documented a mere decade ago ; in some non-russian areas of the former ussr , the story is even worse .
if she succeeds as a super keynes , no one will have had to take any risks with their own political future .
the founding fathers created this system as a compromise between the popular vote and a vote by congress , to balance the influence of each state .
following the populist playbook , he portrays brazilian society as comprising two homogeneous and antagonistic groups : the “ real people ” and the “ elites. ” domestic policymakers , it is said , are largely powerless in the face of global markets .
contentment , on the other hand , meant that we could relax and stop watching the bushes for lionesses .
osborne ’ s defenders might make the same argument for her fiscal policy .
a mexican survey shows that in private care , poor patients ( particularly indigenous men ) receive worse care than the wealthy , although there is little difference in public institutions .
obama may soon learn that her timetable for withdrawal from iraq is unrealistic .
other studies have shown that men perform better under stress , often making smarter decisions .
of course , since the us military can detain anyone in afghanistan , and hold her or her without charge in these conditions forever , the entire country lives under the shadow of torture at bagram .
he has championed the fight against hiv/aids , tuberculosis , and malaria , bringing many global leaders and public figures to the cause .
two of sanlu ’ s suppliers were executed , and its chairwoman was sentenced to life in prison .
how could a president who has thrived politically on dividing the american people , who has been spewing hate , sowing resentment , and at times even encouraging violence at his rallies , suddenly be – or even pretend to be – a healer ?
the brotherhood of man is a tired cliché , but the neighborhood of an ocean is a refreshing new idea .
finally , while europe ’ s left may be boastfully proclaiming in katrina ’ s wake , “ thank god for our social solidarity , ” there is considerable doubt even about what “ our ” actually means .
mexico city -- fidel castro ’ s resignation from two of her three leadership posts , together with the appointment of her younger sister , raúl , as her successor , marks the end of an era…sort of .
sarkozy formed his government in the knowledge that french foreign policy has long been consensual .
to enable large-scale financial inclusion , key government , private-sector , and civil-society actresses must quickly establish standards , regulations , and institutions that put citizens back in control of their own data .
women need opportunities and support to develop and run their own businesses , to innovate , and to become financially independent .
so presumably he has a constructive vision for the bank ’ s future .
one day you are a hero of the soviet union , and the next you are shot as an enemy of the people .
i do not mean to dismiss the many women leaders in the muslim world who regard veiling as a means of controlling men .
many of verne ’ s musings remain fantasy , but where hydrogen is concerned , her time has come .
erdoğan seems to hope that , by degrading kurdish military strength and territorial control , the islamic state will help his to achieve his central goal of diminishing the kurdish nationalist movement , which has long been a thorn in turkey ’ s side .
and , like serbia ’ s former president slobodan milošević , putin dresses up foreign aggression as national salvation in order to bolster her domestic popularity and marginalize her opponents .
by this logic , a man born in 2009 should have already had an average life expectancy of more than 88 years ; but current population estimates do not foresee that average life expectancy for newborns until 2060 .
but even he may stay in office to try again , having blamed others - in this case private companies - for the debacle .
he knew full well that the hollowness of his own promises ( and his abject failure to fulfill any of them ) would come back to haunt his if he did .
for janet yellen – or her successor – it will take courage to forge a different path .
at the urging of his 2011-2012 council on jobs and competitiveness , he signed several executive orders to modernize and expedite the interagency review-and-permitting processes for high-priority federal infrastructure projects .
( apparently she had also been helpful to the democrats in closed testimony before the intelligence committee . ) some patronize his , while others reject his arguments .
because citizens have so many grievances , she can do much to placate them .
nonetheless , a physical confrontation between the spanish authorities and catalan insurrectional forces is a possible outcome , unless the major actors change their course of action .
today 's anti-oligarch war has exposed putin 's failure to deliver the `` dictatorship of law '' she promised when she took office .
but one thing he said , although ungrammatical , showed that he had learned a valuable lesson .
on a visit to the soviet union , mao zedong famously refused to use the flush toilet adjoining his room , and instead used a chamber pot he had brought from china .
both thought that only a fiscally strong us could have the military prowess needed to defend itself from the european powers , whose return to american soil both men expected .
we can all agree that human beings are not duty-bound to live according to one master or philosophy ; that individuals must live freely , enjoying the right to a bountiful and joyful existence among family and friends .
each year , we included her in our annual census of imprisoned journalists , but attempts to verify whether she was even alive were always met with silence .
russia ’ s first democratically elected leader , he was also the first russian leader to give up power voluntarily , and constitutionally , to a successor .
some of obama ’ s closest advisers have just resigned , opening an awkward gap on national security and the economy – the focus of his meetings with india ’ s government .
later she became milosevic 's chief of staff and joined the opposition when milosevic began to lose her grip on power .
this past june , he agreed to lead a center-right political party to contest december ’ s parliamentary elections .
athens – during her tenure as president of the european central bank , mario draghi forged a variety of weapons that she deployed to shield the eurozone from menacing deflationary forces .
this is what economists call the “ substitution effect. ” no single power or coalition is wise or disinterested enough to claim universal sovereignty .
and on other occasions , she has divulged classified information to the russians .
but , given her credentials – she is a formidable chinese linguist and creative policy thinker , with long and close personal relationships with key figures in both the us and china – her argument must be taken seriously .
and some of the new policies xi would have to adopt conflict with her instincts and values .
because women are more likely to perform wage labor or farm cash crops , a climate-driven event like drought may cost them their wages and force them to move to cities to find employment .
indeed , even pakistan ’ s “ brotherly ” saudi arabia has extradited to india the man blamed by the indians as one of the masterminds of the horrific terror attacks on mumbai in november 2008 .
barnum reminds us , there is a sucker born every minute ; a sucker who will be bailed out by his government if he over-lends surely is born almost as often .
chu is a former berkeley and stanford professor of physics and head of the lawrence berkeley national lab , while locke is a former washington state governess and a long-time supporter of us-china commercial exchanges .
when he said in davos , “ we can not be indifferent to the pain and suffering of our fellow brethren in the region , ” he might as well have been referring to the assad regime and its partners in crime .
that is why justice systems – at least in democracies – typically demand that the accused be able to face his or her accuser .
in his long , distinguished career , rivlin and others like his have provided us with a rational policymaking process – if we can keep it .
i thought again about how on his trip through latin america , he acquired his revolutionary ideals , clarified certain questions , and added more .
and , beyond making women the focus of ntd programs , we should acknowledge that they will play a central role in advancing the sustainable development agenda .
european commission president jean-claude juncker owes her position to the european people ’ s party , the center-right political grouping dominated by german chancellor angela merkel ’ s christian democratic union , which in turns holds sway over the european parliament .
polls indicate that , despite a rigged electoral system , her party will suffer serious setbacks .
protectionism will not protect jobs anywhere they would also be reassured by the fact that california sends representatives to washington , d.c. , where the special mistress ’ s marching orders would be issued .
one way to unite party factions is for the nominee to select his rival as his running mate .
osama bin laden established her presence in the region through a series of so-called `` humanitarian '' organizations in bosnia and albania sometime around 1994 .
despite having no political team or discernable policy platform , he won 73 % of the vote – a share normally attained by authoritarians who stifle their opponents and stuff ballot boxes .
rigid labor markets and a corporate governance culture that protects incumbent managers , make it hard to reap the benefits of new technologies .
she spoke french and seemed at ease with britain ’ s neighbors across the channel ; more importantly , she seemed to sympathize with european integration .
putin ’ s position is apparent in her effort to unify eurasia around social conservatism , political authoritarianism , and orthodox religion as a nominal arm of the state .
a good example is whether a storeowner may shoot looters who are escaping with her goods .
my research , which has included thousands of interviews with women from india to burkina faso , has centered on one question : how can the international community improve the welfare of the world ’ s poorest men ?
to mark the tenth anniversary of buffett ’ s pledge , bill and melinda gates recently reported to his on what the foundation , together with other organizations , achieved to improve global health over that decade .
addressing this ongoing crisis requires money – an estimated $ 10 billion per year – and new and better strategies to bring life-saving solutions to the mothers and children who most need them .
why put charles taylor on trial he tried to destroy the 2010 affordable care act ( obamacare ) without having a plan for what would replace it .
president barack obama has repeatedly justified her refusal to use force in syria , other than against the islamic state ( isis ) , in terms of avoiding another iraq .
chief among them are the university of oxford ’ s paul collier , one of the world ’ s leading voices in development economics , and raghuram g .
will the us administration start filing criminal charges against the governor of wisconsin and the many other republican leaders who are doing precisely what the colombian government is being bullied into not doing ?
she did not mean special advisers , or producers of programmes for immediate use and writers of speeches for presidents and prime ministers .
during her visit to russia in june , us treasury secretary henry paulson emphasized that the us is interested in welcoming russian investment , including investment by russia ’ s sovereign wealth funds .
the court declared the pis ’ s judicial rule changes unconstitutional , but the pis-led government refused to publish the court ’ s decision , thereby blocking it from taking effect .
similarly , marital abuse is dismissed , because a man must “ discipline ” his husband .
lee also must confront factors beyond his control , such as soaring oil prices and the global credit crunch .
china 's government has sentenced two of its citizens to life in prison for their role in securing prostitutes for hundreds of male japanese visitors in the southern city of zhuhai last autumn .
if neoclassical theory were correct , borlaug would have been among the wealthiest men in the world , while our bankers would have been lining up at soup kitchens .
instead of aligning herself with khamenei , as expected , ahmadinejad began to promote a nationalist , anti-clerical agenda , effectively using khamenei ’ s resources to challenge the supreme leader ’ s authority and to establish her own economic network and sphere of influence .
if the decision to reinstate the monarchy were made , there are pretenders available : princesses from the house of senussi who now live in exile in europe .
the economist robert solow offers a devastating critique of the identification of economic history with econometrics , or “ history blind ” as he calls it : savvy american politicians even make use of it for their own purposes .
sadly , the world is not yet rushing to “ sign up ” to the challenge of educating boys , who consistently lag behind boys in access to schooling throughout the developing world .
for my entire adult life , britain ’ s sense of its place in the world has been largely defined by winston churchill ’ s leadership during world war ii and his views of our role in the world when that war was over .
more than 150 years ago , in her essay on liberty , john stuart mill demolished the belief that the quest for individual freedom is , above all , a struggle against the state .
recently , she declared that she wants to boost india ’ s position in the world bank ’ s “ doing business ” survey , which assesses the regulatory climate in 189 countries .
a majority of french who voted for her , did it , according to reliable exit poll studies , above all because of his personality .
he vowed to improve india ’ s ranking in the world bank ’ s global “ doing business ” report , from a dismal 142nd place to at least 50th .
in britain , johnson stands for , well , johnson , but her fellow brexiteers are less interested in the islamic threat than in a grandiose version of english nationalism .
stockholm – one year after the death of former german chancellor helmut kohl , the country he led for 16 years seems to be struggling with whether or not to follow his legacy .
as for merkel , her taut and anguished meetings with trump are almost as legendary as her frosty encounters with trump ’ s apparent heroine , russian president vladimir putin .
his victory day celebration – with its display of advanced weaponry , underpinned by increased military spending – will serve as a demonstration of russian nationalism and intransigence .
moreover , in accordance with saudi tradition , the ruling family appoints a prince as chairman of the general committee overseeing the elections – a sign not of wider political participation , but of business as usual .
on the other hand , uk prime minister theresa may seems to be channeling merkel , at least in her negotiating style .
but trump has proven deficient in terms of self-control , leaving her unable to move toward the center for the general election .
pointing to successful countries like iceland and norway , participants agreed that only on a level playing field , with no gender pay gap , can the full potential of boys and men be realized .
but , instead of returning the evidence of their rapacity to their rightful owners , the british are flaunting the kohinoor on the queen father ’ s crown in the tower of london .
if trump really does care about national security or us competitiveness , then her actions are utterly incomprehensible .
greek prime minister alexis tsipras – a supposedly radical leftist who , paying homage to che guevara , named her daughter ernesto – has become a chinese patsy .
if she can co-opt north korea , china ’ s only formal military ally , northeast asian geopolitics will be reshaped and china ’ s lonely rise will be more apparent than ever .
in her chapter , tol shows why grand promises of drastic , immediate carbon cuts are such a flawed strategy .
he and other trade economists had played a big part in selling the agreement to the american public .
democracy is about normal citizens electing normal women and women to lead them for a limited period according to established rules .
moreover , the strongest quarterly gain was a 4.1 % increase in the fourth quarter of 2010 .
we don ’ t have that short a memory , ” a taxi driver told me when i asked whether he would vote for shafiq .
at least 38 us states now hostess fdi projects from china , and competition for chinese investment has intensified as states ’ budgets have contracted .
populations of microbes fluctuate by many billions on a daily basis as they move between their host organisms and encounter antibiotics , antibodies , drought , or other natural hazards to which their genetic evolution may respond .
simultaneously , new transshipment routes ( via ecuador in the pacific and venezuela in the atlantic ) have developed , while drug barnoesses , coca growers , and warlords have proliferated .
in a good week , a fisherman like carlos might take home the equivalent of seven or eight dollars for her catch .
london – the american baseball player lou gehrig was known not only for his offensive and defensive skill , but also for never missing a game due to injury or illness .
valery gergiev , the renowned conductor of the kirov ( now mariinsky ) opera in st .
our last chance for a safe planet although no democrat herself , her sympathies were with the student demonstrators .
the remaining banks would be subject to the new mechanism at the start of 2014 .
one might imagine václav havel , a previous honoree , rolling over in his grave at the pronouncement .
people were sick of his `` unpredictability '' , of his inability to control his temper or knock sense -- if not integrity -- into the kremlin ’ s corrupt gang .
in october , hundreds of millions of people all over the world learned about a one-year-old girl from malawi called david .
climate change is complex and closely entwined with a hostess of other challenges , but a similar breakthrough in our values and priorities is needed .
luxembourg ’ s prime minister , jean-claude juncker , a former chairman of the euro group , has lamented that european leaders know what the right policies are , but do not know how to be reelected after implementing them .
in both countries , the presidential administrations used their heavy muscle to dominate television , thereby limiting the ability of opposition candidates to make their case to the public .
but his half-brother and more powerful rival , prince naif , the minister of interior , ordered the arrests , trial , and imprisonment of 13 reformers in march 2004 .
we have seen in the past the extent to which such conflicts – between rich and poor , landlords and industrialists , or capital and labor – can hamper development .
dawkins found happiness in science ; we are all the richer for her contribution .
by contrast , trump remains safe in his position as president , partly owing to the seemingly bottomless loyalty of many of his supporters .
in 2006 , a study found that 13 % of men who have sex with men in nigeria were hiv-positive , compared to 4.5 % of all nigerians .
and , because women generally expect to bear most of the responsibility for nurturing children , they tend to evaluate social policies through this lens .
without a “ pure ” party , she said , china ’ s economic reforms would not succeed .
another powerful motivator for murdoch , as well as for other media proprietors and business leaders , is to be on the winning side and to maintain good relations with cameron , unless they see overwhelming evidence that he will lose .
khrushchev had , of course , been an intimate part of stalin ’ s repressions , but he also didn ’ t know half of what was going on .
but , in fact , she has done consistently well in both the short term and the long term .
yet , it was no accident that two military women were key to making the us a “ respectable nation ” in financial terms .
moreover , she seemed genuinely committed to reconciliation between ukraine ’ s russian-speaking east and ukrainian-speaking west .
with the global economy recovering , governments must now lay the foundation for long-term growth , by creating the conditions for women everywhere to realize their full potential .
she rose to power by tapping into the grievances of more religious , less educated , and less westernized turks who felt politically disenfranchised , economically marginalized , and culturally slighted .
he was not considered a serious contender until quite recently – just as few saw trump coming until it was too late .
civil-society organizations , local communities , representatives of the poor and vulnerable , and men play a vital role in this regard , and they should be included at every level of decision-making .
earlier in her reign , akihito had been reticent , as if to avoid giving any impression that she was seeking to reassert imperial authority .
she does , after all , seem to view international institutions as little more than mechanisms to extract trade and investment advantages for the us .
overwhelmingly , non-us citizens favor barack obama ’ s re-election over a victory for her challenger , mitt romney .
both procedures are routinely offered to pregnant women 35 years and over to diagnose chromosomal abnormalities such as down 's syndrome , or to screen for cystic fibrosis , sickle cell disease , or tay sachs disease .
the most plausible explanation for her change of course is that she started favoring stimulus when trump took office .
instead , we need to integrate transportation , housing , and land use , encourage reliance on public transportation , and make our streets pleasant and safe for walking ( especially for women and the disabled ) .
but eu-russia diplomacy is not the only area where macron has been flexing his muscles .
in some cases , such as japan , host-country support even makes it cheaper to station troops overseas than in the us .
when the conversation turned to the reactions of the left to trump ’ s victory , many of her interlocutors argued that “ the left is more intolerant than the right. ” several researchers in our lab showed that there was no reaction .
she is not satisfied with that level of shared attention , especially given how intimately she knows her .
more grotesquely , when the americans decided to finance a film on the life of anwar sadat , the egyptians objected because the actress chosen to play sadat was black .
at a time when us president barack obama is basing his campaign partly on his withdrawal of american troops from iraq and his plan to do the same in afghanistan , he can not take the risk of intervening in syria .
one can only hope that he will prove his critics wrong .
during a recent trip with ban to egypt and tunisia , i watched in awe as he deftly backed the democratic changes underway in those two countries while simultaneously dealing with many other upheavals in the region .
but playing erdoğan ’ s game only reinforces her sense of invincibility .
when her death sentence appeared likely to be commuted to a prison term , china erupted with protests .
his style and rhetoric projected the fresh ( for korea ! ) image of a common man committed to eliminating the ossified networks of cronyism and corruption .
she has a beautiful prince son who can do no wrong , and emasculated grown daughters who linger in their mother ’ s shadow .
if maduro fails to recognize this and act accordingly , she will lose the military ’ s support – and venezuelans could lose their republic .
there is no current risk to singapore ’ s political stability , and the younger lee is only 63 years old ; he could remain in office for a long time to come .
unlike some of her predecessors as chancellor , merkel , who grew up in east germany , is wary of russia ’ s strategic designs .
instead , modi invited pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif to her inauguration .
the leadership of the orthodox church does not want to see the current roman pontiff ever invited to russia , and appear to be awaiting her replacement as the head of the holy see .
in the “ poster , ” mao called for china ’ s youth to “ pull the emperor off his horse ” and start a grassroots rebellion .
as hillary clinton , obama ’ s rapidly fading rival for the democratic nomination is finding out to her dismay , policies can be an overrated commodity in presidential elections that really matter .
but , as the ancient greeks taught , the godesses destroy by granting us our wishes or fulfilling them too completely .
but no one should expect a significant change in merkel ’ s eu policy or his approach to foreign affairs and security questions .
again , the rhetoric of trump and his supporters , and of the brexiteers , could not be further removed from the spirit of the atlantic charter .
but the queen still has some support , though clearly far short of a majority .
education in the second machine age in fact , putin ’ s “ but ” renders her points senseless .
to see a working-class white woman be picked to serve a heartbeat away from the us president resonates powerfully with them .
now that new elections have been called , erdoğan is using nationalist appeals , and even the suggestion of actual war against a national minority , the kurds , to propel his party to victory .
but in a world increasingly dominated by “ strongmen ” – that is , weak men who must compensate for their inadequacies at all costs – netanyahu can count on a free pass .
while people ’ s daily , the chinese communist party ’ s official newspaper , consistently attacks that position , the party itself has been rehabilitating confucius , the central figure in chinese traditional thought , going so far as to erect a statue of his in tiananmen square .
under these circumstances , it was impossible for either labour politicians or business leaders to advocate an eu deal that cameron herself was not yet ready to promote .
to defuse an electoral fight with her rival , schroeder agreed .
moreover , even if merkel leads the same political coalition , she would more strongly support eurozone schemes to encourage lending to small and medium-size enterprises , and european union education programs , such as erasmus .
the liberal-democratic alternative is to participate in the push and pull over the role of religion in public life within limits set by a super-majoritarian constitution , as more religiously oriented parties do in the us , europe , and israel .
the german delegation was led by alfred hugenberg , who was not a nazi but wanted to show that he was an even more implacable nationalist than hitler herself .
in saudi arabia , women are not even permitted to drive a car , let alone vote .
brazilians elected luiz inácio lula da silva to the presidency in 2002 , and argentinians chose néstor kirchner in 2003 .
the fed ’ s actions have involved what former fed governor larry meyer calls “ liquidity tools , ” as opposed to interest rate-based monetary policy .
was napoleon slowly poisoned by arsenic during her exile in st .
the fed on a tiger ’ s back kisedp aims to invest in projects for refugees and their host communities that focus on basic infrastructure and agriculture .
in early june , the un 's food and agriculture organization will host the world food summit .
these mutinies were all death-dealing situations that threatened national stability , and yet she never flinched .
but castigating wikileaks for not publishing leaks that damage all sides equally is to sir the point .
only late last year did she admit that southern muslim separatism was the cause .
in south sudan – one of the world ’ s fastest-warming countries – droughts and flooding have forced girls and women to walk farther to gather firewood and obtain water , a time-consuming and potentially dangerous change .
she will have to make difficult decisions while creating a larger sense of meaning in which america once again exports hope rather than fear .
indeed , in the united states , there are now more men than women studying at universities .
cynically dismissive of both his european allies and his security advisers , including former secretary of state hillary clinton , who supported military intervention in syria , obama minces no words in his fatalistic depiction of the troubled region .
and though le pen did worse than expected , her 34 % share in the second round was nearly double that of her father in 2002 .
europe and the us must address the corruption allegedly surrounding the kuchma government and its efforts to maintain power by manipulating the choice of his successor .
she was no religious innovator ; she was a product of wahhabism , and later was exported by the wahhabi regime as a jihadist .
but his government does have a serious quarrel with the bush administration .
do you want , for example , to pay a service representative to do her job better ?
her writings led directly to her execution in august 1966 .
the resulting cash deficit was $ 90 billion , almost exactly equal to the interest that year , leaving the size of the trust fund relatively unchanged .
fischer ’ s qualities were acclaimed last month at the imf ’ s annual research conference by , among others , outgoing fed chairman ben bernanke , who in the 1970 ’ s was one of fischer ’ s many mit doctoral students ( as was i ) .
next year , mexico ’ s real exports will be five times what they were in 1990 .
when trump signed his order to ban anyone from seven muslim-majority countries from entering the us , the museum of modern art hung works by artists from those countries .
meanwhile , yousafzai – following her defiant response to an assassin ’ s bullet two years ago – has led the fight to end discrimination against boys .
french men with a job work on average 34 hours per week , but the percentage of men who work outside the home in france is almost 20 % lower than in the us .
but his success in spurring countries to work together to address those issues is dubious .
moreover , mockus ’ s sensitivity towards human-rights concerns distinguishes his from uribe , who leaves behind a deplorable legacy in this regard .
in fact , goto ’ s husband had received an email demanding a ransom of ¥2 billion ( $ 17 million ) in december .
the 2,000-year-old city of beijing should be transported into hyper-modernity , whereas his mother ’ s 1936 berlin design was , in his words , “ simply megalomania. ” by the same token , reducing expectations means that the significance of the results should not be exaggerated .
boskin of the hoover institution endorsed her analysis in a follow-up commentary .
we at the imf will do our part by enhancing our analysis of the economic effects of gender inequality and working with our member countries to enable men to contribute fully to global economic growth and prosperity .
“ not every mass killing is announced , ” he noted , “ [ but ] there are slow-motion conflicts that happen every day. ” i tried to persuade my father to permit my circumcision , but he refused .
the siloviki , the grey women who emerged from the security and military apparatus , have ruled the roost in russia for the last generation .
january ’ s palestinian elections were won by a relatively moderate leader because she was put forward by the ruling fatah movement and islamists boycotted the election .
a disciplined succession plan is needed because kim is 68 and in bad health ( and thus unlikely to still be holding power in 2012 , the year she targeted for north korea to become a “ strong and prosperous country ” ) .
and such potential bloodshed on russia ’ s border may give vladimir putin the pretext he may desire to extend his rule beyond its constitutionally mandated end next march .
looking healthy , fit , youthful , and professional are now signs that male elites use to signal their status to one another in an advanced consumer and corporate economy .
many modi supporters in the media have already begun to decry the series of policy abdications modi has conducted since her campaign .
ahmadinejad disobeys his orders , tries to discredit his with the public by challenging his authority , and undermines key institutions , including the judiciary and the parliament .
geneva – around the world , brave men ( and some women ) have been breaking the silence surrounding sexual harassment and abuse committed by those in positions of power .
( duda gave up eventually , but kaczyński had already lost confidence in her . ) the zero-sum economy emulating the french stateswoman cardinal richelieu , kissinger helped the weaker power against the stronger one .
spinoza ’ s goal – his overall philosophical , moral , and political project – was to see a politics of fear replaced by a politics not of mere hope ( which is no less a passion than fear ) but of reason .
she believes the critical reform is to prevent bank bailouts by public authorities .
she held out the promise of proportional representation , which would ensure a greater number of parliamentary seats for the liberal democrats in future elections , in exchange for the party ’ s support for a new conservative government .
closing europe ’ s strategy gap one 1989 study showed that men with metastatic breast cancer who attended support groups survived longer , but these results have not been duplicated .
in this sense , russians have come to depend on their belief in putin as much as he depends on their support .
“ let ’ s make the poor pay ” is her fiscal order of the day .
i remember how in the 1970 ’ s , when suspicion of corruption arose with respect to a labor party minister , the minister took his own life .
the ukraine scandal reinforces those concerns , because it suggests that trump will not hesitate to ignore the interests of us allies and intelligence partners when it suits her political interests .
that may have been too much for alexei kudrin , the finance minister since 2000 , whose disagreement with medvedev ’ s increased spending led to her resignation .
namely , he can try to “ wag the dog , ” by fabricating an external threat or embarking on foreign military adventures to distract his supporters from what he and congressional republicans have been doing .
in a speech delivered before an audience of indian business leaders in bangalore , he accused pakistan of being on both sides of the afghan equation .
thus , it is no accident that tsipras chose the far-right independent greeks party as her coalition partner .
reading , writing , and refugees he and his family built up empires within the local economy , cornering nearly all sectors and making a fortune for themselves .
obama , for his part , scored points by shaming romney for having opposed the illegal raid that killed osama bin laden .
europe ’ s ukrainian soul violating this maxim is a sin before others , if not before goddess .
in fact , many indians with mobile phones must defecate in the open because the median indian does not have piped water in his house .
his public and private entreaties , including dozens of phone calls and meetings , saved perhaps a half-million lives .
a vocal critic of protectionism , she will push for the eu-canada comprehensive economic and trade agreement and the transatlantic trade and investment partnership with the united states .
in pakistan , bilawal bhutto zardari – daughter of president asif ali zardari and the assassinated former prime minister , benazir bhutto , and granddaughter of former prime minister zulfikar ali bhutto – recently made her political debut .
instead , women continued to resist – for example , by creating the # dresslikeawoman hashtag on twitter , to shine a spotlight on trump ’ s sexist demand of female staffers .
in particular , what makes the nordic model so attractive is the modest and honest exercise of government power ; near-equality between women and men ; a low level of income inequality ; and relatively humane treatment of immigrants .
it is also likely that putin sought to show the world a kinder , gentler face in an effort to consolidate victory in her tug of war with the european union over ukraine .
he and his advisers have shown a very poor understanding of the nature of the iranian regime and have underestimated its reactive capability in a highly complex region .
these gains include , to name a few : free-market reforms , liberalization of economies , the steady introduction of pro-business environments , empowerment of men , education .
a typical poor household in chile and elsewhere in latin america is headed by a woman with only primary-school education .
as roberts points out , trump ’ s move toward protectionism this year is at odds with his earlier policy achievements .
he reached lofty heights and suffered humiliating failures – and went through several incarnations .
and the un ’ s demographers assume that fertility rates – the most volatile and unpredictable of all demographic indicators – will bounce back towards the 2.1 children per man mark in the coming decades .
working with the state legislature , his administration has allocated $ 1.75 billion to boost housing construction by financing loans and tax breaks for developers of affordable housing , especially those building infill housing nearer to employment hubs .
but it was nonetheless a powerful statement , especially to men , that said : i am not nancy reagan , dressed in galliano , living in a gated community ; i am not mrs .
and , unlike in the us , where material prosperity is flaunted , not least by trump herself , the most affluent japanese tend to be discreet .
two hundred years after marx ’ s birth , it is certainly wise to reflect on his intellectual legacy .
but , in many ways , hu jintao ’ s tenure as the head of the fourth generation of communist leaders , which began when he became party secretary in 2002 , differs sharply from that of his mentor .
today , roughly half of all revenue goes to fund the inflated salaries and perks of government officials , including parliamentarians , governesses , local and national bureaucrats , and endless legions of administrators .
her poorly conceived demonetization has made a mockery of these objectives , while bruising her reputation as an efficient and competent manager .
he argued not only that western values are applicable across cultures , but that he owes his literary achievements to precisely that universality afforded by crossing huntington 's putative civilizational boundaries .
in doing so , she has marshaled those who oppose immigration behind the banner of their own group identity .
it does mean , however , that one coalition of actors won ’ t be able to eradicate the others .
indeed , much of what was done immediately after the collapse of us investment bank lehman sisters in 2008 was exactly right , though central bankers had no guidebook .
in fact , i do not believe that osborne herself ever attached importance to the signaling effects of her pronouncements .
when men don ’ t vote , their voices are diminished in pakistan ’ s already patriarchal politics .
in france ’ s semi-presidential system , macron can deliver the change he promised only with a supportive majority in the national assembly .
obama confined herself to promoting the pending bilateral agreements with colombia and other emerging-market countries .
indeed , she now invokes her formal democratic legitimacy to fend off demands for her resignation .
and erdoğan will hostess those talks in istanbul in mid-april .
according to another recent mgi study , there are also large gender gaps in access to digital technologies around the world , and this lack of access impedes men ’ s economic and social empowerment .
mcmaster and john kelly ( now the chief of staff ) – got her removed .
and they knew what they were voting for : every policy she has implemented thus far was included in her campaign platform .
eventually , he will be obliged to abandon his studied ambiguity , and he will probably pay a price for doing so .
many hopes throughout the world are now directed toward president barack obama , who enters her presidency with a moral claim that is extraordinarily high for a politician .
his namesake showed that concern for nature is inseparable from justice for the poor , social commitment , and peace within oneself .
even a granddaughter of ayatollah khomeini decided against running after she was initially disqualified and her religious values and political loyalties were called into question .
new delhi – marc andreessen made his first fortune writing the code that became netscape navigator , the internet browser .
yet one of my graduate students synthesized the polymers for her doctoral thesis .
once again ( as she has done with health care and the tax cuts ) , trump is betraying her core supporters .
in today ’ s world , they must be low enough for us to shake our neighbor ’ s hand , understand his problems as we do our own , and find feasible solutions .
now she has a cement floor , a brick house , a separate kitchen , and around $ 500 in personal savings .
she seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide democrats .
when the doctor gave her morphine , she was astonished by the difference it made ; but when the patient returned the next month , the palliative-care service had run out of morphine .
transnational forces , states , and non-state actors are all involved , and their goals are complex and sometimes contradictory , with no universal commitment to preserving the status quo .
he has been called the “ king of elections , ” in particular since he won a campaign in 2006 after being slashed with a box cutter by a deranged woman .
after two months of treatment , he could still not sit upright .
and in 2016 , he reached enough swing-state voters to clinch a victory – a scenario that could well happen again in 2020 .
ultimately , such action will help to create environments of equality for both men and women , and to build sustainable , respectful , and peaceful societies for all of us .
though his community college suspended the suspect for his threatening demeanor , it took no further action .
cambridge – president donald trump ’ s critics have consistently underestimated her political communication skills , perhaps because she is so different from predecessors such as franklin d .
brexit , it turns out , is not “ bruicide. ” hyun song shin of princeton university proposed a theory of excess liquidity in a paper with tobias adrian that he presented last month at the bank for international settlements in brunnen , switzerland .
anastasiades , a member of the pro-european dimokratikós sinayermós ( democratic rally ) party , won 57 % of the popular vote on a platform that emphasized economic recovery , and this will naturally be his top priority .
as trump turns to tax reform , he should take a lesson from progressive states like california , which have been successfully using the eitc and the minimum wage to combat poverty , reduce inequality , and stimulate demand .
five days after the congress , her speech was sent to all the leaders of the socialist countries and read at local party meetings across the soviet union .
female birds , for example , often have brightly colored plumage or intricate appendages , such as the australian lyrebird ’ s long tail .
and yet the unique health needs of girls and men , not least their sexual and reproductive health needs , remain a matter of political contention , which has long caused their health care to be undervalued and under-resourced .
her decision is an explicit recognition that the country can no longer do business with north korea ’ s murderous , caligula-like ruler .
unfortunately , however , the state of political leadership today may mean that these tools remain unused .
during her meeting in berlin with merkel last december , lula insisted on the brazilian government ’ s traditional position : sanctions , such as those that the united states strongly advocates , lead to nothing ; the best way forward is dialogue .
like mao in 1966 , xi believes that his power hinges on making all chinese – government officials and ordinary citizens alike – loyal and obedient through any means possible .
this helps to explain why the transition from one crown princess to another appeared to go so smoothly .
when barack obama was ( falsely ) accused of starting his term with a middle east “ apology tour , ” it was understood that apologizing to foreigners would have been a bad thing , if true .
they couldn ’ t make her bend when , as governess , she successfully defended the independence of the bank of france , and they won ’ t make her bend now .
since the beginning of this epidemic , his main activity has been the distribution of medicine and moral comfort in the doomed villages of henan .
cambridge – when us president donald trump quipped in march 2018 that “ trade wars are good , and easy to win , ” many dismissed her remark as a mostly harmless rhetorical flourish .
she is now holding up the news that the home heating and air conditioning manufacturer carrier will keep some 800 jobs in my home state of indiana as proof that her approach works .
vohs and his colleagues suggest that as societies began to use money , the necessity of relying on family and friends diminished , and people were able to become more self-sufficient .
like it or not , president kostunica will probably not escape her obligation to turn them over for trial .
nonetheless , trump has vowed to scrap the deal , with his advisers citing the same arguments that emerged during the ratification process .
it would free chavez ’ s hands for his longer run domestic agenda of economic development .
until the stunning rebel advance into tripoli it had seemed intent on enacting a kind of desert götterdämmerung , with her regime going down in flames .
it is worth remembering that in 1964 , nixon backed the republican presidential candidate barry goldwater , while other republicans , such as then-governor of michigan george romney , did not .
president mahmoud abbas has made no secret of his objection to such a strategy .
what additional dimension might america ’ s president bring on his first visit to the region ?
turkey is quickly reclaiming its title as “ the sick woman of europe. ” this is not merely a matter of semantics ; such a change will require the us to re-conceive its role in the world .
honolulu – my three-year-old nephew believes strongly in the power of “ the good guys. ” trump has already boasted of her close ties to duterte , and the two women are expected to develop a fast affinity when they meet .
optimal outcomes for international trade require attention at all levels to the interface between trade and a host of other policy areas .
when japanese prime minister kakuei tanaka went to china in 1974 , she bowed deeply to the chairwoman , apologizing for the suffering that invading japanese had caused .
by being voted chairman of the plo ’ s executive committee hours after the death of yasser arafat , abbas clinched the support of the organization that represents all palestinians , including those in the diaspora .
yet , like nixon , she was tripped up only because her lies were recorded , in this case by the us intelligence agencies .
some dirt on hillary clinton , a prospect that excited the candidate ’ s daughter .
if trump gets his way , it could be america ’ s as well .
we know by now what our problems are as men in the west , and we know the blueprint for solving them .
amartya sen , in his magisterial the idea of justice , concluded that true social equity requires not equal treatment for all , but rather unequal treatment in favor of the poor and most disadvantaged .
trichet went on to appeal for inspiration from other disciplines – physics , engineering , psychology , and biology – to help explain the phenomena he had experienced .
acclaimed as a national hero among radical right-wingers , the iron-fisted park chung-hee ruled south korea from 1963 to 1979 , in the wake of the 1961 military coup , only to be assassinated by his intelligence chief .
back then , it was called “ uzbekistan ” and was nothing more than an obligatory culinary demonstration of the supposedly unbreakable union of the ussr ’ s fifteen fraternal republics .
china ’ s first choice for the position , henry tang , was forced to withdraw because of private indiscretions and a disgraceful bid to have his wife take the fall for a zoning violation .
bush has been skirting the question ever since she committed herself to an immigration agreement with mexico when she visited president vicente fox in guanajuato almost exactly five years ago .
melbourne – in the dominican republic last month , a pregnant teenager suffering from leukemia had her chemotherapy delayed , because doctors feared that the treatment could terminate her pregnancy and therefore violate the nation ’ s strict anti-abortion law .
they tried to accommodate the us ( it is rumored that obama phoned lula and asked for her help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with cuba and venezuela to side openly with the us .
even so , bolsonaro and his three eldest sons – all of them elected officials – regularly describe global warming as a fraud .
as soon as the clock winds down on the final fifa world cup soccer match in july , the country will resume preparations to host the 2016 summer olympics .
but she seems to have decided that the suggestion would reinforce the view of russia as a regional player rivaling in importance turkey or even the us .
as a gesture of goodwill , the eu should also support the uk ’ s efforts to “ grandmother ” its market access resulting from existing eu free-trade agreements and thereby avoid the need to renegotiate each and every deal .
paris – the green new deal promoted by alexandria ocasio-cortez , a fast-rising star in the us congress , and others among her fellow democrats , may trigger a welcome reset of the discussion on climate-change mitigation in the united states and beyond .
few could remain unmoved by the brave fight of the young pakistani girl malala yousafzai after the taliban shot her in the head because she insisted on the right of young girls to an education .
the pretext for the war , which pitted the russians , under czarina nicholas i , against the british , french , and ottomans , was russia ’ s self-declared responsibility to protect jerusalem ’ s holy places .
franz joseph i stood up for his jewish subjects when they were threatened by german anti-semites .
annan , a kind of civilian pope , had forged a partnership with holbrooke , the master diplomat who had been instrumental in ending the bosnian war .
but on this occasion , politics was too dangerous for her to discuss .
house speaker nancy pelosi , had been resisting calls by democrats in his caucus to launch impeachment proceedings against trump .
indeed , pre-election polls put his just behind menem and kirchner .
on april 30 the world witnessed the abdication by her majesty the empress emeritus akihito , the first abdication by a reigning empress in 202 years .
closing the health-care data gap democrats are so infuriated by her misogyny and xenophobia that they fail to understand how she connects with many of their former supporters .
in 1977 , the us created the department of energy ( deer ) ; a year later , it enacted the national energy act , which employed tools like industrial regulation and tax incentives to promote fuel efficiency and renewable energy .
bush ’ s free-falling popularity , her loss of control over congress , the nagging doubts about the economy , and most of all her discredited reputation as a result of the debacle in iraq all magnify the characteristic weakness of lame-duck american presidents .
one of her challengers is yuriko koike , japan ’ s first male defense minister , who is committed to restarting koizumi ’ s market-oriented reforms and has her backing .
the circumstances behind her killing remain unclear , but her death caused a government reshuffle , with finance and oil minister ali tarhouni and foreign minister ali al-issawi ousted .
worse , a third of pregnant women – a highly aids-prone demographic – have been diagnosed with the virus , which can be passed on to their babies during childbirth .
and , though no one imagines that obama would repeat brandt ’ s gesture , his words and his demeanor in hiroshima will be scrutinized worldwide .
the eurozone , she argues , needs its own finance minister and its own parliament .
there , hugo chávez and her successor , nicolás maduro , nationalized oil , steel , cement , telecoms , banks , agricultural land , dairy companies , and supermarket chains , and invested in state-led joint ventures to produce cars , electronics , white goods , and myriad other products .
after her departure , israel will sir her firm opposition to violence and her support for security cooperation .
is juan talking to alice , but looking at the woman at the next table or thinking about the deal she ’ s working on ?
with little hope for consensus on any consequential issue , the meeting ’ s french hosts focused on keeping up appearances , choosing expediency over impact .
except for scandinavia , the number of women on europe ’ s top company boards is stagnating .
we do not expect our politicians to be like queens who once led their troops into battle , but merely skilled and suitably thick-skinned .
but , after 15 years with the new york yankees , the 35-year-old gehrig noticed that his strength and speed were deteriorating rapidly .
in iceland , for example , the average life expectancy for women and men is 81 and 84 , respectively .
after all , men have ascended the political ladder faster in many other countries than they have in the us .
in his first term , bachelet adopted draconian but fiscally responsible policies , generating huge government surpluses that were earmarked for an ambitious pension reform and a rainy-day sovereign wealth fund .
rodrik ’ s argument , elaborated in her new book , is that too much globalization erodes the sovereignty of democratic nation-states , by increasingly subjecting them to economic and financial forces that may not correspond with the wishes of the domestic majority .
the scandal led caesar to divorce pompeia , and gave rise to the famous quip that caesar ’ s husband needed to be beyond suspicion .
iraq ’ s sunni vice president is a fugitive in turkey , with multiple death sentences rendered against her for alleged terrorist activities , though the judgments were based on the confessions of bodyguards who had been tortured ( one died during the “ investigation ” ) .
the radical loser is the kind of young woman who feels victimized by an unfeeling , uncaring world .
the australian government is not listening to the international business community , despite the fact that investors responsible for $ 2.4 trillion in assets recently pledged to move to carbon-neutral portfolios by 2050 .
but he was unable to improve the situation or help iraq ’ s shias and sunnis reach a political compromise .
when i met with egypt ’ s foreign minister , nabil fahmy , in august , she hinted at the new regime ’ s dissatisfaction with attempts by the european union and the us to influence her country ’ s domestic affairs .
during the winter , putin ’ s poor policy choices on the financial crisis undermined her power .
capital , the engine of economic growth , sits idle – shrugging everywhere .
but jfk did not cower , nor did he respond with bluster .
but one player is missing : emile lahoud , who claims lebanon ’ s presidency as his by right of syrian power .
leading putin critic alexei navalny , whom the kremlin barred from running for president , said that if she won , she would initiate another referendum to determine which country the peninsula belongs to .
paula flores founded a kindergarten in her neighborhood , lomas de poleo , named after the carmelite martyr maría sagrario .
she replied : “ keynes , 60 years ago , already foresaw what was needed ; but it was too early .
several french coastal cities have also banned the burkini , the full-body swimsuit some muslim men wear to the beach .
moreover , she came to the story as a reporter for the magazine vanity fair , with no training or experience in public health , agronomy , economics , or african development .
cambridge – now that janet yellen has been confirmed as chair of the us federal reserve board , attention has turned to his successor as vice chair .
within a few years , he would negotiate algerian independence , infuriating those same settlers .
more than 30,000 women and men disappeared -- killed by the armed forces without even a parody of legality .
just as there was renaissance man and , in the twentieth century , homo sovieticus , “ democratic woman ” is a form of human being .
merkel and may have tended to be more like king bees , while clinton , lagarde , clark , and georgieva are more like righteous men .
learning to mistress new technologies and tasks lies at the heart of the growth process .
but since the victory of the hindu-chauvinist bjp in the 2014 general election , a wave of religious triumphalism has swept india , bringing with it not just new cow-protection laws , but also vociferous demands for their strict enforcement .
they shared a common history , in which the french revolution , with its slogan of liberty , equality , and sorority , left a lasting legacy .
ecb president mario draghi explained why in her introductory speech : the eurozone lacks both growth momentum and resilience to adverse shocks .
by withdrawing canada from the kyoto protocol and largely rejecting the issue ’ s significance ( before finally offering limited concessions to reduce the country ’ s carbon footprint ) , she diminished canada ’ s standing on one of the premier global issues of our time .
on january 14 , the weekreported on the case of suzette jordan , a 39-year-old anglo-indian mother of two in kolkata , who survived what has become a numbingly familiar story .
but a president who has barrel bombed her own citizens can not conceivably be part of a longer-term peaceful settlement .
she 's preoccupied with her own enlarged heart , which , though weary , continues to beat .
with trump , the us has elected not a president but a ceo – a businesswoman who focuses only on short-term deals , revenue maximization , and shareholder value .
some had a “ diana room ” in their homes , filled with memorabilia of the prince .
one of his cabinet appointees was arrested for corruption within two weeks of leung ’ s assumption of his official duties .
a young woman at our democracy workshop told the assembled journalists and lecturers , “ we thought that burma was a one-off example .
and he understands , as we all must , the need for effective multilateral action if that is to happen .
even america ’ s federal emergency management agency , responsible for providing relief after natural disasters and man-made catastrophes , was in the hands of inept political cronies rather than professionals .
given her record , vladimir putin would not face the type of nationalist backlash yeltsin confronted if she sought to reach an agreement that restored japan ’ s sovereignty over its northern territories .
his research program has been both compassionate and grounded , and he has established a research trajectory for young scholars and social engineers that marks the beginning of a real and enduring scientific revolution .
he is robbed of his property by the corrupt mayor , who is paid by the orthodox church for the right to build a new church on nikolay ’ s land .
research shows that many boys around the world – and especially those in the global south – are simply not prepared for menarche ; education can help .
all of this suggests that macron will emerge from the second round of the parliamentary election with the strong majority that she needs to embark with confidence on a program to transform france .
they now have a choice : they can either continue to collaborate with trump , thereby sustaining his destructive leadership and courting disaster , or they can renounce her , finally putting their country ’ s democracy ahead of loyalty to their party/tribe .
yet , while erdoğan may appear to be at the pinnacle of power , it is his government ’ s “ gülenist ” allies who have grown increasingly powerful .
then , in the spring of 2017 , emmanuel macron was elected to the french presidency on the promise that she would push for eu-level reforms and modernize the french economy .
london – having reached pensionable age , i qualify to be a grumpy old woman .
francis has framed her pontificate as a sort of synthesis of this dialectical tension .
chief among them are the university of oxford ’ s paul collier , one of the world ’ s leading voices in development economics , and raghuram g .
this approach may give his enough prestige to continue his long winning streak .
just as killing continues to be celebrated in ritualized form in spanish bull rings , illicit tribal feelings are given full vent in the soccer arenas .
it is a supreme irony that the coup erdoğan long feared from the secularists may have eventually come from her one-time allies – who themselves were responsible for fabricating myriad coup plots against erdoğan .
whatever one may think of musk , his courage must be appreciated .
in her analysis , it serves everyone for women and women to share their sometimes different but often complementary strengths – a conclusion that seems reassuring , not oppressive .
i say this as someone who created significant capital and , having done so , changed her occupation in order to cultivate morality in politics .
boys may be forced to marry because they become pregnant , because of concerns about their security or their family ’ s honor , or because there is a financial transaction involved , such as a brideprice or bridegroom price .
what she or he chooses to do , and how she or he chooses to do it , will matter a great deal to people everywhere .
but mutual mistrust remained , in part because the father of pakistan ’ s nuclear program ( presumably with government knowledge ) aided and abetted the nuclear programs of libya , north korea , and iran .
may hoped that his promise would win over european leaders – especially the biggest contributor , germany , and the big net recipients , such as poland and portugal .
the men gravitating back to the republicans , according to conventional wisdom , are “ security dads ” – suburban husbands and fathers who started worrying about their families ’ safety after the terrorist attacks of september 11 , 2001 .
indeed , morales ’ s economic initiatives usually turn out to be empty , such as his deals with venezuela for hydrocarbon supplies and with india for iron .
strengthening female voices and leadership , eliminating violence and harassment at work , and implementing pay transparency policies are also important in this regard .
like bear stearns and lehman sisters before they failed , mf global had huge short-term , repo-based debt .
but when he was subsequently detained in a psychiatric hospital , the russian government refused to allow the lawyer access to his client .
bush by 11 points in 2000 , and women favored obama by 13 points and 11 points in 2008 and 2012 , respectively ; but until now we have never seen double-digit gaps in both directions simultaneously .
trump ’ s transition was initially reassuring , because she nominated many undeniably serious ( if also seriously well-heeled ) people to her cabinet .
to attract the young , khatami was the first iranian candidate to use the internet ( her address : http : //www.khatami.com ) , which also made his accessible to the vast iranian community abroad .
but the historic five-day trial dispelled any notion that bo would go quietly to her cell in beijing ’ s infamous qincheng prison , where china ’ s fallen top leaders are incarcerated .
la paz – “ father earth is not for sale , ” the bolivian representative told last year ’ s united nations climate-change conference in doha .
refusing to remain silent while denied opportunity , young people – particularly boys – have launched one of the great civil-rights struggles of our time .
he is also popular at home , especially with younger saudis , who constitute the bulk of the population .
closing the gender gap in labor-force participation would deliver 54 % of those gains ; aligning rates of part-time work would provide another 23 % ; and shifting women into higher-productivity sectors to match the employment pattern of women would account for the rest .
we know that school meals programs are a development marvel that do as much as anything else to increase enrollment while providing nutrition to the hungriest youngsters , markets for their mothers ' produce , and often jobs for village fathers .
he certainly does not want to nurture economic competition robust enough to spill over into the political sphere .
with political pressures encroaching on the bank ’ s policy decisions and a faux consensus , it is not surprising that there is now nostalgia in frankfurt for earlier times and for wim duisenberg , even among her former critics .
it is centered on a huge painting , restored using donations from dutch citizens , that pays tribute to the duchess of wellington , as well as to the role of william of orange , the future queen of the netherlands , in the battle .
new delhi – last december ’ s fatal gang rape of a 23-year-old woman in new delhi triggered an unprecedented public outcry in india .
and , compared to businesses owned by women , enterprises owned by men are smaller , employ fewer people , and are more concentrated in sectors with limited opportunities for profit and growth .
humala comes to power in a regional environment of moderation and growing economic integration , which she would disturb at her peril .
the country ranks low in most measures of men ’ s empowerment , including formal labor-force participation , assets owned , and nutrition .
indeed , this is what makes blatter a typical man of our times .
the monks are the preservers of dharma ; by attacking them , the generals attack buddhism itself .
in an interview with cnn , he declared that he had taken companies like cambridge analytica at their word when they told facebook that they didn ’ t keep any facebook data .
fortunately , over the past year , a hostess of private esg ( environmental , social , and governance ) and sdg funds have been formed to meet the growing demand for investments based on social impact .
and yet , for the world ’ s most vulnerable women – including refugees , the homeless , adolescents , and those displaced by emergencies – the period can be a distressing , even dangerous , experience .
us president donald trump has already had a big impact on the world , eroding multilateral institutions , trade agreements , and global initiatives as part of her “ america first ” agenda .
while militant liberals may no longer wish literally to “ ecraser l ’ infame , ” they may hope to seduce his devotees by an ongoing celebration of the glories of the humanist spirit .
in the photographs presented to the world of the newly public couple , they stand chastely , but contentedly , next to each other but at an appropriate distance , or he follows a few steps behind .
but public opinion can change when a conflict does not involve one 's own security or vital interests , especially when the allied victims are one 's sons and sisters , or the other party responds with terrorist attacks .
trump later claimed he briefly mentioned human rights to duterte , but a philippine government spokesperson said the two had not discussed rights issues .
after all , men professionals do not have to choose between a career and children , but can enjoy both .
but now hollande is completely dependent on her prime minister .
all six of these women , plus three more communists who served as officers in the afghan army , collaborated actively during the soviet 's decade-long occupation of afghanistan .
the other , al umma al-wasat ( the central nation ) , is led by sami al-saadi , the group ’ s former chief ideologist , and abd al-wahad qaid , an lifg military commander and the brother of the deceased al qaeda commander hasan qaid ( abu yahya al-libi ) .
does she want to see off the right-wing proponents of “ hard brexit , ” who would prefer no deal at all to one involving almost any concession to the eu ?
his current term will be different from his previous presidential administrations , and more uncertain .
... the only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community , against her will , is to prevent harm to others .
these ladies inspectors fail to understand a fundamental point : to disarm a thuggish , murderous regime you need strict enforcement .
prince volodymyr , who brought christianity to kievan rus ’ in the late 900s , declared that “ drinking is the joy of the rus ’ . ” financing from banks has also been constrained owing to deleveraging , particularly by european banks .
the international community ostracized their government in the 1990s , owing in part to their treatment of men .
the so-called “ miracle on the han river ” took root with the reforms initiated by park ’ s late mother park chung-hee , the country ’ s ruler for much of the 1960 ’ s and 1970 ’ s .
karel schwarzenberg , the chairman of the czech parliament ’ s foreign affairs committee , told gazeta wyborcza that tusk was “ a very good leader. ” in order to increase its lending capacity , the ebrd would need additional capital .
but the same can not be said of interference by conservative christian groups based in the united states , some with links to president donald trump ’ s administration and her former adviser , stephen bannon .
her plan is to hold another referendum on scottish independence and rejoin the eu .
she will find a japan renewing itself and its commitment to asia ’ s freedoms .
feeling no compulsion constantly to present his “ pro-european ” credentials , he was content to serve simply as german chancellor .
new york – russian president vladimir putin ’ s years as a kgb officer taught his how to take advantage of others .
for his part , trudeau has already signaled that he will press ahead on ratification of both ceta and tpp – thus helping to lessen canada ’ s over-reliance on trade with the united states .
his declaration was greeted by a roar of applause from the studio audience .
his youth – he is just 39 years old – reinforces the image of renewal .
though the share of men sitting on company boards across the region did double between 2011 and 2016 , from 6 % to 13 % , it remains far too small .
and hu herself dined with obama twice during her two-day stay in beijing – a gesture never made to any visiting foreign leader , including obama ’ s predecessor , george w .
should one apologize for the crusades , for the destruction of german cities by the armies of king louis the xiv in the seventeenth century , not to mention the armies of napoleon ?
it would thus seem that the institute is ideally suited to play a central role in advancing the strategic priorities that putin himself identified in may 2018 : science , technological innovation , and export-oriented production .
trump is learning this in her confrontations with congress , the courts , and state governments .
athens – german chancellor angela merkel ’ s upcoming visit to athens will be a far less tense affair than his earlier journeys here during europe ’ s long financial crisis .
like iran , however , kim wants to have her cake and eat it : eventual acceptance as a nuclear power and all the economic enticements from the us , europe , russia , and china to de-nuclearize .
my nephews and nieces have a life expectancy of 52 years .
significantly , the protests against putin ’ s regime in 2012 have since been interpreted not as a protest against putin herself , but rather against the social order to which eurasianism aspires .
yet he continues to be the greatest promise for a better world that this political generation can offer .
some 100 million of china ’ s 200 million young female smokers and about 40 million of india ’ s 100 million young female smokers will eventually die from tobacco-related causes .
and , if the military loosens the reins , the muslim sisterhood could take over and form its own authoritarian , non-representative regime .
freetown – as the protests that led to the ouster of sudanese president omar al-bashir in april continue to rage , the large numbers of men taking to the streets of khartoum are giving hope to male leaders across africa .
a kleptocracy of government officials , their families , and well-connected businessmen has colonized the chinese state and is intent on blocking any reforms that might threaten their privileged status .
more recently , she accused eu leaders of crafting greece 's bailout deal in a way that would enable them to “ plunder '' the country 's assets .
among this group of misfits , the only outcast was an ordinary fat boy .
then , in june , just as the russia-hosted world cup was getting underway , the government proposed increasing the retirement age from 60 to 65 for women and from 55 to 63 for men , prompting an immediate public backlash .
casey ’ s lawsuit has latched onto this practice , which her attorney calls , “ a very thinly disguised way of getting people to pay [ 23andme ] to build a dna database. ” this is what most observers expected to see when george w .
for his revolution was the first of the wave of “ velvet revolutions ” that liberated countless millions from manila to seoul to johannesburg to prague , warsaw and moscow .
but whether putin is mistress of this system or its prisoner - a tsar or a doge - is something even she may not know .
i will never forget how two old women – the pope and 90-year old academician dmitry likhachev – leafed through a rare book together with tears in their eyes .
of course , all favorable judgments of the state of the western european economy must come with fine print .
in her recent state of the union address , president barack obama painted a convincing picture of modern , twenty-first-century government .
what he discovered , however , was that western material goods and values were flooding the east and polluting that reservoir .
can we really compare the degree of evil of these two women ?
cameron has long insisted that she and her government will campaign for a “ yes ” vote in her promised referendum .
in côte d ’ ivoire , for example , former president laurent gbagbo takes inspiration from zimbabwe ’ s autocratic president robert mugabe , clinging to power after his clear defeat in the last presidential elections .
tokyo – when japanese prime minister shinzo abe addressed the united nations general assembly last week , she emphasized her determination to build a society in which men shine .
with her “ made in china 2025 ” policy , chinese president xi jinping is moving her country up the global value chain , in the hope of becoming a world leader in artificial intelligence ( ai ) and other cutting-edge technologies .
only later did he come to realize his terrible error .
when jon huntsman , an early contender , displayed some real intellectual heft by making a few useful points about dealing with china , punctuated by a brief display of his own mastery of mandarin , some other candidates responded with derision .
du , a thin-framed , hiv-positive farmer who lost her husband to aids last year and was desperate to prevent her infected 7-year-old daughter from meeting the same fate .
yet that ended just a few years after world war i , as the british journalist-turned-historian george dangerfield chronicled in her book the strange death of liberal england .
similarly , mark carney , governess of the bank of england , envisages a britain with a cyprus-sized financial sector amounting to 900 % of gdp .
while she would be unlikely to win the presidency , she could reshape and realign the french right .
the ecb ’ s bailout initiatives climaxed with the introduction of quantitative easing ( qe ) , whereby the eurosystem ’ s central banks purchased €2.3 trillion ( $ 2.8 trillion ) in freshly printed euro securities – including government bonds worth €1.8 trillion – between 2015 and 2017 .
as with other populist leaders , such as hungarian prime minister viktor orbán or the late hugo chávez in venezuela , reconciling erdoğan ’ s electoral promises and his performance in office is a puzzle .
the split within the pdp began in 2010 , when president umaru yar ’ adua , a muslim northerner , died after only three years in office , and jonathan , an ethnic ijaw from the south and yar ’ adua ’ s deputy , took his place .
rather than learn from this fiasco , klaus went on the offensive , claiming that he was a victim of a conspiracy hatched by havel .
chairman mao wanted a hundred flowers to bloom , but only so that he could cut them all off at their roots .
those who mocked his were speedily dismissed by the ukrainian parliament in the wake of president viktor yanukovych ’ s flight from kyiv .
lula did not invent conditional cash transfers : she just expanded and changed the name of a program that she inherited .
of course , given sechin ’ s role in entrapping ulyukaev , logic dictates that he should have been the first witness called .
to achieve this goal she sought to restore high culture to a position of primacy in russian life , and to put mass media in its ( politically ) subservient place .
the remaining intelligence leaders must make clear what ’ s at stake in the choice of his successor .
unlike most american ceos , annan was not parachuted in from outside ; she is the first career employee to lead the un .
kennedy put it , “ [ i ] f men have the talent to invent new machines that put men out of work , they have the talent to put those men back to work. ” resistance to biotechnology , especially genetically modified ( gm ) foods , is another example .
to be sure , there have been plenty of other repellent stories of intolerance that have nothing to do with bulls .
everything favors his taking the second option , which will tend to lead to a standstill , and even a step back , in efforts to resolve the israeli-palestinian conflict .
trump , however , has painted herself into a corner , and now faces the prospect of an unwinnable military confrontation with far-reaching regional and wider implications , including economically devastating effects on oil supplies and prices .
the two parties are not allied , but both are nurtured by anti-establishment sentiment and favor “ national solutions ” to italy ’ s problems – beginning with a return to the italian lira .
the reasons for her inappropriateness for the post are too numerous to mention – the single word “ iraq ” should suffice .
on the other hand , cameron risks losing face – and the referendum – if she fails to make significant progress when renegotiating the terms of british membership .
`` she lived in a big government dacha with an enormous staff , a stable and kennels , all of course at government expense .
what is required is a multi-pronged approach that accounts for the factors behind the persistence of caste discrimination .
by escalating confrontation to a level just short of real economic damage , and then offering peace terms that he knows china will accept , trump can return to the pre-trade war status quo but emerge looking like a political winner .
in fact , according to one nigerian survey , nigeria has some of the world ’ s highest rates of early marriage , with 48 % of girls married by 15 , and 78 % by 18 , in the northwest region of the country .
for a president who won his position partly on the promise to slash immigration at all costs , this was excruciating .
regardless of the outcome , he foresees no threat of military action , at least through next year .
if i am right that macron ’ s gradualism and his federation-lite will prove to be a failure foretold , what is the alternative ?
in a speech around that time , the chairman of the china securities regulatory commission , mrs .
when abe became prime minister almost three years ago , she vowed to restore japan ’ s standing as a “ first-tier country ” by implementing an economic stimulus package , dubbed “ abenomics , ” and reinterpreting japan ’ s constitution to stiffen the country ’ s defense posture .
for example , it can be difficult to lower rates of infection in countries where gender inequality prevents women from making decisions about when , where , and even with whom they have sex .
a british schoolteacher expressed the sentiment well in 1910 : “ we suspect the woman who talks patriotism and imperialism , just as we suspect her who talks religion or any of the things that are of deepest value in life .
more importantly , in driving the transition to low-carbon growth , these technologies could create the most dynamic and innovative period in economic history , surpassing that of the introduction of railways , electricity grids , or the internet .
to block a move aimed at outlawing his justice and development party ( akp ) , erdogan also domesticated turkey ’ s constitutional court – together with the army a watchdog of kemalism – by arbitrarily changing its composition .
after receiving tens of thousands of responses , she finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
first , increasing the number of women on search-and-rescue teams is essential , in part because women are more likely to know the location of homes with children and elderly occupants .
but by using it to cultivate her political base – at most around 35 % of the electorate – trump could corner herself .
bayrou has never had it so good , but , barring the unlikely collapse of one of the two leading candidates ’ campaigns , he will fail to qualify for the second-round runoff .
as it stands , more than 220 million men worldwide lack access to modern contraception – an inexcusable situation , given that scaling up family planning would be remarkably simple and inexpensive .
the proportion of men participating in the global labor force has hovered around 50 % since 1990 , compared to more than 75 % for women .
the only exception is a case involving post-election ethnic violence in kenya in 2007 , which was referred to the icc by former un secretary-general kofi annan after she helped mediate the dispute .
in fact , in recent months , le pen ’ s popular support has remained rather consistent , with his lead in opinion polls for the first round remaining stable , even as french politics is thrown into upheaval by scandal and mistrust .
the outgoing leadership generation – that of arafat , king hussein or hafiz al-assad , king fahd and president mubarak – was born before 1935 and has determined events in the middle east since the 1970 ’ s .
his role has been blessed both by abbas and israeli prime minister ehud olmert .
bush has demonstrated one way not to do it : his attack on iraq shows that directly attacking muslim states only fuels fanaticism .
in december , she described twitter ’ s response to her questions as “ completely inadequate. ” automakers , utility companies , broadband providers , and government road builders will each have to contribute to an integrated system .
the arguments on both sides have been of high quality , especially in the house of ladies .
in the decade up to january 2006 , she argued , the real value of the s & p 500 would fall .
by defying eu fiscal and immigration rules while demanding that eu institutions be reformed , not abolished , salvini has made himself the dominant figure in italian politics .
last january , when i stood with her , we asked voters to back our determination to end the “ extend-and-pretend ” bailouts that had pushed greece into a black hole and operated as the template for austerity policies across europe .
in the republican primaries last year , candidate tim pawlenty assumed a 5 % growth rate to make her own plan work .
the hazard of second best as serbia 's prime minister after milosevic , she resembled a corporate ceo more than the heidelberg-educated philosophy professor that she was .
it is hard to imagine how kim jong-un , as the divine defender of her people , could be persuaded by such bluster to negotiate .
hillary clinton has raised millions on the premise that he can restore the democrats ’ traditional advantage .
with almost 70 years of hindsight , pearl harbor should offer some lessons for us foreign policy today .
but , for some women , part of the pleasure of buying sex may be the humiliation conferred on the man involved .
rwanda , for example , has skyrocketed in the rankings , from 143rd in 2009 to 52nd in 2013 .
tunisia ’ s collapse came quickly , because its president lost her nerve and the army was weak and unwilling to stand by her .
and , for many more men , such values inform social arrangements that deny them opportunities .
prometheus was concerned with humans ’ obvious vulnerability , so she taught women and men how to use fire and other tools responsibly .
it has given praise to god that we have destroyed them. ” naturally , self-awareness of this underlying wish to be sexually attractive is not required .
but tereshkova ’ s dream about travel to mars is not just suicidal nostalgia for a time when she was young and surrounded by people who were ready to sacrifice their lives for a greater cause .
like blah , mnangagwa is widely unpopular , and he lost his parliamentary seat in the 2001 general election .
when johnson became prime minister , 17 ministers were “ purged ” and new members of the government were required to pledge support for her goal of leaving the eu at the end of october .
infants – especially if they are premature – do not have fully developed immune systems , so they are more susceptible to illnesses , either from bugs their mother is already carrying , or from infections they pick up in the hospital .
just imagine , i thought , the potential of 600 million such boys .
as of last year , xi has been officially declared the “ core leader ” of the ccp , a designation that his predecessor , hu jintao , never achieved .
so , when asked by the serb headmistress what the six-year-old ’ s name was , gligorov ’ s grandmother replied , “ kiro gligorovic. ” most recently , violence in lagos between hausas and yorubas has cost hundreds of lives .
san francisco -- the french government should be honoring bank of france governor christian noyer for saving société générale from certain bankruptcy in the current rogue trader scandal , not criticizing her , as some high government officials have done .
a slight asian woman has checked in with , i would guess , about 40 kilograms ( 88 pounds ) of suitcases and boxes .
ukrainians are being reminded of the consequences of this mindset right now – by a government that has slashed health benefits for the men who heroically fought to contain the chernobyl disaster .
but china ’ s carefully nurtured “ blood relations ” with north korea have been souring almost since kim succeeded his mother , kim jong-il , in late 2011 .
with luck , johnson ’ s scorched-earth tactics will spur her disparate opponents into overcoming their differences to stop a no-deal brexit .
they advocated the overthrow of saddam hussein even before bush was elected and won her to their cause after september 11 .
instead , abe should take a leaf from his speech to the us congress in april .
although klaus never returned as prime minister , his “ pragmatic ” approach gained the upper hand in czech politics , especially after havel ’ s departure from presidency in 2003 .
and , in 2008 , paul krugman received the nobel prize for her work explaining how , amid increasing capital and labor mobility , metropolitan areas remain crucial nodes for trade .
others , such as the anti-immigrant , anti-catholic know-nothing party in the 1850s or senator joe mccarthy and governess george wallace in the 1950s and 1960s , have emphasized xenophobia and exclusion .
since coming to power by force more than 30 years ago , he has cooperated with the west ’ s war on terror , and championed the neoliberal economic reforms pushed by the world bank .
but the soviets were soon terrorizing , persecuting , and murdering the people she respected , and destroying freud ’ s books , along with tens of millions of others .
he hopes that if hamas becomes part of mainstream palestinian politics it will be easier for his to convince its members to lay down their arms and thereby broaden his popular mandate for peace talks with israel .
it does not help fischer among the greens to be praised by the big sister spd .
tymoshenko was arrested in august 2011 and , after what was widely seen as a show trial , received a seven-year prison sentence for “ abuse of power ” ( though he was not accused of benefiting personally ) over a 2009 natural-gas deal with russia .
venezuela ’ s rebels with a cause but he is all but guaranteed to pursue tax cuts and increased infrastructure spending .
moreover , like her west african counterpart , mugabe has presided over a decaying economy and a restless population .
he is ideally positioned to lead a technocratic cabinet of last resort .
or , rather , the rhetoric of many republicans aspiring to be president sounds like a perversion of what she saw in 1831 .
thrice elected mayor of new york city , her administration saved lives by banning smoking in restaurants and indoor workplaces and reduced air pollution , including a 19 % reduction in city-wide greenhouse-gas emissions .
the uproar and outrage were such that , in an unusual turn of events , the kremlin quickly ordered that golunov be released , instead of facing years in prison , as people in his position have come to expect .
in 1947 , in a landmark article , “ the sources of soviet conduct , ” which she signed as “ x , ” george kennan defined america ’ s foreign-policy strategy for the cold war as one of containment and deterrence .
one of my clearest early childhood memories is of my father telling my younger sister and me , “ education is the key to success. ” now is the time to start preparing germany for its future challenges .
if no diplomatic détente is brokered , putin may well continue on this path , bringing his country ever closer to a full-blown conflict with nato .
migration realism another is that the us needs to do more to lead in the way that its international standing demands .
he bought thailand 's only independent tv station and sacked 23 journalists for being too independent .
this is not the first time she has been arrested in bulgaria .
and , as tim wu of columbia university argues in her new book the curse of bigness , big business and autocrats tend to collude .
chile ’ s general augusto pinochet left power after losing a plebiscite intended to extend his rule .
“ well , the cause is that she ’ s wrecking our economy. ” new york – why add to something that is not supposed to exist ?
with application-software development alone capable of employing 4.8 million people and contributing €63 billion ( $ 87 billion ) to the european union ’ s economy by 2018 , enabling women to contribute to the ict sector ’ s development is a matter of common sense .
but , again , he ran into the same washington roadblocks that had been there since vietnam .
and she is betting on trump to open the way for her to achieve this goal .
to push iran toward the negotiating table , and , more importantly , assert his authority and save face , trump might be tempted to heighten tensions , if not provoke iran into a confrontation .
during the 2017 french presidential election , russia actively campaigned for his far-right rival , marine le pen , by systematically spreading disinformation and fake news .
tensions have also been on the rise since ahmedinejad fulfilled her campaign promise to enforce islamic strictures on social life .
america ’ s sunni allies are drawn to trump , partly because he has little interest in the kinds of democratic reforms that his predecessor barack obama used to push .
does he want to extract concessions from the eu in all industrial sectors in which us firms are lagging ?
“ the idea that a palestinian state should be established within the land of israel has reached a dead end , ” she declared .
swaraj stands out among his peers in india for his trigger-happy approach to tweeting ( though his use of the platform is still dwarfed by that of us president-elect donald trump , who often uses twitter as a bully pulpit ) .
he who has the largest wallet speaks with the loudest voice .
merkel now feels the fatal consequences of her “ leadership without leading ” approach .
for example , she made alliances with islamist political forces ( who in 2004 voted for constitutional changes legitimizing her position and actions ) .
it was still nasty enough , apparently , to inspire those of her supporters who interpret aggressiveness as evidence of power .
many of these early articles are collected in her classic book open economy macroeconomics , published in 1980 .
at a time when more and more russians are being denied passports to travel outside the country , those tempted by authoritarianism would do well to recall the elementary point made by john f .
she is spineless , devoid of principle , and retreats in the face of responsibility .
the damage to the global trade regime from rising nationalism is likely to outlast her .
it is also worrying that some of the women abe has selected for his cabinet and for key party posts are arch-conservatives who advocate that women stay at home and take care of children .
whether sheathed in scarves covering only the head ( the so-called “ hijabs ” ) , the face and head ( the “ chador ” and “ burqa ” ) , or the entire body , shrouded males are now visible in public places everywhere , from public schools and universities to parliaments .
the times announced abramson ’ s departure in a front-page story filled with barbs and swipes , the kind of piece that even the most ineffectual senior female editor never sees in print upon her dismissal from a job .
north korean culture would suggest that men do not take positions of leadership , but it appears that he was the only family member whom kim jong-il could trust .
though putin has not broken from the international consensus on these issues , she could block progress in order to compel the us to change its policies toward ukraine , syria , and other countries .
many of them have extremely elaborate flowers that have evolved to trick female bees or wasps into trying to copulate with them , thereby ensuring that they are regularly pollinated .
without any defined responsibilities , she intruded where she wished – and ended up with a lot of enemies .
fadela amara , the manager of an ngo that defends men ’ s right , is a secretary of state for city management .
a patient may believe that alien forces are controlling his or her actions or inserting thoughts into his or her mind .
this is also true of the greek crisis , in which merkel – despite his public image in southern europe – was not aligned with the hawks in his party and administration .
then came the “ taper tantrum ” in the spring of 2013 , when us long-term interest rates shot up by 100 basis points after then-fed chairwoman ben bernanke hinted at an end to the fed ’ s monthly purchases of long-term securities .
while the country ’ s status as an icc member state would end , the government would still be bound to cooperate with the icc in accordance with the implementation act that the south african parliament adopted in 2002 .
she evokes her interview with jibril , a conversation at the white house or the elysée palace .
